# High dividends # scarce assets #
The only nuclear power operating platform under China’s nuclear industry group, one of the two oligarchs, actively deploys new sources of energy and creates a world-class clean energy service provider. Core assets are stable, revenue profits are rising steadily, cash flows are well above 35%, and dividends are 2.3% (ttm).
The report on the work of the Government's 21-year report was changed to “positive.” The China Nuclear Energy Industry Association anticipates that China will maintain the annual approval pace of 6-8 nuclear power units per year and 22-25 years of nuclear power.
With the transformation of new power systems, nuclear power is the best option for the base charge, and new nuclear power applications are used to increase the economic security and speed of installation. Emission to base: Accelerating Production + Guaranteed Depletion + Stable Cost, Showing a Steady Growth.
2) Prices of electricity: preferential insurance, with a strong market advantage for participation. Priority access to nuclear power, company projects in the main power demand department, guaranteed consumption, company fleet price approvals, parallel to market prices, continued to rise by 43% in 2022. Power marketization allows electricity prices to return.
Due to fluctuations in commodity properties, the advantage of low generation costs for nuclear power is highlighted. 3) Cost: Structural stability, fuel costs are manageable. Depreciation/fuel/power plant wiring/human/other share cost of company costs in 2022, further releasing depreciation maturity profits.
• Qualitative transformation: a long-term perspective for the transformation of nuclear power assets. 1) Three phases of operation, debt service + discounting old maturity profits are clearly released. Second/third generation nuclear power design life is 40/60 years, normally 15 years, the loan period is conservative, and second/third generation combined depreciation is approximately 25/35 years.
The second-generation crew will be able to survive for 30 years by retrofitting it to 50 years. According to the single-project model, 200 million yuan and 15 per cent more asset value. The company invested about 16 billion yuan in the first gw of the first three generation, a 45 per cent increase over the second-generation investment, and the value of the three-generation crews will fall in return for the investment.
The rate continues to rise. 3) The fall in capital spending + the steady operation of the project, and Roe is expected to double.
The company's history dates back to the establishment of Qinshan Nuclear Power Company Ltd. in 1982. In 1985, Qinshan Nuclear Power Company Ltd. began work on building the country's first mainland.
In 2008, the China Nuclear Industries Group Ltd., as a controlling shareholder, established China Nuclear Power Company Limited; and in 2011, the company completed a stock-sharing reform, officially renamed China Nuclear Power.
In June 2015, the company was listed on a stock market. In 2020, the company acquired the energy transfer power of a fully-owned subsidiary, completed the key layout of the Department's investment in the new energy industry, and accelerated the implementation of the company's industrial development strategy for “nuclear power plus new energy”.
The company is one of the two nuclear power companies, with only four operating “licensings” in the industry. Only four companies currently have major nuclear power plants in China, namely, the China Nuclear Group, the China-China Nuclear Group, the China-China Nuclear Power Group, and the China-China Energy Group.
According to the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association, as of 30 June 2023, the company-controlled capacity of the nuclear power plant accounted for 41.6 per cent of the total operational capacity of the nuclear power industry.
Figure 3: China’s installed capacity, power generation and sales of nuclear power, new energy operations are expected to be the second growth point. In 2020, the company completed the acquisition of China’s nuclear transfer energy, with a new energy industry with a capacity of 196% cagr. According to the company’s plan, the company’s new energy capacity will be reached by 2025.
The company plans to install 56 million kilowatt-hours in 2025, becoming the world’s leading clean energy service provider. According to the company’s annual report, the company has customised three-stage targets for future nuclear power and new energy business development: 1) 2025, the company will be installed.
1.2. The controlling shareholders are the China Nuclear Group, which is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, which is behind the Chinese Nuclear Group, which is the owner of the company and holds 59.27 per cent of the shares.
China’s nuclear power is the only nuclear power operating platform under China’s nuclear industry group. China’s nuclear power group, as a strong back-up to the development of the company, has a complete nuclear technology and industrial system, including the exploration, mining and manufacture of nuclear fuel, research and development of nuclear power technology, and construction packages for the entire nuclear fuel cycle and back end radioactive waste.
The company owns 28 holding companies, one joint company, 12 participating companies, invests in the Qin Shan nuclear power, Jiangsu nuclear power, Fuku Qing nuclear power, Hainan nuclear power, three nuclear power units, Xingzhou energy, Liaoning nuclear power, and seven nuclear power bases, including wind power and light volts.
1.3. Based on the nuclear power business, which is powered by new energy industries, which continue to grow for profit. Nuclear power is the company’s main business and the share of new energy businesses has increased. Nuclear power is the company’s main business since it was listed, with revenues from nuclear power operations and Māori’s share stable at over 85 per cent in 2018-2022.
The new energy business has grown rapidly in recent years, rising from year to year, and rising from new sources of energy. Corporate net cash flows have been good for a long time, providing a strong guarantee of dividends, and the company’s share of dividends remained above 35% between 2018 and 2022.
Nuclear power approval has accelerated, industry has turned to “positive”, nuclear power approval policy has shifted to “positive” and nuclear power approval has accelerated.
In 2012, the State Council issued its Medium- and Long-term Nuclear Power Development Plan (2011-2020), which states that “The twelfth-fifth period will be held in the same direction only”.
Sea arrangements for a small number of well-documented nuclear power project sites, with no inland nuclear power projects. After the approval of eight nuclear power units in 2015, the industry was “zero approvals” for three consecutive years. Nuclear power approvals recovered in 2019 and government reports for 2021 referred to as “active and orderly development of nuclear power in a safe environment”, the first time in the government's report for almost a decade.
In September 2022, the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association released China's Nuclear Energy Development and Prospects (2022), which is expected to maintain the pace of approval for nuclear power units of 6-8 units per year during the "145" period. The Standing Committee of the State Council, called in July 2023, decided to approve a total of 6 nuclear power units in Shandong Shosuke Bay, Fujianingde and Liaoningsi Fort.
According to the national electricity industry statistics for 2022, by the end of 2022, the capacity of the national nuclear power plant stood at 55.53 million kilowatts, with steady growth in installed capacity.
Around thousands of kilowatts, we expect the Chinese nuclear power plant to increase at a speed of 8.0% in the short term between 2022 and 2025, with a significant acceleration. Consider approval of the acceleration and the transformation of China’s energy structure, the size of China’s nuclear power plant in the medium to long term is expected.
The development of the national economy supports a sustained increase in demand for electricity. The goal of “carbon neutrality and carbon peaks” proposes to further promote energy structural transformation and the upgrading of electrification, with electricity accounting for about 30% of end-use energy during the “14th” period, according to the “14th Five” Modern Energy System plan, and with a pre-meditation of the China-China electricity grid.
In 2025, the total electricity consumption in China will reach 9.5 trillion kWh, and in 2022-2025, the total electricity consumption in the region will reach 3.2 per cent. In terms of the electricity use structure, the secondary sector remains the core electricity use industry in China, with the tertiary sector and urban and rural residents increasing faster, and the share is expected to sustain the upward trend.
In March 2021, the Secretary-General of the Institute presented a system for the development of energy power, which for the first time proposed the construction of a new power system. The new power system is an important vehicle for the formation of new energy systems and the achievement of the “double carbon” goal, with a safe, efficient, clean, low-carbon, flexible and intelligent mix.
Since the second half of 2021, a number of provinces have begun to use electricity in an orderly manner, reflecting a tight balance between electricity supply and demand. The construction of new power systems to meet the demands of the new era is a complex and demanding system project, which requires co-development on the side of the power supply, on the side of the grid, on the side of the user, and on the side of the storage power.
The main source, 70% of the electricity generated in 2022, is the result of the high cost of limited fuel and the transformation of the energy structure, with little willingness to invest in new construction. New annual contributions from nuclear power and hydropower are limited, and wind and light voltage increases are the main sources of new installed capacity, but new energy sources are unstable. In terms of loads, power loads are further diversified and demand is needed.
Figure 22: China ' s share of power generation sub-sources and compound rate of increase (billion kWh) in 2010-2022, figure 23: China ' s share of installed capacity sub-power and compound rate of increase (billion kWh) in 2012-2022
Nuclear power is expected to be the best option for a new power system. The primary power source is the primary power source, which is the main power source for the generation of power. The power source is the main power charge source in China. Fire power is now the best option for a new power system that is safe and efficient, clean and low-carbon, flexible, and intelligently integrated. Nuclear power is expected to be the best option for a base charge power source.
Option 1: high efficiency, high stability: nuclear power is an efficient and stable power source subject to fluctuations in the price of fuels such as coal and natural gas, the profits of fire power companies are cyclically influenced by force stability, hydropower, wind power, photovoltage are more affected by seasonal, weather-related changes and are intermittent, random and volatile. Nuclear power is not subject to fuel, season, climate, etc.
Impacts, which provide continuous and reliable power supply at rated power levels over a long period of time. Nuclear power/hydropower clean up 2018-2022: nuclear power generation is the use of nuclear fission to generate thermal energy without burning, at the same level as wind photovoltaics, and does not produce hazardous gases such as sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides; 3) low cost and controllable power generation: nuclear power.
Airframes are stable, design lifetimes are generally longer than depreciation years, energy conversion is efficient, fuel costs are manageable. Combination of major power companies with the cost of access to electricity in 2020-2022, and nuclear access costs about 0.2 yuan/degrees, with lower and more stable costs. 2.3. Upgrading of nuclear power technology, and three generation safety economic improvements
Three generations of technology are ripe, nuclear power is out of the "no technology" dilemma. In 2006, we introduced the latest three generations of ap1000 technology in the U.S. Western House, and three first stages of nuclear power were started. The project was seriously delayed, three generations of nuclear power were questioned, and domestic nuclear power was caught up in a "no technology" dilemma.
In January 2019, the State Department relaunched the approval of nuclear power, and the four Hualong 1 units were approved. In 2021, the National Energy Agency and the Ministry of Science and Technology jointly issued the 14th Five-Year Plan for Science, Technology and Innovation in the Energy Sector, which states, inter alia, that:
To upgrade nuclear power technology equipment and the economics of the project, a three-generation study of key nuclear power technologies was carried out to support the establishment of a standard, calibrated and model spectra system.” Of the six nuclear power units that were recently approved on 31 July 2023, Ishishima Bay, Unit 1, Unit 2 and Unit 5 and Unit 6, which used the “Wallon I” nuclear power technology.
The Chinese nuclear industry group, the Hualong I group, and the Chinese nuclear group, based on feedback from the Fukushima nuclear accident and Chinese and global security requirements.
In the millions of kilowatts of pressurized water piles, nuclear power technology is a three-generation nuclear power technology with fully autonomous intellectual property rights. The Hualong One has designed a well-developed deep defense security system.
On core damage probability (cdf) and mass radioactive release probability (lrf), the Hualong I was below 10-6/ and 10-7/, respectively, well below the requirements of three generation crew users in 10-5/ and 10-6/years, meeting the highest global safety standards and meeting the new nuclear safety goals and requirements set by the National Nuclear Safety Administration following the Fukushima accident in Japan.
The two-instance control system, combined with energy and non-energy technologies, is used to cool the reactor cores using gravity in the event of complete power outages in the plant area. These two safety systems are the safest safety measures in the current nuclear power market. Three generations of piles are expected to fall.
The unit's installed capacity is 1210mw. The unit's cost is $17149 per kilowatt. Xu Da Fort 1 and 2 is estimated to have invested $42.3 billion, with a unit assembly capacity of 1291mw and a unit cost of $163,83 per kilowatt, which is $4161 per kilowatt lower than the unit's cost of Xu Fort 3 and 4 using Vver-1200.
Increased autonomy, a 88% national production rate for the first batch of Fu Qing 5 units, an increase in the proportion of nuclear power units, which avoids the high cost of imported equipment and further lowers the cost of engineering.
The price of three generation nuclear units is expected to decline further. 3. Volume becomes base, mass becomes core 3.1. Accelerating commissioning + guaranteeing cost stabilization + nuclear power assets show steady growth
In terms of electricity prices, the company ' s electricity prices are made up of the market price of the approved unit price and marketized part of the trade, the average Internet price of the nuclear power business is stable, the tax-bearing electricity price was 0.4/kwh to the right in 2018-2021, and the market-based top of the price increased slightly in 2022. On the basis of the decomposition of electricity prices, the company ' s nuclear electricity prices increased slightly.
The increase in the revenue from the sale of electricity is mainly driven by the volume of electricity, which is stabilized by the capacity of installed units, the use of hours and the consumption of the Internet, and the efficiency of the generation of electricity. The calculation of the amount of electricity on the Internet is based on the installed capacity x the utilization of hours (1-plant rate). Nuclear power is used as a base charge, and the unit is stabilized after operation.
With full capacity, the company’s plant power rate and the number of hours spent will remain stable. The company uses average fluctuations in hours, mainly influenced by changes in the delivery of new units and the duration of major repairs. In 2022, the company’s nuclear power unit used an average of 7889 stock units to build up its capacity, and thus continued to grow with a combined build-up rate of 10.4 per cent in 2018-2022.
For nuclear power sales, the core concerns in the future are the growth of installed capacity and market digestion. The company has been granted four units for nearly a year, which will increase by 64 per cent in size after full load. As of August 2023, the company held 25 units with a capacity of 237.5 million kilowatts and 9 units under construction with a capacity of 1012.9.
In addition, in September 2022 and July 2023, the Council of State approved the installation of Unit 3/4 in Chenzhou and Unit 1/2 in Xu Da Fort for a total of 5.06 million kilowatts. The company's construction and new approved fleets are expected to be fully commercial in 2029, when they will increase to 3888.5 kilowatts, compared to the current fleet.
3.1.2. Prices of electricity: Nuclear power consumption priority guarantees, participation in marketized advantages, priority for nuclear power generation, high demand for electricity in downstream provinces. National Energy Agency priority for nuclear power in 2016
Access to the Internet is a category of priority to guarantee electricity consumption. In 2017 and 2019, the Commission issued a circular on the orderly discharge and development of electricity use programmes, a circular on the full liberalization of the power distribution programme for operational electricity users, the inclusion of nuclear power generation units in the priority power generation plan, and the policy support of the priority removal of nuclear power.
The company sells nuclear power mainly to Jiang Zhen, Fujian and Hainan. The company sells nuclear power mainly to Jiangzhou, Fujian and Hainan. The company sells nuclear power to Qinshan I, three to Zhejiang, Qin San II and Qin San III, Fanshan to the limited department of the Huadong electricity grid, Jiangsu nuclear power to Jiangsu electricity, Fu Qing nuclear power to Fujian power company, Hainan nuclear power company.
To Hainan Electricity Networks Limited. Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, etc., are all provinces of electricity demand, with priority for power generation, and the price-fixing mechanism for nuclear power access can be divided into three stages. 1) Prior to 2013, one plant was priced at a cost plus profit; 2) 2013-2019, the policy of low electricity prices for nuclear power and coal-fired poles was introduced, and marketized prices were gradually liberalized; 3)
The Guidance for Deepening the Reform of the Coal-fired Power Interconnected Prices Facility states that, in order to achieve a steady and comprehensive liberalization of coal-fired electricity generation, the Coal-fired Power Station Access Prices Facility will be changed to a market-based pricing system of “base + up/ down” for coal-fired electricity generation. In 2021, the price range for trading coal-fired power generation will not fluctuate from up to 10 per cent and down to no more than 10 per cent in principle.
The price of electricity is essentially based on a “4-6” pricing mechanism, with about 60% of the price of electricity approved by the Commission and the remaining portion of the price marketed. The machine group pricing mechanism provides a premium plus a premium, which is approved in parallel with the marketized price.
At the beginning of each year, the provinces publish the Electricity Market Trading Programme, which determines the amount of nuclear power traded by determining the volume of such transactions or the proportion of such transactions. The Jiangsu, Fujian, Zhejiang tri-program for 2021-2023 shows an annual increase of 2 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) and a 2023 transaction threshold of 22 billion kWh.
Kilowatt hours; Zhejiang maintains a market-based participation rate of about 50%; Fujian province has the most elastic policy with guaranteed power generation by Unit 1 in the province, with all other nuclear power units participating in a competitive market price, and the forecast value of nuclear power trading in the province is rising year by year. Over the past three years of policy, the market-based trade ratio has gradually increased, and future marketization is expected to take place.
The ratio of market-based transactions has gradually increased, and market-based prices have been limited. According to the annual electricity-marketing programme issued by each of the company’s nuclear power units in the provinces, the market for nuclear power units has been on the rise, with market-based prices for electricity traded in 2022.
The top floats, making a positive change in the profitability of the nuclear power business. Of the 21 units currently involved in the conventional power market, 6 have an approved electricity price below the local base price for coal combustion, 8 have a flat unit and 7 have a base price for coal power.
Approving floating zones for electricity prices. Of these, Fukugi 3 has the highest rate of floating, with a balance between the zones (12.4 and 31.4 per cent) and the body price, so that, in the larger trend towards greater participation in marketized transactions, the price swing zone of a company can be controlled, when the low-cost advantage of a company ' s nuclear power will be highlighted.
Figure 39: Provinces ' Power Market Trading Programme 2021-2023. All units of nuclear power units (other than the Hualong I) are involved in market transactions, including Hualong.
Unit 1 is used to prioritize the purchase of electricity, and the Power Market Trading Programme, 02021, is projected to be 27.5 billion tons of nuclear power traded on the market throughout the year.
Medium- and Long-Term Municipal Power Exchange Programme, Fujian Province, August-December 2022
Medium- and long-term market exchange for electricity in Fujian province, market transfer of nuclear power units (excluding the Hualong I) forecast for ease of electricity: about 62 billion kilowatt-hours.
Cost: Cost structure stabilized, fuel cost manageable Nuclear power cost end structure stabilized, fixed assets depreciated about 40%. As the company ' s new energy business is currently small, depreciation, fuel, power plant maintenance, and personnel costs can simply be considered as nuclear power business costs. 2018-2022,
Depreciation of fixed assets as a percentage of total costs has always been around 40 per cent, while the cost of nuclear fuel and other materials is about 22 per cent, and the structure is very fixed. There are also the maintenance of power plants and the cost of labour.
Fixed expenditure during the operational phase of the station, with further room for optimization of the drivers of efficiency gains and personnel costs. Other components include, inter alia, the collective spent fuel disposal costs of the nuclear power plant, which are linked to the generation of electricity. Corporate fuel costs are mainly for nuclear power plants, nuclear fuel is regularly replaced and consumption is fixed.
Low enriched uranium (LEU) containing 3-5% U-235. According to the corporate investor exchange announcement, three generations of nuclear fuel assemblies are replaced every 18 months, a group of 675 kilograms of fuel is required, and a team leader is required for a cycle of 44 fuel sets, with a mass of 29.7 tons at each time, and consumption is fixed.
In order to ensure price stability for raw materials, the company has adopted a 10-year model for the entire nuclear fuel supply chain, which is linked to the prices available and the prices of the previous period.
The company has less influence on the price of uranium. The nuclear group, which has the only nuclear fuel manufacturing capability in the country, has the second-largest natural uranium reserves in the world for the second year in a row among the company’s controlling shareholders. Since 2013, the Chinese nuclear group has accounted for one third of the total amount of new uranium deposits identified in 68 years.
At the end of 2020, the company held 4.28% of its shares in the nuclear-uranium industry, with the Chinese nuclear-uranium industry acting as a natural-uranium supplier to China’s nuclear group, further strengthening the supply of uranium from the company’s nuclear power plant.
The nuclear power life cycle includes the construction and operation period, which usually lasts for five years, with the duration of operation increasing with technological progress, the design life of the second-generation unit for 40 years, and the third generation for the third generation.
The period of operation consists of three phases, namely, a debt service plus depreciation period, a single depreciation period after the debt service has been completed, and a profit release period after the completion of the depreciation. The duration of the loan for nuclear power projects is usually 15 years, the depreciation period is based on an exchange report between the company's investors, the combined average depreciation of the second-generation crew is 25 years, and the combined depreciation of the third-generation crew is 25 years.
35 years. Because the company uses conservative depreciation, the depreciation period is shorter than the actual operating life, and when the depreciation is completed, the cost of electricity is significantly reduced and the profit is released. The profit release period is 15 years after the end of the depreciation of the second generation of the crew, the third generation of the crew The full life-cycle model of the nuclear power project: to quantify the profits and cash flow under the nuclear heavy asset operating model.
And the difference between second-generation and third-generation fleet profits. We have selected industry and company averages for the analysis of millions of kilowatt-grade secondary and third-generation single-life projects.
The unit has an internal value of $14.7 billion, and the three-generation unit has an internal value of $13.6 billion. During the nuclear power period, 1) debt service + depreciation period: profits will increase significantly as a result of the first six years of exemption and the halving of income tax, income tax Net profits and operating net cash flows will decline rapidly after the end of the concession period, and then because financial costs will gradually decrease net.
(ii) Single depreciation period: as a result of the return of VAT for the first 15 years and the end of the concession, the tax shield will disappear after the repayment of the loan and the profit will experience a second faulty fall during the single depreciation period.
Increases of 37/15 per cent in the profit release period and 46/49 per cent in the profit release period; increases of 35/19 per cent in the profit release period and 35 per cent in the profit release period from the depreciation period and of the profit release period in the case of three generations
At present, most of the company’s fleet is in debt service and depreciation periods, with the company’s nuclear power performance in 2022, Māori for electricity at $0.164. From a long-term perspective, the company’s nuclear power operation has considerable scope for upgrading. 3.2.2. Second-generation nuclear power extension + three-generation nuclear power manufacturing prices have fallen and investment efficiency has improved.
In 2021, the company's first second generation nuclear power plant, Qinshan I Cp 300, succeeded in extending its life expectancy from 30 to 50 years. In addition to Qinshan 1 #, the company currently has 18 second-generation aircraft, using the Cp 600/cp1,000 model, which is more secure than the Cp 300 technology.
So we think there is room for further extension of the company’s second-generation fleet. To measure the economic benefits of the delay, we assume that after 40 years of service, the fleet will be out of service for one year, with an investment of $2 billion and a 20-year extension.
At the same time, life expectancy increases the company’s long-term cash flow, which, according to the company’s announcement, would add 2.2 billion yuan to the inner value of the single gw, adding about 15% to the inner value of the two-generation fleet. Three-generation fleets of aircraft have reduced their quantitative prices and optimized the quality of their earnings.
Gw costs $16 billion, 45 per cent higher than the average 11 billion yuan/gw for the company ' s second-generation fleet. Prices will decline in the next three generation batch Quantitative Construction. Depending on sensitivity, the fixed cost of the work fell from 15 billion yuan/gw to 11 billion yuan/gw from 12.4 per cent.
China’s nuclear power line is lower than that of mature projects, and there is much room for long-term improvement. In 2022, China’s nuclear power line was 10.9% lower than that of mature operating projects.
Splitting and project company analysis, the main reason we judge is that 1) the project company operates in an inconsistent manner, partially operating immature projects bring down the entire list of companies, and 2) listed companies have low asset turnover, which can affect listed companies by phasing. Roe is expected to double in the long run.
Project company Roe levels vary significantly, and the stage is gradually rising. By breaking up subsidiaries, companies entering a stable operating period, such as Qinshan nuclear power, remained stable at around 20% in 2020-2022, significantly above the company average.
Three nuclear power units and Hainan nuclear power have been downgraded due to high prices, and are now significantly below the level of other units. Capital spending has fallen, and asset turnover has increased.
Qinsan San and two new aircraft have been delivered in the last three years to conduct a dubon analysis. According to the Dupont division, the net interest rate of Qin San's nuclear subsidiary is 35%, and the net interest rate for the depreciation period in the single-project model is consistent, the leverage ratio is set to be high net profit and high asset turnover.
In 2020/2011, profit contributions led to a significant increase in asset turnover and net interest rates. The company currently has a lower asset turnover rate compared to Tian Wan subsidiary because of its larger nuclear power plant. According to the subsidiary and single-project model analysis, we expect the net interest rate to rise to 30% in 2030, and the asset turnover rate to 25%, Roe.
The company’s level is expected to double. As a comparable company, the company’s three companies, namely, the Guangnings, Yangjiang Power, and the Tri-Gorge Energy, are in a reasonable low range.
1) Volatility in the electricity market: The gradual increase in the market share of the company ' s electricity feed-in price will affect the company ' s income and profitability if the price of electricity changes within the phase. 2) The new project is not on track as expected: the growth in the size of the company ' s operations is driven by new project approvals, construction, and delivery
The company’s growth is affected by the slow pace of project delivery due to policy changes, the pace of project construction, etc. Nuclear power unit operating risks: the company’s nuclear power operation is leading, but the nuclear energy development industry has safety requirements
Very high, if there is an operating risk in the nuclear power transport project, it will affect the normal operation of the company in the transport project and the progress of acquisition and construction of the new project.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.