Researchchand developmentcenter, the low-valued leader with the greatest potential for growth!
A deep report from the state coal industry (600188.sh) on the low-valued poles of low-growth potential!
Coal production has grown at an annual rate of 11.75% over the last 10 years, with capacity release, M & As injected into the newly formed Shandong Energy Group, and there is still much room for growth.
With more than 3 billion tons of resources available, production has expanded continuously over the last decade, and coal is well grown, with high-quality power coal production accounting for about 75%, which is still expected to rise. In 2019, the company’s own coal industry grossed into high-yielding and efficient gold-coal deposits and tables (15 million tonnes/year) and sulla-ulco coal mines.
Eight million tonnes/year) and 12 million tonnes/year) of coal production efficiency and efficiency should increase the profitability and profitability of coal costs. In the future, the Shandong Energy Group, close to 300 million tonnes of production, greatly expands the company's capacity to absorb the group's high-quality coal capital.
Since the company acquired seven of the Group’s asset packages at the end of 2020, chemical products have been expanded from one methanol to three chains of methanol, acetic acid, coal liquefied oil. The company’s methanol is in production.
The total capacity is 2.8 million tonnes/year (in addition to the 800,000 tonnes/year still in progress), mainly located in the Quantities, and the second phase of the project, which is oriented towards product refinement to higher end, extends the industrial chain to ethanol (0.4 million, 33.47 per cent; slightly less than Hualu Hengl, but is significantly higher than the Sorority Group and Jiangsu Soup, Lunanization
The 300,000 tonnes/year manufacturing capacity is expected to further expand the chemical industry categories and models, with the company ' s chemical products having a competitive cost advantage.
The price of goods has risen dramatically, and the corporate wage industry has turned in cycles and made a strong profit. – Corporate cash profits have improved significantly since 2016, and a five-year high-salary bonus programme that significantly increased the rate of distribution was introduced at the end of last year, with a high return on cash dividends.
The carbon industry has increased its climate, along with the growth of coal production from within and out of the company, and the company ' s profitability has increased significantly in 2017 and remained high in 2018 and 2019. In 2019, the company ' s profitability has declined as coal prices have fallen. For 16 years, the company has been operating net cash.
At the end of 2020, the company splits its share of the money and agreed on the highest and longest-standing share of the coal-powered companies.
In 2021, the energy-chemicals hub was significantly higher than in 2021, and coal is expected to remain high in the medium to long term. In 2021, coal supply side-capacity released a clear contraction, new coal mine projects came into operation, inward production released, demand expanded in the wake of economic recovery, and supply and demand as a whole.
In the medium-to-long term, the legalization of surface production during the 13th Five-Year Period has led to a proliferation of supply margins;
Marginal contraction, with an average annual increase of 50 million tons or less, and about 30-40 million Sunda S.A. per year, about 30-40 million tons of natural depletion, plus continued deproduction; demand, even considering new energy sources
Instead, coal consumption during the 14th Five-Year Period was driven by the cyclical growth of the economy out of the epidemic.
It is hoped that the average annual increase of 43 million tons will be maintained in the previous period, and the industry is expected to maintain its high profile. Ton/year gold chicken beach coal table, company base syrup, improved production capacity as a result of the completion of the cementing process, and the launch of the Manfore coal mine (coal burning), company coal production in 2021 and 2022
The group's reserve capacity, backed by the New Shandong Energy Group, with a total output of nearly 300 million tons, is available for medium- and long-term asset injection. (2) The market does not fully value companies for more than 5 million tonnes/year of coal-producing and developing 1.2 million tonnes of chemical capacity: because most chemical assets were in 2020.
The bottom injection of listed companies has not yet been fully recognized and, with the current recovery of the overseas economy, the recovery of oil prices and a marked increase in the climate for chemical products, the elasticity of the corporate chemical panels vis-à-vis the performance of “Waluhingl, Jiangsuso P”; and (3) the “negative pressure” of the past to suppress company valuations.
“Walterpoint” returns have landed and companies' “package assets” have been digested and lightened; in the main, three trading companies, close to 100 billion in 2020, have been stripped off and actively disposed of financial assets to improve firm profitability; and, in the first phase,
The management equity incentive scheme is well under way, and further improvements in corporate governance are expected.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect net return profits for companies in 2020-2022 to be based on comparable corporate valuations of eight times and 15 times higher, respectively, for the coal and coal industry sectors.
Catalysts for share price: successful production in the construction of the chemical industry project; smooth processing of the coal mine in the pits and a smooth conversion of the mine; gradual increase in international coal prices, driven by oil prices (Australasia); continued increases or high prices for products such as coal, crude oil, acetic acid, methanol and ethanol.
Risk factors: “Epidemic” repeatedly stifles domestic and foreign economic recovery; capacity to produce or build projects is not as high as expected; risks of safe production accidents; safety regulations are tightening to limit coal production; company-owned coal and chemical industries have improved profitability and have seen a significant increase in dividends over the past 16 years.
1. The company is a local state corporation in Shandong Province, which was established in 1997 and listed in 1998 in three locations, New York, Hong Kong and Shanghai, respectively, by the Shandong State Finance Committee (SAC), and is the sole owner in the country.
For many years now, Chizhou Coal has evolved into an internationalized integrated energy group of Shandong, Xiaomong, and Australia's “three-legged” countries, with the combined power of scale, core technology, etc. at the top of the industry. For many years, it has been awarded 100% of listed companies and a class of disclosure companies; it has been elected to the 2019-rich China 500 and the global mining company.
As of the end of September 2020, the company owned 56.01 per cent of the shares directly and indirectly by the Mine Group, the company holding shareholders in the company, and the State Finance Committee of Shandong Province, which held 90 per cent of the shares in the company ' s hands, were effectively controlling the company. On 14 August 2020, the Mine Group merged with Shandong Energy Group Ltd. (“Sandong Energy”) and the Mine Group was to be renamed Shandong Energy in the future.
The company’s controlling shareholders will change to Shandong Energy, with no change in physical control, and will remain with the Shandong State Finance Committee.
2.1 The company's profits are derived mainly from coal and coal-chemical operations. The company is mainly involved in coal operations, combined with coal-chemicals and other operations, including rail transport, electricity and non-coal trade.
The acquisition of coal resources, the build-up of the non-coal trade, the growth of corporate gross revenues, gross profits and gross Maori rates, and corporate revenues derived mainly from non-coal trade and coal operations, which contributed $1.903 billion, or 6.81 per cent, and Māori, 1.43 per cent; corporate profits derived mainly from coal and coal.
Figure 6: Corporate Māori ratio (millions of yuan) 2.2, Coal business: resource abundance, high capacity, full coal cultivation, domestic and foreign trio distribution, 2.2.1 Coal in situ resources over 19 billion tons and production has expanded continuously in recent years to over 100 million tons
The company's coal operations are located both within and outside the country, with large reserves of resources and more than 100 million tons of coal production.
Operations abroad are mainly operated by the Luangzhou Coal Industry Australia Ltd. (“Academia”) and Qing Coal International Limited (“Single Coal International”), which, as of 2020q3, has an international standard assessment (jorc regulation) of 13.320 billion tons of in situ coal resources, coal.
In 2020, the mining sector in Mongolia increased its resources by 4,752 million tons; and showed that the coal mine in the future ' s energy base increased its in situ resources by 982 million tons, resulting in an increase of 982 million tons.
333 million tonnes (jorc standard). Coals are all grown, including power coal, blow-out coal, smoke-free coal, gas-based concentrate coal, mainly high-quality power coal and semi-soft coal, and have “three lows and three highs” (low ash, low sulphur, low phosphorus, high heat, high volatilization, high ash melting points).
At this point, the main global suppliers of high-quality power coal and semi-soft coal, which account for 64.6 per cent, 74.9 per cent, 76.3 per cent, 74.6 per cent, 77.6 per cent and 2151.3, 1953.1, 2215.4, 2326.1, 16665,000 tons, respectively, of which 35.4 per cent, 25.1 per cent, 23.7 per cent,
Figure 9: Coal distribution by company (million tons) since 2016. Based on data from 2019, the company ' s home office, the Australian base, contributed major profits, with great potential. Subregionally, merchandise coal production by the company ' s home office, the Lumong base and the Australian base in 2019 was 3389.7, 1940.8, respectively.
Subregional coal operations have the highest levels of profitability, with Māori in Shandong, at $353.60 per ton, and Māori at 54.87 per cent; Māori and Māori at base Australia, with Māori and Māori rates of 259.52 and 49.51 per cent, respectively; and Māori and Māori at base Hong Kong, with low levels of productivity and low profitability, with Tāori and Māori rates of 75.59 and 31.51 per cent, respectively.
The Māori contribution of the company ' s coal business was 49.66 per cent in 2019, 6.08 per cent in Changmongi and 44.26 per cent in Australia, and the impact of the scale of the increase in the use of sulfur coal mines and trenches will result in a marked spread of tons of coal from the base.
2.3. Coal industry: ownership of three industrial chains of methanol, acetic acid, coal liquefied oil.
The Shareholders ' Congress considered and adopted the purchase of seven asset packages of the Mine Group in cash of approximately 18,355 million yuan in cash, including future energy and Lunan Chemical, which greatly expanded the product categories of the company ' s coal-based chemical products.
(1) 2nd Methanol Project, 2021. The company's Methanol business is mainly run by subsidiaries, Ordos Energy and elmol Energy.
Tons/years of methanol and 500,000 tons/year dmnn (of which 100,000 tons/year). Phase II is targeted at product refinement, with coal-based ethanol being distilled in more diversified industries, mainly for polyester production; dmnn is a downstream product of methanol, an extension of the corporate coal-chemical industrial chain, an environmentally friendly solvent and clean energy source
(2) The higher profitability of the company's methanol business is affected by the fall in international oil prices, which have been falling year after year since 2018, with the respective prices for 2018 to 2020q3 being 2.3.2 and Lunan Chemical being the third largest acetic producer in China
As a Luanan Chemical, a 53-year-old developer, who is located in the country’s leading innovative coal-based new materials enterprise, the company acquired Luanan Chemical to extend the industrial chain and achieve business synergy. In the area of disaggregation, Luanan Chemical is one of the few companies in the country that have mastered the technology of polydehyde production, with a capacity of 80,000 tons.
The country’s second largest producer, with nearly 10 polydehyde plates, has rapidly grown into an important supplier of engineering plastics and plastic alloys in the country, with an overall operational effect, product consumption, and profitability at the national level. In addition, Lunan Chemical has a capacity of 1 million tons of acetic acid per year, the country’s top three.
Acid operations totalled $833.62 per ton, with a Māori rate of 33.47%; slightly less than Wallu Hisung Lit, but significantly higher than the Soyo Group and Jiang Soup.
As the prices of chemical products tend to warm, Lunan Chemical has begun to make a marked improvement in profits. 2.4. Other operations: mainly non-coal trade, large harvests and low profit contributions. Other company operations are mainly non-coal trade, rail transport, electricity, machine and electrical equipment manufacturing and heat operations, which were collected in 2019.
136,869 million yuan, of which more than 90 per cent was earned from non-coal trade operations. Non-coal trading varieties involved large commodities such as electrolytic copper, oil, steel, iron ore and chemical products.
Since the supply-side reforms in 2016, the coal industry has seen an increase in the climate, coupled with an increase in the production of coal from within and out of the company, with a marked increase in corporate profitability in 2017 and high levels in 2018 and 2019. The firm’s steady growth in 2019, with a marked decline in cost and interest-bearing liabilities over the period, reflects the company’s ability to control its costs and liabilities.
Since 2016, the net operating cash flow of companies has increased in tandem with net profits, while cash/business income from sales of goods and services has remained at about 110 per cent, and the company ' s capacity to operate has remained at a better level.The cash share of the company has remained at around 35 per cent since 2016, with a special annual rate of interest in 2019, with a year-round red ratio.
The total annual cash share allocated shall be about 50 per cent of the company's net profit for the year after the statutory reserve has been deducted (the original share was about 35 per cent), and at the same time it is agreed that each share of the cash share shall not be less than 0.5 yuan.
The coal sector is expected to maintain a high profile, the “middle carbon” and expected debt overhang pressure, and the coal supply is shrinking marginally. Since the supply side reforms in the coal sector began in 2016, the concentration of the industry has gradually increased.
Large coal-producing enterprises are concentrated, with the number of large and medium-sized mines having risen from 23 per cent to 48 per cent since the supply side reform, and production capacity from 84 per cent to 93 per cent. Second, the proportion of production in the Shun Xinjiang region has increased from 67.8 per cent in 2015 to 76.86 per cent in 2020.
Currently, the debt ratios of sample coal companies are still high, and debt service pressures remain high. At the price of coal from 2017 to 2019, the net operating cash flow of coal companies has been able to cover capital spending and interest costs.
Figure 31: Reduction in the overall debt ratios of coal enterprises since 2016 Figure 32: Total liabilities of coal enterprises have continued to rise since 2016 (in billions of yuan). In 2018, the Central Office of the Central Communist Party of China and the Office of the State Council issued guidance on strengthening the restraint of the asset liabilities of State-owned enterprises.
The priority line is 76.1%, so we believe that the objective of reducing the debt of state-owned coal enterprises is to reduce the asset-liability ratio to 70% below, and the task of deleveraging remains daunting, limiting the space for capital spending by large state-owned coal enterprises. On 22 September 2020, the Secretary-General of Xue presented our CO2 emissions at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly at its seventy-fifth session.
Over the years, and 40 years after carbon peak in 2030, the decline in total coal consumption has been largely determined. Without cost advantages for new coal deposits, it is difficult to have a competitive advantage in the “neutral” direction of the coal industry, leading to a narrow spatial trend in the coal sector. So, large coal companies are more cautious about building new coal mines, mostly for “continuing” rather than expanding.
In response to the country's “carbon-neutral” policy orientation, a major effort was made to deploy new energy sources, new materials industries and expand the “second curve” of enterprise development. gb50215-2015 Code of Design for Coal Industry Mines, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This is a marked improvement, with a reduced return on investment expected, and a declining willingness on the part of coal companies to invest in coal mines. New coal mines were gradually built and delivered during the “13th Five-Year” period, with new approvals and increased production gradually declining, and the drying up of mine resources in the central and eastern parts of the country will inevitably lead to a gradual decline in supply growth over time.
At the end of demand, the average annual increase in coal consumption during the period “145” was approximately 42.7 million tonnes/year, while the increase in electricity consumption in our society as a whole has been sustained over the past decade, with large fluctuations in the rate of increase and/or increase in the rate of increase during the period “13th Five”. The elasticity factor for electricity consumption is related to the structure of the industry, with the average consumption factor for secondary electricity by industry.
Less than 1 and currently at a peak platform period; the average elasticity factor for three-generation electricity consumption is greater than 1 and is accompanied by high-energy information, technological developments, and the elasticity factor for three-generation electricity consumption is on the rise. Over the last 10 years, the share of three-productions in gdp has risen year by year and is projected to be “145,” a trend that is expected to continue.
Prospective additions, the elasticity coefficient for electricity consumption during the 14th Five-Year Period is expected to fall back on the 13th Five-Year Plan to an average of 10 years' worth of water. Figure 38: The tertiary sector's share of gdp continues to rise. From the power structure, during the 13th Five-Year Plan was characterized by “total growth, structural optimization”, non-fossil characteristics.
Rapid growth in energy power generation; accelerated restructuring of the “XIV” power source, with a boost in new energy generation. By the end of 2019, our total capacity had reached 2.01 billion kilowatts, of which 11.9, 3.6, 0.5, 2.1, 200 million kilowatts, or 59.2, 17.7, 2.4, 10.4, 10.2 per cent, were solar.
Electricity, nuclear power, and wind power are growing at a higher rate, increasing the share of power installed to nearly 40%. The latest commitment by my Government to reduce gas emissions in greenhouses will increase the rate of emission reduction in my country. The energy sector, especially electricity, is the easiest area to reduce under current technological conditions.
In 2025, the country's entire population is expected to use 8.8 trillion kilowatt-hours of electricity, an average annual increase of 3.49 per cent. (“135” annual increase of 5.53 per cent).
The development quality is further enhanced by a new pattern of domestic and international bicycles that are mutually reinforcing. The “10, 4 and 5” gdp is expected to grow at an average annual rate of 5.0%. A combination of factors such as the new crown epidemic, the international political and economic situation, industrial restructuring, and rising levels of gasification is based on the elastic coefficient method, which is expected to generate 88,000 electricity throughout the country in 2025.
With regard to hydropower and nuclear power, because of its long construction cycle, the capacity of the two types of power sources in 2025 has been largely determined, and conservatively estimated at 400 million kilowatts and 72 million kilowatts. Assuming wind power and a total photovoltaic loader of 1.08 billion kilowatts, of which the wind loader is 440 million kilowatts and the photovoltaic loader 640 million kilowatts.
At the same time, we expect that the number of hours spent on wind-water nuclear power will be no less than 2019, with coal generating power estimated at 5.62 trillion kWh in 2025, an increase of 6.36 per cent from 2020 and an annual average increase of 1.24 per cent, with an average annual increase in power-driven coal consumption of about 7:2025.
Combining the above analysis, the “145” coal industry has a basic balance of supply and demand in the early and mid-term, benefiting from a high base, a pivot ratio of coal prices stabilized at the upper “green zone” (570 yuan per tonne), or moved westwards due to economic cycles, seasonal reasons and supply patterns, leading to good corporate governance and a clear development strategy; and has an upturn and long-term growth capacity.
The founder and the core team were very motivated to achieve a number of counter-market expansions, and the secretary-general and chairman of the party in the Luangzhou Coal industry (Sangdong Energy Group), Lee Hee Yong, who is a leading cadre from the business community, is now a representative of the National People's Congress and has been included in the selection of the 50 most influential business leaders of China in the year 2020 (Ma Yun, Jung-feng, Wang Shifu),
Matten, Guo Tai-jung, among others, was also elected, and as the first leader of the coal industry was awarded the Asian Quality Award 2020: Ishikawa-Kinno Award (previously, Chinese scholars and entrepreneurs such as Liu Xuan Zhang, Director General of the Chinese Engineering Academy, Song Zhiping, Chairman of the China Building Materials Group, Xu Xu and Soo, Chairman of the North Gas Group, and Dong Min-joo, Chairman of the Gulqing Group).
Under the leadership of the core leaders, in recent years, the Luangzhou coal industry, through counter-cyclical investment and M&As, has managed to cross, reverse and become the highest state-owned coal enterprise in terms of output and profits from the sub-provincial coal industry. In the 2011-2015 sub-cycle, companies actively transferred industrial distribution regions, and coal prices have fallen sharply.
In the context of the extensive cut-off in the industry, companies have continued to counter-cyclically invest in the development of mines in the west and have successfully completed off-cycle asset mergers and acquisitions, releasing cash flows in the industry landscape. Figure 43: Other corporate business revenues, Māori and Māori rates since 2017 (billions of yuan)
In the future, coal production is expected to continue to grow through in-house drilling and extended M&As, mainly from the following five parties (2) with the production of the MKW (1/3 of coal, 1.8 million tonnes/year) in 2021; (4) with the control of the Mongolian Mining Group, opening up the company ' s long-term development space
In October 2020, the company participated in the Inner Mongolia Mining Group Replenishment Project through an open roll-out by the Inner Mongolia Property Trading Centre, which received 51 per cent of the Inner Mongolia Mining Group ' s equity in the $3.96 billion Replenishment. The proposed Replenishment is not expensive. Inner Mongolia Mining Group has three coal mine prospecting rights with a combined resource of 6.611 billion tons, with a combined capacity of 25 million tons.
The company's coal reserves and business space have been enriched. (5) Relying on the country's second largest coal enterprise: Shandong Energy Group, with a trend towards greater securitization of assets, the company is expected to continue its M&A of high-quality coal assets.
Reorganization. The reconfigured Shandong Energy Group, which produced 280 million tons of coal in 2020, as the sole coal industrial integration platform of the Shandong Energy Group, is expected to sustain its ongoing merger and acquisition of high-quality coal assets in the context of the current trend to increase securitization of assets.2 The continued expansion has made it more difficult to reduce indebtedness, but the company has actively reduced its liabilities and financial costs.
The company’s debt burden has been rising rapidly since 2010, with its location at the Australian and Limong Bases. But in 2018 and 2019, when expansionary capital spending was relatively low, the company seized window periods and made a net repayment of interest-bearing debt of $9.2 billion over two years, with which it actively restructured its debt structure and reduced its financial costs.
3 Focus on the main industries, stripping non-coal trade operations and non-core financial assets 3.1, stripping non-coal trade operations The board of directors of the company approved the sale of two non-coal trade operators to the Mine Group in March 2020: “Single Coal International Trading Company”
The Japanese Shareholders Assembly approved the company to waive the priority of Replenishment Hainan Smart Logistics to achieve a 10% equity transfer from 51% to 10% of the shareholding. The above three trading entities earn close to $100 billion a year in sales and contribute to the net profits of the company, but after completing the removal of the non-coal trading plate, the company’s revenue will decline significantly, but the profitability index and the company’s operations do.
There will be a more tangible improvement in the qualitative aspects of the situation. In 2015, the Mine Group was transformed into a state-owned capital investment holding company, with a shift from a purely business-oriented to a business-oriented approach to the coal industry, with a view to using finance to promote real-estate development, which led to the company’s involvement in a range of financial industries.
Since 2020, companies have adjusted their development strategies, failing to include the financial sector in the main portfolio, following up on the cessation of incremental investments in the area of financial assets, and planning to strip away non-core financial assets.4 The first equity incentive scheme in the industry has been successful and the level of corporate governance is expected to increase further.
In December 2018, the company released a draft equity incentive scheme (first example of the coal industry): the scheme offered 46.6 million stock options to 499 incentive recipients, representing about 0.95% of the total equity of the company. Incentives included company directors, senior managers, middle-level managers of the company, and core cadres of the company.
As at 26 February 2021, 1,192 million equity options had been transferred, and the implementation of equity incentives had effectively combined shareholder, corporate and operator interests for the long-term healthy development of the company.
We are mainly projecting data on our own coal and chemical industries. (1) In 2021, the company also showed gold chicken beach coal mines, which increased the company ' s own coal production by 15 million tons; (2) 1.8 million tonnes per year in 2021, with production expected to begin in 2022.
(3) The projected completion of 12 million tonnes/year of production capacity in tiling coal in 2022, with an increase in capacity utilization resulting in an increase in production by 2 million tons in 2022.The average market price of q5,500 power coal in the port of Qin Island in 2020 was 571 yuan/ton, a decrease of 2.71 per cent in the same year; and newc in 2020.
The average price of the power coal market was $60.38 per ton, a decrease of 22.28 per cent, and we assumed that the company ' s price of goods sold in 2020 was consistent with market price fluctuations, while, based on our findings of the domestic and foreign coal industry, conservatively assumed that the company ' s price of coal sold back to 2019 levels in 2021 and 2022.
In summary, we expect that in 2020-2022, the average prices for the sale of coal from companies will be 463, 489 and 490 tons, respectively, with (2) sales prices, and the cost of the company's coal-chemical products, the main raw materials being coal and methanol. Coal and methanol are all out-purchased, and prices vary by reference to market prices.
In 2020, the price of coal and chemical products fell significantly in response to the “epidemiological” shock, and the company's rates of coal and chemical industry Māori and Māori are projected to decline in 2020.
There was a marked improvement in 2022, based on the fact that coal production and the chemical products class/production continued to grow after prices were largely flat, leading to further increases in corporate revenue and Māori. The increase in production of chemical products based on corporate coal and chemical products was mainly due to an increase in capacity utilization or extension of production projects, use and sale.
There is some synergy between sales, we assume that the sales and management rates are the same as in 2019. Financial costs are measured on the basis of interest-bearing liabilities and the cost of corporate debt.
The net profit data for each branch of Lu, considering that the company owns 100 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings for the chemical industry ' s Ordos and ellipse and Lunan Chemical plants, and that the company holds 75 per cent of the future energy stock. The minority shareholders in the chemical industry have more rights than the coal companies of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
As of March 1, 2021, comparable coal companies projected by Pe for 2020 and 2021 consider the coal and coal industry for 2021 with a higher degree of certainty than before, and the company ' s high-quality coal production, table 17: Value of the company ' s branch
(i) “Epidemic” repeatedly suppresses economic recovery, both domestic and foreign; (ii) productive capacity in production or in construction projects is not as high as expected; (iii) risk of safe production accidents;
(4) Security regulation has become more restrictive in coal mining production.Ko Wing Ming, Doctor of Mining University of China (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Society of Geological Minerals and Economics, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Sindha Operational Audit Advisory Centre and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association
Research and advisory services in coal and energy-related fields. Over the years 2019, research on large energy plates has been conducted.
Zhou Jie, Master of Science and Research at the General School of Coal Science, Master of Science at the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017, where the Chief Researcher in the coal industry took stock of value investment opportunities from the basics of the industry. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2020, where he studied the coal industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.