Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Industry continues to be high, mcu+dram brings a long-term increment norflash: prices are still in a rising cycle, process switching brings a Māori uplift; 1) downstream demand continues
The advantage has been transformed into a market advantage + a management market forward-looking +fabless model to respond to fast-changing emerging markets with a more flexible share of the three main advantages; 3) 65 nm to 55 nm switch to product self-researched dram products: market position + process advantage + long-term productivity security, with huge scope for growth; 1) from
Research ddr4 has been launched, mainly in the field of security and entertainment electronics, and is currently being developed at 19 nm, 1. China's Storage “Key” Hope-Master-Innovation Depth (US$ billion); 2) in the area of capacity: a certain share of long-term capacity has been achieved, with a high degree of certainty of capacity; 3)
Deficiencies: The company is currently the only niche dram manufacturer in the continent and has an advantage over the system 2. Q1 Performance is bright and is expected to grow at a high-mega-rapid rate throughout the year (the process is around 20 nm), and process advantages bring cost advantages, adding national production to the overall supply chain
Progress is expected to result in a significant increase in the share of income from self-researched dram products in 22-23 years. 3. Multi-operational zira, q3 performance growth is higher than expected - mcu: 21 years of income is expected to double and national production replacement is accelerating; 1) volume of goods delivered: as of April of this year
Cumulatively 600 million shipments are expected to reach more than 300 million this year (about 200 million last year); and 2) 4. "Miguri Innovation First Cover Report - Storage Microcontrol Full Prices: Mcu Prices have been raised in January and April of this year, supply and demand mismatches persist and q3 is expected to continue to rise.
Vendor production is tight and national production replacement is accelerating; car regulation mcu is expected to produce in the near future at the end of the year, vehicle chip deficit plus prior noor validation experience is expected to shorten the certification cycle, and high-māori grade products are expected to contribute to revenue from 22 to 23 years.
In view of the clear upward trend in the prices of noor and mcu products, Mcu national production replacements have accelerated, while revenue from the sale of the compost long-dram products is expected to increase significantly over the 21 years.
The year is 65 times the year, and continues to maintain a “buy-in” rating. The introduction of new products has fallen short of expectations; the risk of restricted shares being released; and the risk of a United States-sanctioned fatty.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment