q1 ' s performance exceeded expectations on 27/04/2021, looking at year-round growth.
The company published a quarterly report, which collected $1.604 billion in the first quarter of 2021 and returned to the mother $301 million in net profit, an increase of 79.43 per cent over the same period and 45 per cent over the ring.
Performance is expected to increase significantly, and new production can ensure new growth The company has achieved a record high in the first quarter of the year, with net profits approaching a record high in the third quarter of the year 2020, and a ring growth of close to 50%. Corporate performance has increased significantly, mainly as a result of flash products, mcu
Market value in circulation (millions): God, it's been the fastest level since it was listed. We believe that the main bottleneck that currently affects corporate revenue is that the new production capacity is expected to contribute in two quarters, with the noorflash running from 65nm.
The shift in 55nm, and the opening up of more new capacity, has led to quarterly growth in performance throughout the year.
In terms of size, demand for mcu from iot and various types of equipment continues to increase; in terms of city occupancy, the whole ball is short, and companies can demonstrate competitiveness in terms of ecology, product maturity, customer trust, and speed up the process of replacing overseas products.
Hemooxygens,rmostats, etc.), industrial groups (plc controls, electricity meters, light communications, etc.), and car regulation products are also being developed in an orderly fashion, and sales are expected to continue to increase significantly, along with industry price increases.
Yearly performance is expected to increase significantly, and future developments are equally promising.Likidram, published as a new driver of performance growth.ddr44gb or less, can all be called a lithic dram product.
National Dollar Securities Sector Strategy — Electronic Sector Strategy Report 2021: Electricity accounts for 10-15 per cent of the total Dram market, close to $10 billion, the original Noorflash sub-industry innovation and restructuring 2020.11.30.
Three times the $3 billion, and now the competitors are mostly South Asia, China, and others. The company is expected to do a little rating-mega-renovation at the dollar securities firm (603986): downstream demand is high, 19 nmddr4 products are launched in the second quarter, and 17 nmdddr3 products are launched in the second half of the year, against competition.
By adopting the 19/17nm process, a firm is more competitive than by doing so, and is expected to take advantage of the market quickly, against the backdrop of current demand and supply constraints. Because of the bright performance of the company in the first quarter, and because of the company’s performance, the company is being sold as a dram product.
Taking things into account, we've revised the company's profit forecast for the period 2021-2023, which is expected to result in more demand downstream than expected; new production is not expanding as expected; new product markets are not expanding as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.