The q4 Māori rate suffered a short-term setback, and the card advantage remained significant.
• Business performance continued to be excellent, and the card position remained significant, benefiting from high demand in consumer-type markets and the sale of new products. In 2020, the company generated $4,497 million in operating income, a 40.39 per cent increase in the same year, and a 1,323 million increase in the same year in the 2020q4 company.
In 2020, the net profit from the non-mortality was 683 million yuan, an increase of 20.85 per cent. Considering the three broad paths of corporate card cores, microcontrols and sensors, we fine-tuned the profit forecast for 2021-2022 and added to it, influenced by large clients q3, changes in exchange rates and changes in product structure, and the Māori ratio of 2020q4 was derived from the Māori ratio.
At the same time, as the company’s nor process evolves from 65 nm to 55 nm, the number of single crystal chip chips will increase by 20-50%, which will further increase the company’s Māori rate. • The deep-benefit climate for high-price elastic products, and self-research dram is on its way.
Because the company's storage chips and mcu are generic products, the high-spill view of downstream demand is expected to be in a price increase cycle; for mcu, the company's products are expected to benefit in depth from the high-simple view of the consumer market.
For self-research products, the company is expected to launch a 19nm desktop layout, cutting fingerprints into the new track ddr4 product, which will become a platform-based storage company.
Business income continued to grow at a high rate in 2020: benefiting from high demand in the consumer category, computers, etc., as well as from the volume of new products sold, and the company's storage chips and microcontrolr business receipts have increased significantly.
This led to an increase of $4,497 million in corporate operating income in 2020 and a 40.40 per cent increase in the same year. The impairment of Slim's goodwill has had a significant impact on net profits: as reported in the annual report, it was affected by the recognition of Slim's microperformance compensation of $191.9 million (non-recurring gains and losses), resulting in a net return to the mother of $881 million in 2020, a year-on-year increase.
Product enrichment and continued optimization of the collection structure: As microcontrols and sensors grow rapidly, the company’s collection structure is gradually optimized and product abundance continues to increase.
The increase in the share of dram chips in the low Māori rate has led to a slight decline in the Māori rate of storage chips; for sensor chips, changes in product structure and increased market competition have forced the Māori rate of sensor chips to decline (as reported in the annual report, the unit price of sensor chips in 2020 fell from $7.56 per unit in 2019 to $3.26 per unit).
202004’s performance was relatively good, but the net profit level was poor: benefiting from the high level of downstream demand, the 2020q4 company’s operating income was $1,323 million, a 32.42 per cent increase in the same year, and a 12.73 per cent decline in the ring.
A significant decline in the Māori rate of 2020q4 and a gradual recovery in Māori levels is expected: a significant increase in the low Māori rate, a decline in the Māori rate of the sensor chip and a change in the structure of the neor chip product combined with a significant increase in the price of the storage chip and a significant increase in mcu sales
Storage chip and mcu chip collection both grew at a high rate: benefiting from high demand in consumer-type markets and from the sale of new products, the company store chip collection increased by 28.45 per cent in the same year in 2020, and the mcu harvest increased in the same year; stock chip sales dropped slightly and unit prices increased significantly: benefiting from the rapidity of terminal equipment, as shown in figure 9
The sale of interrogatories and high unit prices of dram products, some optimization of the company’s storage chip product structure, high capacity, higher product share, led to a significant increase in the company’s storage chip unit price. mcu sales increased significantly, and unit prices continued to decline: because the company’s mcu is a generic product, in mcu
With the rapid increase in sales, the company ' s mcu unit price continued to decline from 2015 to 2020, but Mcu ' s large cost-control capacity was significant.3 The depth of high-price elastic products benefits from the weather cycle
Warming from storage plants augurs well for a gradual recovery in the storage market: noor, slcnand and lithotic drams of the highlights of the innovation are cyclical products influenced by supply and demand, and the speed of rotation. As shown in figures 11 and 12, the level of commercial revenue from dram and Nand equipment plants since the second quarter of 2020
We believe that the storage plant's recovery reflects the weight of the storage market, such as that of Samsung, Hercules, Light, etc., and that this time the large recovery of the storage equipment augurs well for the future needs of the storage chip manufacturer.
The new storage chip camp harvest will benefit in depth from the high profile of downstream demand. The mcu market is recovering, with 32 trends continuing: according to the projections of icinsights, the high intensity of downstream demand and the rapid pace of product rotation are expected to emerge from the global mcu market in 2021-2023.
Continued expansion. As shown in figure 14, global mcu products are gradually upgrading to 32 bits as the end-equipment function continues to improve, and the 32-bit focus of the mcu product, which suggests that the mcu, which is a sign of innovation, responds to global trends in mcu products.
The company is a leading manufacturer in the domestic storage of chips and microcontrols. We believe that the storage chip market is a high-quality track for continuous expansion, but it is subject to a growing trend of concentration of the storage chip producers and the continued rise in the storage chip market, the growing barriers to entry, and the struggle of national producers in the mainstream storage chip market.
In the chip market, the mega-treasuries choose to overturn and avoid face-to-face competition with international champions, while, with the rapid growth of emerging demand, such as tws, underscreen storage, the market size of the nior chip is expanding rapidly. Depending on the steady performance of the three operations: mcu, noor, slcnand, and so on.
Newly successful M&As have led to the successful completion of dram chip development, marketing, and future predictions will take off through multiple performance growth points. Upstream capacity supply continues to be tight, and company supply chain risks are uncertain;
(a) The high level of competition in the global microcontrol market and the need for companies to continuously optimize costs;