Storage and mcu enjoy downstream high-winding dividends, medium- and long-term growth prospects -- the 2020 edition of the Noorflash Review will be sustained and driven into the automotive sector to further open the second growth curve
The company launched a series of gd25/gd55b/t/x products with a domestic lead capacity of up to 2gb, representing the highest standards in the spinorflash industry, in which the gd25spinorflash product series fully meets the requirements for aec-q100 certification, and the collection level will increase further as future products are released.
With regard to the norflash process, the company is actively engaged in switching between 65 nm and 55 nm, which is currently produced in a full range of products. As the share of high-end products increases and the volume of process products is advanced, the lowest/highest in a year:
The narflash business is expected to further reduce its costs and contribute to the increase in the Māori rate.Dram expects to deliver 2021h1, focusing on niche markets, with clear programming advantages.Dram products are classified as substitute sales and self-researching, and composted products are sold starting in 2020.
It is also actively developing the 19nm/17nm process technology, designing and developing ddr3, lpddr3, ddr4, lpddr4 series dram chips, while continuing to promote a 12-inch crystal memory development project.
The product is expected to be launched in the first half of 2021, mainly for consumer-type niche markets such as ipc, tv. With dram entering the price-raising cycle, self-researching products are expected to increase the profitability of companies and share the benefits of the industry landscape.
The company ' s revenue in 2020 was 750 million yuan, a 70 per cent increase in the same year, and the company ' s output in 2020 was successful in the form of the gd32e232 series and the e507/e505/e503 series of mcu, the layout light module, etc., and continued with the development of the generic risc-vmcugd32v product series, which, in view of the availability of goods, was produced by the company.
Markets such as the Combination Workforce Control/Home Power/Cars, where car product mcu backloads are being supplied, preloads are being certified, while many other pre-winding projects are officially produced. Corporate product lines are becoming more abundant, branding and cost advantages are evident, benefiting from the continuous rise in national production substitution and downstream landscapes, and are expected to increase.
Mcu exports will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, driven by the Internet.
The company, as a domestic repository, has a rich variety of products, an optimal structure, a rapid growth of mcu, a heavy weight cut into the dram track, opening up a new space for growth. We expect the company to benefit from "h1 bright performance, storage plus components" 2021-2023.
“Very recommended” ratings should be maintained 68, 49 and 38 times, respectively. 2019 performance guidelines meet expectations and noor volume increases boost performance outbreak 2020-01-20
Performance outbreak 2019-10-30