Noorflash hit high-end markets, and the mcu cut-off point has reached noorflash: short-term flash prices have increased the price of the crystal round, long-term high-end energy, storage operations have generated 3.3 billion yuan, or 28 per cent more; the Māori rate is 35 per cent, and 3.9 pt, mainly dram.
1) Long-term perspective: US production continues to be withdrawn, companies are high-powered to fill the void, and now the Car Code is being rolled out. And the crucifixing process is largely stagnant at 45 nm and now stands at 65 nm ~ 55 nm, on the oasis side. In addition, in 2021/01, the company agreed to work with Huayong to solve the capacity constraint, adding 55 nm orders to the Huayun Tin 12 factory, which is producing capacity this year.
In the short term, by restructuring the product & terminal client rate, the price of the crystal round rises. And the flash is currently available at mcu: Substitution of national production + transition from certification to mass production, with high growth in 21 years \triangleright
1) The company's two paths, one of mature ecology from overseas companies and the development of the gd32 series based on the armcorpexm core, are based on value for money, and the other on the collapse of the risc-v architecture, which was launched in 2019.
The dram layout has entered the harvest for many years, new products have been released for 2021h1 and the company has begun to market the product, with 300 millionaire equity chief swirling and a combination of 0.85% equity.
The brand dram is expected to be launched in 2021h1 for consumer-type niche markets such as ipc, tv, which account for about 10 per cent of the total size of the dram, and in 2019 the cities of South Asia, China, Light, Samsung and Hercules accounted for 2.
DG: q3 shows a high growth in performance, with 1 xnm of products in short supply and 25 nm in excess of that in Wah. The latest pettm valuation is 80 times, and we believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating.
China and the United States are experiencing an increase in trade friction, with large clients delivering less than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.