Center for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
q1 performed well and was expected to grow high throughout the year. On April 28, a quarterly report was released, with 21q1 earning $1.604 billion, +99.13 per cent, +0.13 per cent, +79.43 per cent, +277 million, +85.50 per cent.
q1 performed well and high R & D inputs formed a positive cycle. 21q1 achieved revenues of $1.604 billion, compared to +99.13 per cent and net profit returns of $3.01, compared to +79.43 per cent. Both recovery and net profits grew faster than Bloomberg.
In addition, 21q1 R&D 2. MIG first-time coverage report - storage microcontrols
The cost is as high as $158 million, +49.50 per cent of the year, companies increase the cost of employee equity incentives, lock in core workers, and continue to enhance R & D inputs, increase the cost of collaborative development and development of required software, and create a positive circle for companies and create technical barriers to high corporate core business.
There is a clear trend in good market demand over industrial chain price increases, and companies are expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year. 21q1 companies have savings and high contractual liabilities, which increase downstream demand. 1) netflash: due to a combination of high downstream demand and tight crystal yield capacity, the current trend in market nonflash price increases is clear and q2 companies are expected to increase.
Noorflash product increases by more than 10 per cent, new 55nm product orders have been made in collaboration with and actively expanding production, and noorflash operations are expected to grow rapidly throughout the year.) mcu: benefiting from the trend of domestic substitution and foreign owners to raise prices for mcu manufacturers (q1 increases by 10-20 per cent), company positive layouts of gd32 and initial sales based on
The 32 generic mcu products of the risc-v core are expected to increase in volume prices and accelerate the pace of national production substitution. 3) Dram: The company's self-research of 19 nmdram products is expected to deliver 21h1, targeting consumer niche markets such as ipc, tv, and leading other national producers in the process, and is expected to take the lead in breaking the foreign monopoly in the future.
The trend is clear, with high growth expected throughout the year. Overall, we believe that, with strong market demand and a rising price cycle in the industrial chain, companies are expected to increase their annual income and profitability significantly.
China-US competition in technology increases the risk: the risk of a secondary outbreak abroad: the risk of a major shareholder reducing the risk.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment