The main vehicle model continues to rise without the impact of the light season: the company published sales data for July, bringing total sales to 16.5 per cent for each business unit under the flag.
1. The long-term autonomous core vehicle will continue to rise without the impact of the light season. The new high-end unit-t series has reached 10,000 monthly sales, the ring upgrades are expected to challenge the future by 15,000 months, and the main force cs75 series, 21,000, of which cs75plus is expected to sell more than 15,000 per month, and the sedan fluorescent series.
The sales volume of 19,000 rings also continued to rise in June. 2 Autonomous core models guarantee future performance growth. Unit-t and cs75plus are far more profitable than other low-cost models in terms of their profitability.
The same increase in the monthly sales of sedan cars has also helped to boost their profitability, and the Chang Anfort structure continues to optimize.
Right, but Lincoln's adventurer, flight pilot, Ford's three-high-priced suv ratio continues. The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has been raised, and the product structure continues to be optimized.
4. Long Anfort will continue to be an important driver of growth. The market has not been able to see the long-favourable Chang An car (000625), which continues to sing, but recovers, but its improvements are subliminal. At the same time, sales are still low.
Ford continues to maintain a healthy stock - 2020/07/07 Ford cost management is commendable, and we expect that with the stability of the stage brand's slogans, Chang An (000625), the explorer will be on the market.
Ford's next step will be to go back to sales, when sales and performance elasticity will be highlighted.
Investment advice: The whole car is more flexible. There is a clear trend to start using car stops in the third quarter.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.