Automobiles and auto parts are on the move, and Ford continues to maintain a healthy stock: Chang An announced sales in June, an overall increase of 38.6 per cent over the same year.
1. Gravity series listings do not impact on cssuv. We expect to deliver about 0.7 million units-t in June, cs75 series remains above 20,000, cs55 and cs35 sales are relatively stable, so the Gravity brand listings do not compare with the original cs series.
The Gravity Series opens up a completely new customer market. After the Gravity Series target 90, the Young People's Market, which attracts customers with a more advanced shape and state-of-the-art car electronics, autopilots, creates an effective difference from the traditional long-assurance brand and opens up a whole new form of self-reliance.
The customer market, which is also expected to lead Chang-Aun to continue to outpace the growth of the market, is a matter of concern. More than 15,000 cars of the Pluusa class were sold in June, maintaining a better sales position.
The main niche market of 4,803/4,803 is more difficult to break through. But running plus depends on product strength not only on total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Good sales have been made, and the price range as a whole has risen, making the compact sedans a new growth area for future self-sustaining growth.4 Long Anfort Rings have fallen slightly, but they remain healthy.
Chang An's car (000625) "The explorer's on the market, Chief Fuzzy, Anfort's wholesale sales are down 22,000 rings from May, and we expect the end sales performance to accelerate in June" -- 2020/06/16.
It'll be better than wholesale sales, and the pipeline stock will be reduced to the level of good profit for the distributors.
Investment proposals: The whole vehicle is more flexible, and three quarters of the data on moving in by car into the industry, “True as the front-runner for industrial recovery” - 2020/05/05 net profit of $4 billion and $6 billion, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.