The same-year-old growth, with the un-t month of self-owned new car, is down by 10,000 - July 2020 sales point.
Autonomy, Chang Anfort and Pygmies, un-t monthly sales broke out of thousands of cars, and since April of this year, corporate brands and joint ventures have continued to grow. (1) With regard to autonomous brands, according to company data, Chang An was a Chinese branded car in July.
The sales amounted to 12.35 million vehicles, representing an increase of 49.9 per cent over the same period, of which the number of new un-t vehicles that were on the market at the end of June was over 10,000, while the sales of the main vehicles, cs75, fugitive, cs55, remained high, reaching 21,400, 18.7 and 0.76 million respectively.
The blue whale version has started to be pre-sold, and it is expected that the new cycle of corporate ownership will continue, that the extended family model of the blue whale and the improved product spectrum of the new high-end product series, uni, will be the main shareholders (2020.6.18).
Further opening up the development space for corporate ownership, with high growth expected to continue. (2) In the joint venture, with 21,700 vehicles sold in July by Chang Annford, an increase of 20.22 per cent compared to the previous year, the Chang Ann Ford accelerated program is now moving forward, with sharpness, explorers, Lincoln Adventurers, Lincoln Flight.
Homes are on the market to solve the problem of the ageing of the long Anfort vehicles; the sales of the long Anjodas are generally stable, and the income structure (2019) was 119,000 vehicles sold in July, an increase of 3.11 per cent compared to the previous year.
The engine cx-30 and Anksela are listed in September, or will effectively improve the competitiveness of the product. Equity Incentives schemes have a wider reach, guaranteeing the long-term development of the company.
No more than 1,292 persons, including senior managers and core technical and operational cadres, have been granted a wide range of rights incentive schemes that help to motivate staff and safeguard the company ' s long-term development.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is responsible for producing this report independently and objectively and for ensuring that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately and that no third part of the conclusions are drawn.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.