Selectable car and car parts. Gravitation sequences are often active, but high-endization goes beyond gravity. Event: Beijing Car Fair, Chang An has released a second type of high-end gravity series.
1. High-end sequence gravity has a high frequency of power. Visionv continues the appearance of the gravitational front guard. Design style, no grid front face, etc., makes it less technical than a luxury electric car, and we expect the price range to fall to 14-16 million and to be on the market in November at the Guangzhou Car Fair.
The success of the high-end gravitational sequence reflects the strength of long-term self-help car-making and product targeting. Unitt-t has been sold more than many people’s expectations, individualized and rejuvenated branding strategies have been very effective, and the prospects for sales of visibilityv are bright, with high-gravity sequences and high-end sequences.
The long-term brand will have the effect of 1+1>2. Total stock/flow (million shares) 3, high-end excess-step and gravitational sequences.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Listed, branding, price positioning will be completely independent of other product lines at a maximum/minimum level of 12 months
Chang-Ann's current motor vehicle shortboards. Chang-Aon's main vehicle (000625) is free from the light season, 4 product power, R & D support multi-brand strategies, which will guarantee the next two years.
O'Shan is a low-end, Chang An is a middle-end, gravitational is a high-end Chang An car (000625).
Ford continues to maintain a healthy stock - 2020/07/07 Chang An (000625) " Adventurers on the market, Fortune " - 2020/06/16
5. Investment strategy. Although the value of the company has improved considerably, we believe that the company itself is subdued by billions of dollars and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.