The Sini Shan Consortium, the Chang An vehicle (000625.sz) works together in a joint venture to restore its performance as a whole.
In the first half of 2020, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic increased the pressure on the industry, followed by the improved control of the epidemic, the continued warming of the car market, the firm's chances of recovering from the epidemic, the consistent growth of the q2 car sales, and the combination of the company's efficiency gains.
By 2020h1, the company ' s operating income and net profit return were increased by 9.73%, 216.17%, 25.91pt, 455.33pt, and by 2019h1, respectively, with autonomous joint ventures, with sales continuing to lead the industry. By 2020q1, the company ' s monthly vehicle sales were equal.
The drop is lower than the same drop in the national car sales, q2, the beneficiary company's own brand, the joint venture, the car sales, which have been growing at a very high rate, April-May, the company's sales grew by 1.3%, and the sales have outperformed the market.
The sale of 308,000 vehicles resulted in a 1.2 per cent increase in the same year, with Occhan ' s bulk sales increasing by 7.7 per cent, the average single series breaking by 20,000 for three consecutive months, vagabonding pluss breaking by 10,000 for three consecutive months, and the multi-carrying pattern showing remarkable performance.The joint venture, according to Chang Anfort, sold 97,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, a 29.7 per cent increase in the same year, and listed Ford.
A large number of new cars, such as a sharp car, a Lincoln adventurer, a Ford explorer, continue to implement product regulations on the 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
In Beijing, sales are continuing at a high rate of growth in China China, 28 Sinlyze Street, in the West Side of Beijing.
On the one hand, Chang Anjian, a car-based innovation, and Shanxi Securities Inc. constructs a “Long An Live Room” for transmission straight to the new generation of consumers, with un-t covering the world.
Thirty-eight districts live live, expanding the scope of the new retail layout through the panorama and boosting marketing efforts through the “residence of cars.” On the other hand, companies have continued to accelerate the implementation of the Beidou Sky Constabulary and Shangri-La programmes to deepen public awareness.
The Division is in the middle of an emerging field, such as car intelligence, where at the heart of the Beidou Sky Constellation's intelligent strategy - the Chang An Global Software Center (GSMC) is in Cedar Data Valley, Ben-e-Star reaches 301 km of nedc construction and 30 minutes of straight flow speed, and the first carbon fibre car is off-line in a pure electric sedan.
cs75plus is carrying an i-intelligent thermal imaging system. With improved marketing channels and the continued landing of innovative technologies, it is expected to further improve the competitiveness of the company's products, assist the company's automobile sales, and the company continues to build classic models, as well as solidly promote the new energy sources, Shangri-La, and intelligent North.
The Doo-Sung program, which actively breaks through smart technologies, new energy technologies, and expands marketing channels, maintains a “buy-in” rating of 11.46 and 10.80, respectively, in 2021. The car industry has a less-than-expected outlook; industrial policy has been significantly adjusted; and sales of new vehicles are less than expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.