The power of the Idm road, the power of the semiconductor, the growth of the future, the leading semiconductor of the Idm company, the operational power of the semiconductor of the future.
The company is a leading domestic semiconductor enterprise and has now formed business plates (mainly power semiconductor devices mosfet, igbt, diodes, etc.), integrated circuits (mainly ipm, mcu, mems sensors, power sources, management chips, digital audio video circuits, etc.), led chips and extensions, which are domestic product lines.
The best semiconductor Idm manufacturer. The company's first 12-inch power line of Idm manufacturers in the country, with constant power and semiconductor plates, is firmly on the path to Idm. We expect the company to return to its mother base in 2020-2022 and improve its performance in a variety of ways.
The company’s historical net return profits fluctuated considerably, mainly as a result of the reduced profit margins of Led’s operations and the high depreciation pressure on the 8-inch line. At this stage, the company’s fundamentals are improving: the share of Led’s business income relative to the total is declining, and the impact is gradually decreasing; the company’s capital expenditure has declined for two consecutive years, with 8-inch line capacity.
In the long run, business will become more focused as companies increase their investment in power semiconductors; large funds will be introduced as shareholders in the company, highlighting the country’s will and looking at the company’s long-term development.
● The power semiconductor national production space is vast, the company's layout is perfect, its feet are solid, and its depth is expected to benefit. The power semiconductor market is wide, and according to ihs, the global power semiconductor market reached $40.3 billion in 2019. The multi-purpose applications of new energy vehicles, transformer power, aiot, etc. will also drive the industry to lose the ceiling.
The top 10 producers, which currently account for 60% of the market share of global power semiconductors, are overseas producers, and there is a wide range of national alternatives. Under the influence of geopolitical events such as China, China, China, and others, semiconductor autonomy has become a need, and domestic firms have opened their windows for certification of national products.
The national epidemic is well under control, and the advantages of domestic supply chain security are expected to contribute to the process of nationalization of semiconductors with less than expected capacity; less than expected demand; increased industrial competition and lower Maori rates.
In our view, the company ' s past performance has been hampered by two factors: the construction of 8 inches of line capacity and the low profitability of the luminous diode business, which are showing signs of marginal improvement: the closing of the first 8 inch of the production line, the uninterrupted increase in capacity utilization, the flat cost of flat unit products; and the downward trend in capital spending and equipment growth, the size of the harvest.
Growing, depreciation pressure is expected to diminish; corporate emitting diodes have been on a declining basis since 2017, and companies are investing their main resources in semiconductor-related projects, with a more focused business. The impact of unemitting diodes on company performance is expected to decline further, with a combination of current industry highs.
In our view, companies continue to have high R & D inputs, with higher R & D rates than their counterparts over the years, reflecting the importance that companies attach to R & D. As a result, the company ' s igbt module has entered car regulation customers, leading the country; the white ipm module, breaking overseas monopolies, selling more and more among well-known home brand customers, reflecting a strong competition for company products.
(3) Market expectations: the aggressive expansion of the company ' s crystalline has placed unnecessary pressure on the company ' s business, and we think: the company is deeply aware of the importance of the Idm model for power semiconductors, is not afraid of the production lines, is building short-term pains for the company ' s performance, is firm and forward-looking.
The product relies on a platform process with its own crystalline, and the construction of 8 inches and 12 inches provides an opportunity to upgrade the structure and quality of the product of the company. Moreover, in terms of the time window, domestic customers, for reasons of supply-chain security, are opening a certification window for domestic manufacturers. With the lead production line layout, the company is expected to seize the opportunity.
Substitution by beneficiary countries accelerates and achieves substantial growth.
The company was founded in 1997 and was primarily involved in the design, sealing and marketing of integrated circuits.
The company has continued to expand its product lines in more than 20 years of development and has now formed operational panels (mainly power semiconductor devices mosfet, igbt, diodes, etc.), integrated circuits (mainly ipm, mcu, mems sensors, power management chips, digital audio and video circuits, etc.), led chip and extrapolated discs, etc.
In 2019, the company ranked among our integrated circuits, figure 1: the company has been expanding its product lines for more than 20 years, the company's powered semiconductor business has grown rapidly, and the device went beyond the integrated circuit business to become a company in 2012.
The first operating block, 2020h1, generated $921 million, representing 54.00 per cent of the total revenue. The company effectively controlled seven natural persons, Chen Dung, known as the "Slant Seven Kings", all of whom came from China and China, with long-term experience in integrated circuit design and manufacturing, held indirectly through Hangzhou Holdings.
In total, 43.08% of the shares in companies are held directly. The company is owned by people of the same origin, has worked closely together for years, has a consistent concept of public administration, and has a stable equity structure. 1.2. Production lines are gradually upgraded, leading to the production of 12 inches of power.
The company is firmly on the idm road, and the construction of the production line has long been ahead of other idm manufacturers in the country. The company's first 5/6 inch compatible line was launched in 2002, which is the first 6 inch crystal-crys manufacturing line to be built by private investors. The company has accumulated power semiconductors and integrated circuits.
The company’s first 8-inch crystalline, which was the country’s first 8-inch crystalline built by private investment, became operational in 2017. By June 2020, the company’s 8-inch line had reached 50,000.
In 2019, the company began construction on the 8-inch 2nd stage, which is planned to create an additional 432,000 pieces of 8-inch chip manufacturing capability. The company’s first 12-inch crystalline, which was also a relay to the Chinese rainbow semiconductor, began production at the end of 2020.
The 12-inch semiconductor crystalline, which was introduced in the country after 7 years, fully achieved the post-partum production capacity of 40,000 12-inch crystals per month. Unlike the Hualong semiconductor, the company is operating 12-inch crystal circle lines as an idm firm, reflecting the company’s vision of a power semiconductor.
The company’s long-term vision and step-by-step approach not only opens up space for the expansion of the company’s productive capacity, but also provides a firm foundation for upgrading the quality of its products and expanding its product categories. From an equipment perspective, large-scale crystallines are designed to be more advanced, automated and conducive to improved product performance and consistency; and from an efficiency and cost perspective.
The crystal circle is larger and allows more chips to be made, and the cost of a single chip is distributed. So 8 inches and 12 inches of domestic production are mainly used to make more complex designs like mosfet, gbt, etc., larger chips, higher power chips for performance and stability.
At the product level, therefore, companies used to rely on their 5/6 inch line for production, which is relatively low, and need to rely to some extent on price advantage to compete with their counterparts abroad and domestically. The 8 inch and 12 inch line construction provides an opportunity for companies to improve the quality of their products and expand their product categories, and companies are expected to move into better quality in the future.
In terms of the size of the capacity, the company is expected to become one of the largest Idm firms in the country with 8 inches and 12 inches of production, opening up the capacity gap for sustained growth of the company 1.3, operating income is growing steadily, and profits are expected to turn around.
1.3.1 Growth in revenue collection, with past profitability strongly affected by led and depreciation 12.7 per cent, however, the company has historically experienced greater fluctuations in net profit returns, mainly as a result of led business drags and loss of production lines.
In addition, depreciation of the company’s line of output has had a significant impact on the company’s profit margin. The company’s 8 inch crystalline line was built in 2016, with a total investment of about $2 billion in the first period, and the depreciation of the new asset against the profit margin.
Pressures: In 2016-2019, corporate depreciation pre-amortization profits showed an overall upward trend, while net profits showed a decline in figure 8: higher fluctuations in corporate profit margins in the company ' s led business, figure 9: higher impact of corporate depreciation on net profits
After the year’s rapid growth, which began to decline in 2019, the share of depreciation and amortization as a share of revenue is expected to decline. The company’s construction of the 8-inch second phase has begun, and the impact of subsequent depreciation on profit margins is expected to continue, but as the size of the public sector’s revenue increases, the impact of depreciation may be smaller than the 8-inch phase.
The large fund is intended to hold direct shares in the company, showing the company’s importance in the industry and the support and recognition of the company’s future development from the large fund. Slang is the company’s 8-inch crystalline operator, an important part-time subsidiary that controls the company.
The company issued a monthly announcement that it intended to purchase 19.51 per cent of the equity interest held in large funds and 20.38 per cent of the share in Slander. According to the company ' s December 31, 2020 announcement, the above assets are valued at $1,122 million, and the company will issue $8.235 million, or 6.28 per cent of the current stock.
Through this “share-for-equity exchange,” Kim will become the shareholder of the company’s subsidiary, and is expected to provide more direct support to the company’s business. In addition, the share of the company’s led chip business income is declining, and the impact on the company’s performance is decreasing.
The company’s main capital expenditure and expansion projects are directed to areas such as power semiconductors, mems, etc., where the traditional led chip expansion is limited, and the share of the led chip business is expected to decrease further, reducing the adverse impact on the company’s business. The power semiconductor market is promising, with companies taking the lead by using strong R & D.
2.1. The market for power devices and modules is large, and national production replaces the active semiconductor, which is divided into poweric, powerware and power modules with extensive applications and wide market space.
Devices are core units for electrical (power) processing and are bridges between weak and powerful power control; poweric is the product of a combination of electrical and microelectronics technology that integrates power devices and their power-driven, protected, interfaced, and other peripheral circuits on one or more chips; power modules are power units at a given level.
The power semiconductor is extremely widely applied, and it can be said that where the power is used, there is a power semiconductor with power coverage ranging from a few w (consumption of electronic products) to a few gw (high voltage of direct transmission systems).
Since the creation of the power binoculars in the 1950s, the variety of power devices has continued to grow, and power devices like the transistor, the power triode, the mosfet, and the igbt have gradually emerged. High-frequency control, low-depletion high-performance.
Looking ahead, the development of new energy vehicles will provide a strong impetus for the continued development of power semiconductors. According to our calculations, the global market for new power-borne semiconductors in 2019 was about $750 million.
In addition to the new power-driven semiconductor market, which is expected to reach $4.5 billion, and the vehicle-powered semiconductor market, which was as large as 35 per cent in 2019-2025, the new energy-powered car-filling stumps, the continuous landing of 5g applications, the continuous penetration of variable-frequency household power, and the industrial self-employment,
The demand for power semiconductors will also be driven by dynamic and growing markets for new energy sources, such as photovoltaics/wind power. Overseas producers continue to occupy a major market share, with large national production alternatives for power semiconductors. The top 10 producers, according to omdia, accounting for 60% of the global market share, are all overseas.
With 36% of the global market, the single largest market, the power semiconductor market has wide alternatives to national production, and domestic firms are expected to deepen the process of substituting for beneficiary countries. Geopolitical factors drive the process of nationalization of the power semiconductor to accelerate.
The performance, safety, and longevity of downstream electronics make customers less sensitive to the price of power semiconductors and more demanding for their reliability. In the past, electronics manufacturers in our country, especially high-end manufacturers, have tended to favour higher performance and more stable quality overseas powerware products in the selection of material.
As a result of geopolitical events such as the overseas technology blockade, China-United States trade friction, the “China boom” and the “China sanctions”, domestic manufacturers have begun to try to introduce indigenous semiconductor suppliers to provide development opportunities for our power semiconductor producers. 2.2. High-intensity R & D investment, with the related products of igbt taking the lead domestically
In 2015-2019, the company’s R & D cost as a share of revenue was consistently higher than the domestic comparable Idm. The company’s high R & D investment also contributed to a certain extent to the net profit level of the company, but in the long run, strong R & D investment will be needed.
With strong R&D inputs from firms, the company’s product matrix continues to be refined, and there is a clear competitive advantage in the products of igbt and ipm. In the case of igbt, the company’s igbt monopole and modular products have been marketed on a large scale.
The company ' s igbt single tubes cover medium- and low-voltage voltage levels, such as 600v/61/5000/1350v, while the 650v,750vigbt module is applied in the area of new energy vehicles and the 1200vigbt module is used in industrial applications such as welding, electrical reverses and frequency transformers.
The company's self-research chip mainframe-driven module has been tested by some customers in the first half of 2020, and has received small bulk orders. As a result, the company has become one of the few domestic manufacturers that can supply the igbt module and is expected to benefit from the development opportunities created by the rapid growth in global sales of new energy vehicles in the future.
The company’s ipm module, which is leading the technology, has provided large-scale domestic front-line power producers with a fast growth in sales. The ipm module, the smart power module, is a semiconductor module that integrates power devices, power-driven circuits, complete protective circuits, etc., and is mainly applied to home power, and is the core electronic component of the variable white home power.
The company started high-voltage-driven hvic design in 2007, the high-voltage power module ipm encapsulation in 2010, and in 2012 the ipm product began to be replicated in the white-electric industry, with rapid growth in just a few years. In 2016, the company ' s ipm product started to be used by well-known domestic brands like Heisin, Haile, Long-Rain, American, Gre.
Power producers adopted and developed in large numbers, selling about 1 million during the year and maintaining an average annual increase of about 100 per cent over the years that followed. By the first half of 2020, companies had sold up to 6 million ipm modules, with a national product plate, but with a large national brand as opposed to a market share of more than 80 per cent of overseas brands.
By leading sales and high-quality customer advantage, companies are expected to go deeper in the national production replacement of the ipm module. Figure 22: Corporate sales of the ipm module continue to grow rapidly. Figure 23: Corporate sales in the ipm market in 2018 are home-grown.
The semiconductor industry, after almost 60 years of development, is now operating in the third generation of semiconductor materials.
Three generations of semiconductor material have been developed, the first generation of semiconductor material refers mainly to single-quality semiconductor material such as silicon, thallium elements, the second generation of semiconductor material refers mainly to compound semiconductor material such as arsenicated americium, antimony, and the third generation of semiconductor material is a wide-restricted semiconductor material, the most important of which is sic and gan (also chemosynthesis)
Semiconductor. A more wide restricted band width allows the material to operate at higher temperatures, higher voltage and faster switches than conventional semiconductor material. Sic has features such as high critical magnetic fields, high electron saturation speed and very high heat conductivity, which make its device applicable.
A high-frequency high-temperature application scenario, compared to silicon devices, can significantly reduce switch losses. So sic can manufacture high-pressure, high-power electrical devices, such as mosfet, igbt, sbd, etc., which are used downstream mainly for high-threshold magnetic field, high electro-saturation speed and extremely high electronic transport compared to silicone devices.
Rates are characterized by an excellent choice of ultra-high frequency (UHF) devices for applications such as 5g communications, microwave radio, etc. In the future, the cost of third-generation semiconductor materials is expected to decline as production technology increases, and the industry is expected to grow rapidly, bringing new development opportunities to the power semiconductor industry.
3.2. The company's active deployment of the semiconductor line of compounds, which is rapidly industrialized from shallow depths The construction of the company's production line parallel to R & D is active in the third generation of semiconductors. In December 2017, Slan microelectrics signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with the government of the Xiamen region to invest $5 billion in the construction of a new $4/6.
The main products include the next generation of light module chips, 5g radio frequency-related modules, high-end led chip products, which are operated by the company ' s subsidiary, Slanmingang, which completed the development of some of the new products in the first half of the year and is in the pilot production phase; and June 2020, taxis.
In December 2020, Slander, a Slander subsidiary of Slander and Control, and Sland Ming-chi, together with other subjects, undertook a comprehensive performance evaluation on the subject of “Silicon-ggan devices and integrated circuit processes”.
In keeping with the company’s development of silicon-based devices, the company is still active in building production lines in the development of third-generation semiconductors. The construction of production lines, along with research and development, is expected to build up some pre-emptive advantages for the company’s development of third-generation semiconductors.
The technological accumulation of existing silicon-based devices in the Division is relatively difficult and contributes to rapid industrialization.4 Investment advice and profit forecasting (1) beneficial industrial landscape development, national production substitution and company customer outreach, hardware operations and integrated circuit collection
We expect a high rate of growth in entry, leading to a high rate of growth in corporate income as a whole. We predict a full increase in the value of the favourable industry landscape in 2020-2022 (2) and a reduction in depreciation pressure. The company sells the Māori ratio, a leading domestic semiconductor company, which has now formed the device (mainly power semiconductor devices mosfet, etc.).
Operational plates such as igbt, diodes, etc.), integrated circuits (mainly imm, mcu, mems sensors, power pipes, digital audio video circuits, etc.), led chips and extensions are the most fully integrated semiconductor Idm manufacturers in the country.
The company is firmly on the idm road, leading the country’s private idm business in the construction of 8 inches and 12 inches of crystal circle. The company’s performance is now improving: 8 inch production can climb to the end of the slope, harvests are expanding and depreciation pressure is expected to decrease.
The company is gradually building up the strength of its productive capacity, and the associated power products, such as igbt, have been recognized by clients, and are now growing at a high rate, with the prospect of deep nationalization. The net profit base of the company is expected to be lower in 2020, and the pe valuation method is less relevant.
The valuation method compares the company's pb times with the nationally listed semiconductor idm company, Huo Yu, Quick Microelectric and Yangjie technology, and the company predicts that pb is close to the average of comparable companies. In addition, the power semiconductor idm enterprise, which is a heavy asset industry, we refer to the ev/ebitda times to exclude the depreciation amortization factor, the company 2021-
In 2022, the number of v/ebitdas was below industry averages, showing a strong growth capacity and valuation value of the company The issue of shares by the company to purchase assets and raise matching funds is subject to regulatory approval; (2) the construction of production lines and capacity climbs below expectations;
(3) Increased competition in the market and a decline in the Māori rate; (4) failure of client certification to keep pace with expectations;