Sindam securities (601059.sh) – Next Tuesday (20 December) is a firm listed on the board, the “Sindard securities” (601059): the companies are engaged in securities brokering, portfolio investment consultancy, and dealing with securities.
Financial advisers, securities underwriting and insurance, securities self-employment, securities asset management, finance coupons, surrogate financial products, securities investment fund sales, long-term stock companies providing intermediates.
Investment bright spots: 1 - Corporate shareholders have a strong background, and the controlling shareholder is Nintendo, China; in the future, it is hoped to further strengthen synergies and collaboration capabilities by helping Nintendo China to gain a resource and network advantage.
In 2007, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
China’s major business, which is engaged in bad assets, has 33 branches throughout the country; in addition to Sinda securities, it owns a network of financial services, real estate, etc.
The platform’s subsidiaries, the South Pacific Commercial Bank, the Golden Valley Trust, the Sindha Investment, etc., hold a debt swap of tens of billions of dollars for some of the backbone enterprises in the coal and chemical industries. As shareholders in the company’s holdings, Sindha, China, has an out-of-the-mount-new stock cover report (outside the mountain) and 2022.
On the one hand, more capital market support services could be provided to the Chinese Sinda; on the other hand, the Chinese Sinda, in disposing of bad assets, participating in business M & A restructuring, and providing integrated financial services, will generate a large number of financial advisers, debt restructuring and debt conversion projects that are expected to become important paths for the future development of the company.
One of them is that the company has formed a regional advantage in several provinces and regions, such as Liaoning. The company has provided a strong guarantee for low-cost expansion and operation of the brokering business by setting up a secure and efficient central securities trading platform and a unified account integrated service platform.
The point area has a relatively clear leading advantage: during the reporting period, corporate brokering ranked first in the Liaoning area in the market share of the industry, while the securities department ' s market share in Liaoning (excluding Dalian) was 13.15 per cent, 13.87 per cent, 13.85 per cent and 13.85 per cent, respectively, in the Liaoning area.
In its fund management business, Australia is expected to continue its firm’s good performance in the future, thanks to the higher profile of the wealth management industry. In 2014, the company acquired 54% of Sinda Oya’s equity, officially becoming its controlling shareholder.
Various fund types, such as abundance, stock-based, mixed, bond-based and currency-type, have created a definite advantage; at the same time, the corporate public fund-raising industry has grown faster as a result of the high profile of the wealth management industry in 2021.
One hundred million; at the same time, with the increase in the size of governance, there has also been an increase in the contribution of Sindago to corporate income, and during the reporting period there has been a more marked upward trend in the net revenue from management fees in Sindara, which accounted for 4.40 per cent, 9.83 per cent, 18.10 per cent and 26.27 per cent of business income from Sindh securities, respectively.
Compared to listed companies in the industry: Companies belong to the securities industry: based on similarity of business, securities like Red Towers, Huaan securities, Chinese securities, Chinese silver securities, Nanjing securities, etc. are compared to listed companies. The average income in 2021 was 3,541 million yuan, Ping.
It is based mainly on the content of the offer and other publicly available information, the risk of inaccuracies in the selection of companies listed in the same industry, the possible misinterpretation of the content data cut-off, the risks of specific listed companies being shown in the body of the text, and so on.
Companies are engaged in securities brokering, portfolio investment consulting, financial consultants related to securities trading and portfolio investment activities, securities underwriting and insurance, securities self-employment, securities asset management, finance coupons, sales of sales finance products, securities investment funds, and provision of intermediaries for futures companies.
At the same time, the company is also engaged through its holding subsidiary, Sinda Futures, Mercantile Investment, Sindam Innovation, Sindara and Sindam International, from futures operations, private investment fund operations, alternative investment operations, fund management operations and offshore operations, including offshore asset management, enterprise finance and sales and transactions.
(i) Basic financial position, by 0.29 per cent over the same period.
Figure 4: Corporate Roe Changes. Companies are mainly engaged in securities business, which covers securities brokering, securities self-employment, futures business, etc.: based on the type of business, the company belongs to the securities industry.
After three decades of development, the securities sector has developed a multi-layered capital market structure, with a significant increase in market participants. On the 30th of January, the number of equity investors in China reached 20,62391.
(i) Level I markets include a share market financing and bond market financing. 634 of them, 1,031, 1,212 and 384 are affected by capital market registration reforms and the refinancing of the New Deal, 2020
The number of equity fund raisers increased more than in the same year. Not 438,000, 503,000, 538,000 and 248,000, the total amount of bond finance and the number of raisers remained constant during the reporting period.
Of this amount, $5,837 million is the net income from agent trading of securities (including seating leases for the trading unit), $26,771 million is the net income from the insurance and insurance operations, $3,137 million is the net income from the financial consultancy operations, $2.13 trillion is the net income from the investment consultancy operations, $2.13 trillion is the balance of the funds available for settlement (including credit transactions) and $10,99 trillion is the total net value of the trust assets.
In terms of access barriers and competition patterns, securities companies are subject to more stringent access controls and capital size requirements, and, as knowledge-intensive industries, require a large number of professionals to provide specialized services, and industry entry barriers are higher.
The pattern of competition is characterized by: (1) a high concentration of industries, with a gradual trend towards fragmentation. According to data published by the Securities Association, the top 10 securities companies, among the 98 participating securities companies, had a market share of 46.06 per cent in business earnings and a net profit market share of 60.64 per cent in 2019.
(2) The profit model is more monolithic, homogenous, and the business model tends to diversify. Data published by our securities firm shows a net income of $78,763 million from trading (including seating leases) by our securities agents in 2019, $37,744 million from securities underwriting and insurance, and $122,160 million from portfolio investment (including fair value change gains and losses) as a share of business.
By 30 June 2022, there were 140 securities companies (including securities-related subsidiaries) in the country, where homogenization between securities companies was evident, and where traditional brokering was becoming more competitive, particularly in the case of securities brokering, where commission rates had been declining in recent years. (3) Foreign financial institutions, non-equity players, entered the market and competition in the securities sector has increased.
The Supervisory Board has approved the establishment of a number of foreign holding securities companies. When the international investment bank enters the Chinese market, it will compete with domestic securities companies mainly in the areas of cross-border operations, institutional ease, derivatives, wealth management, and investment management. China’s securities competition will be 1, the company’s shareholders have a strong background, and the controlling shareholders are the Chinese Nintawa; and it is hoped that the future will rely on the Chinese Sinda for resources and networks.
The company, a joint venture of Sindha, China Sea Trust, and China China, was established in 2007 as the first securities firm in China. In terms of the equity structure, the Chinese firm holding the Sunda issued a branch; in addition to the Sunda securities, the Chinese platform ' s subsidiary, the South China Commercial Bank, which deals with financial services, real estate, etc., is owned by China.
The Golden Valley Trust, Sinda Investments, etc., and hold a debt swap of tens of billions of yuan for some of the backbone enterprises in the coal and chemical industries. As shareholders in corporate holdings in China, Shinda, on the one hand, can provide more capital market support services to Sinda in China; on the other hand, Shinda, on the other hand, is disposing of bad assets, participating in enterprise mergers and restructurings, and providing comprehensive financial services, and will generate large amounts of financial advisers and debt.
Reorganization and debt-for-equity projects are expected to be one of the important avenues for companies to develop in the future.2 Companies have developed a certain regional advantage in several provinces and regions, such as Liaoning. Companies provide strong guarantees for low-cost expansion and operation of brokering through the establishment of secure and efficient stock exchange platforms and integrated account services platforms.
Over the years, companies have gradually developed a more visible leading position in key areas such as Liaoning; during the reporting period, corporate brokerage was ranked first in the Liaoning area in terms of market share, with the Department of Securities in Liaoning (excluding Dalian) in terms of market share of 13.15 per cent, 13.87 per cent, 13.85 per cent and 13.85 per cent, respectively, while the proceeds of securities brokerage in Liaoning were 16.93 per cent, 16.24 per cent and 16.20 per cent, respectively.
3. The company ' s fund management operations through its controlling subsidiary, Sindara, are expected to continue to promote good corporate performance in the future with the higher profile of the wealth management industry. In 2014, the company acquired 54% of Sindaoa ' s equity and formally became its controlling shareholder.
At the same time, thanks to a strong wealth management industry in 2021, corporate public fund operations grew faster. At the end of the 2019 to 2022h1 reporting period, Sindago was able to increase the volume of management and the contribution of Sindagoa to corporate income, and during the reporting period, there was a net collection of management fees.
The upward trend is more marked with revenue accounting for 4.40 per cent, 9.83 per cent, 18.10 per cent and 26.27 per cent of the operating income of the Sinda securities, respectively. (iv) Investing in projects. The company's current investment fund, ipo, is intended to supplement the company's capital.
1. Supplementing corporate capital: there will be further increases in operating funds and the development of major businesses, including the further consolidation of traditional brokering, the expansion of capital intermediation, the appropriate scaling up of portfolio investment operations, the scaling up of asset management operations, the replenishment of operating funds, increased compliance controls and information technology inputs, and support for the business development of various subsidiaries.
(v) Comparison of indicators of listed companies in the industry. Companies belong to the securities industry. Depending on business similarities, securities such as Red Towers, Huaan, Chinese, Chinese, Nanjing, etc. are selected as comparable listings of Sinda securities.
The average net interest rate is 28.85 per cent, at $3.541 billion; compared to traditional securities brokerage risks, offshore business risks, other innovative business risks, stock pledge buyback risk, bond investment default risk, litigation risks related to the Boreg bond dispute, compliance risk, risk management and internal control risk,
Risks such as information technology risks, net capital management risks, operating risks, poor property rights in owned property and rental property, risks associated with the use of the brand name, etc.