On August 19, 2021, Nim got bigger, and the ratio of revenue to bond promotions rose.
Performance improved significantly over the quarter, with double-digit growth of 2021h1 in both revenue and net gains, and company growth of 1.64 per cent and 9.30 per cent in the same year.
Nim has expanded over time, retail loan categories have widened, liabilities have been optimized, cost controls have increased by 2021h1, companies have achieved net interest earnings of 13.616 billion yuan, an increase of 17.45 per cent over the same period; net interest differentials of 1.91 per cent, an increase of 5bp over the same year, mainly from optimized deposit structures and pricing and reduced costs.
In addition to housing loans and consumer loans, companies formally operate personalized mortgages at the retail end - retail “fast”, three loans increased by 10.72 per cent, 15.66 per cent and 15.49 per cent, respectively, and retail loans were expanded by 0.49 percentage points at the end of the year; and companies were rigorous in deposit cost control and vigorously expanded settlement low-cost.
The net non-interest income of the company rose by $6.621 billion, or 7.75 per cent. Of this amount, net handling fees and commissions for intermediate operations benefited mainly from rapid growth in revenue from financial operations and bond charges.
The loss on exchange of $823 million is a further increase over the same period last year. The overall level of asset quality, the increase in the coverage of the provision, the increase in the risk and disposal of bad assets by companies with strong capital capacity that can be transferred, will further improve asset quality.
By the end of June 2021, the company had provided coverage to supplement capital capacity to support business expansion. The investment recommended that the company’s location be strong, its operating mechanisms flexible, its cultural identity visible, and its retailing and trading.
The banking strategy continues to deepen. The corporate financial product system is rich, the three major plans are advanced in depth, the asset and liability structure continues to be optimized, and there are good developments, such as trading banks; retail finance is structured into a structured customer management structure that enhances the ability to fine-tune and integrate services, and the number of clients is steadily increasing with aum; assets are of good quality, and there is a provision for recovery.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a spirit of diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.