Ningpo Bank.
Incidents: Ningpo Bank published its annual report 2021 (formerly disclosed performance reports). The year-round collection/Ningpo Bank was established on 10 April 1997, 52.5 per cent in 2007, with a 10-1.1 pcc increase in ring comparison; the weighted average roe was 16.6 per cent, an increase of 1.7 pcc over the same year.
July 19th became the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
In terms of profit break-ups, the main drivers of the year-round high profit growth are, in turn, maintaining a high rate of expansion on a scale-to-house basis, a business strategy that provides diversification (+22.1 per cent), strong non-interest growth (+11.0 per cent), tax savings such as public debt (5.4 per cent) and reasonable tax effects.
The objective is to create two major negative factors: corporate banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business, and profit. By comparison, the company’s performance remains at the leading level of listed banks and continues.
Investing in banks, asset trusts, asset management, and the nine major profit centers, which initially formed a diversified business growth model and good governance.
There are a number of points of concern: (1) a strong growth in non-interest income. The year-long non-interest income of $20 billion, which accounts for revenue, stems mainly from faster growth in the proxy category under the accelerated distribution of wealth management operations in the last two years.
The same-year increase of $4.55 billion is largely due to the company’s greater capacity to invest in financial assets. From the strategic shift to the workforce to the relevant financial data, it can be seen that the company’s diversified profit growth point has gradually become stronger and is expected to sustain the company’s rapid growth.
The cost of corporate liabilities is more rigid, interest-bearing asset yields a net interest difference of 9bp to assets with a lower rate of revenue than the high rate of expansion to achieve a higher growth in net interest income at a supplemental price. We expect that total economic equity/currenta shares (in thousands)
Under downward pressure, the interest rate on assets may continue to be lower, given the firm ' s strong capital in completing its equity portfolio of 21q4, and the region ' s still relatively good credit needs, which are expected to achieve net interest income on a continuous basis at a level supplemental rateb/h (millions of shares)
The company maintains the precautionary principle and maintains a credit provision uplift, with an annual impairment loss of $9.68 billion, an increase of 26.2 per cent, compared to the previous year.
Deep-farming long triangles fully benefit from regional economic development. Ningpo Bank has developed a “one-wing” pattern based primarily on long triangles, the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea, which now concentrates more than 90% of its operations on long triangles.
Institutional mechanisms are better and more market-oriented. The Ningpo Bank has a diverse equity structure, with an earlier equity structure based on checks and balances between state, foreign, and private companies.
It is clear that the “big banks don't do well, small banks can't do it” strategy is appropriate and has developed a comparative advantage in all operations. Small micro-enterprises have a strong base, and earlier retail company profit centers have been set up to achieve smallness.
S1480197002 Micro-business specialization model. Micro-businesses now have well-developed risk control mechanisms, rich product systems, and good market reputations. In addition, personal consumption lending operations benefit from the company’s early and accurate customers.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn group positioning has achieved a higher risk return in the industry. With large retailing and light capital strategies focused, new growth points for profit have gradually become stronger.
As a major transformation, the wealth management business-related talent base has been constantly enriched and the science and technology investment has increased, and the strategic transition has been more robust. There has been a rapid increase in fees for agency-type operations, with individual clients and wealth-related customers aum breaking down. At the end of the year, Ningbo Bank ' s personal client aum aum aum aum, the same amount.
23 per cent increase; 130 million private clients, 70 per cent increase in the same year, and 146.4 billion private aum, 53 per cent increase in the same year. On the demand side, Ningpo Bank has a strong customer service capacity, with a huge potential for long-deep corporate lines, retail lines and customers; on the supply side, companies strengthen institutional cooperation, product innovation and production innovation.
The combination of supply and demand will boost the rapid growth of wealth management operations and contribute to the growth of Eastern financial intelligence Investment proposals: Ningpo Bank annual reports continue to show good performance, assets expand at a high rate, non-interest growth is strong and full.
We expect that the size of Ningpo Bank assets will continue to grow at a high rate in the context of the completion of the portfolio and the better credit needs in the region, in order to increase the net interest income faster; and that, with large retail and light capital strategies, there will be a high rate of growth among companies.
Keeping in mind that the optimal investment capacity of financial assets, certified on a life cycle, will also increase the firm’s profit level during the period of interest rate drops.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Ningbo Bank (002142): The Center for Plural Profit is moving forward, looking forward to sustained high growth, Lin Xiao, Master of Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, United Kingdom.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.