Bank Ningbo deposits are expected to grow robustly and interest-rate-rate-rate-rate-busting loops are up. Summary of performance: Ningpo Bank net profits grew by 20.8 per cent per year and operating income by year for the first quarter of the year.
15.4 per cent; 32.7 per cent cost revenue; 1.59 percentage points lower than the previous year. Total assets at the end of the season grew more than expected in the first quarter of the year, the boom in support of interest differentials and the expansion of asset-end operations.
A short-term focus on the epidemic could have an impact on exports, private businesses, and private businesses. ’s over-expected growth was strong, contributing to the recovery of the interest-rate gap ring.
At the end of the line, Ningpo Bank deposits grew by 23.3 per cent in the first quarter of the year, exceeding market expectations, and better supported asset-end business expansion and freedom of configuration. The size of the first quarter remained high, with assets growing 10.1 per cent at the beginning of the year, and the quarterly interest spread ring was 16 bp over the fourth quarter of 2021.
Debt end-of-cycle cost ratio at 26bp below ratio, which is greater than the asset end-of-end rate of return (18bp). Good asset quality, with pre-positioned coverage. Ningpo Bank asset quality advantage maintained, with a negative rate of 0.77 per cent at the end of the quarter at the beginning of the year; loan of concern
This compares with 3 bp to 0.51% at the beginning of the year, but maintains a low level of listed banks. At the end of the period, 1.03% of the annual degenerative yield for the first quarter, an increase of 48 bp over the previous period.
At the market rate of 26 April 2022, banks were listed as excellent. 525 per cent coverage at the end of the season, the ring ratio was almost equal.
Prices, Keeping Good, 2022408 S.C.I.S.I.S.C.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Bank: City comptoirsii Ningpo Bank net profit of $5.7 billion in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the same period, of which net interest income increased by 12.6 per cent over the same period, with no interest on revenue
A 20.3 per cent increase in revenue and a 0.9 per cent increase in net revenue from fees and charges, a 15.4 per cent increase from year to year; and a 32.7 per cent increase in cost revenue, a 1.59 percentage point lower from year to year. Total assets grew 10.4 per cent at the end of the season compared to the beginning of the year, total loans grew 7.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, total deposits increased at a slower rate of growth, while higher revenues were maintained at a better level for listed banks.
Ningpo Bank recorded a 15.4% increase in revenue on a quarterly basis compared to 2021 (+28.4%) but is expected to remain relatively smooth in listed banks. Of this, net interest income increased by 12.6% compared to 2021 (+17.4%) and, with robust growth in size, corporate cost revenue increased by 1.59 percentage points compared to the same year, tax-exempt income decreased by 54%, asset quality was excellent and lost.
The failure to pay off led to an increase in the net profits of the company from 17.8 per cent to 20.8 per cent (vs 2021, +29.9 per cent) in the rate of net profits for the first quarter of the year before the provision.
Strong growth, in excess of market expectations, better supports asset-end business expansion and freedom of configuration. The scale of corporate liabilities and bond issuances has increased significantly during the first quarter, with assets growing 10.1 per cent from the beginning of the year, central bank deposits/associated assets/loans/portfolio investments increasing respectively Loans are directed, or based on firm judgement and rhythm of credit demand.
Impact, followed by tracking local credit demand trends. A quarterly interest spread ring is up by 16 bp in the fourth quarter of 2021.
At the end of the quarter, the rate was 0.77 per cent; loans of interest accounted for between 3 bp and 0.51 per cent at the beginning of the year, but the level of listed banks remained low.
In terms of turnover, the company's asset quality is excellent, its wind control capacity is strong, its recognition is prudent, and its asset quality remains high at the bank's best position. At the end of the season, the provision coverage is 525%, and the ring is almost equal.
Macroeconomic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality of assets in the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the bank’s assets, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The real economy, however, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of banks ' profits, either by making concessions over market expectations.