Bank of Ningbo (002142.sz) - Quarterly Review 2022, Bank of Chuan, the comptoir of the city, increased its performance as expected. Business income was $15.3 billion in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 15.4 per cent.
The rate of increase was lower than last year, mainly the rate of increase in net revenue from interest and the rate of increase in net revenue from fees; the rate of 17.8 per cent in the first quarter of the year; the rate of return to the mother was $5.7 billion in the first quarter, or 20.8 per cent in the same year; and the rate of growth in the company ' s income during the first quarter, although falling, was largely in line with expectations, while the rate of return to the mother remained relatively high.
The asset growth rate is higher than the industry average, and the deposit rate has recovered significantly. Total assets are expected to improve significantly by the end of the 2022 season compared to the ratio.
Net interest income has declined and investment returns have increased significantly. Corporate disclosure of average net daily interest differentials of 2.24% per quarter, a decrease of 31bps per year, is the main reason for this decline. But Ningpo Bank net interest differentials are highly volatile and therefore do not require undue attention, such as a significant return from the fourth quarter of last year.
24bps. The company holds a large number of trading assets, which, with interest rates down, have experienced a decline in net revenue from fees. Net revenue from fees increased by 0.9 per cent in the first quarter of 2022 over the previous year, a sharp fall from the annual reports, mainly due to weak capital markets and the high base of last year, wealth management.
Undesirable generation has accelerated, and the provision is still strong. The measured annual rate of unmodification has risen from 40bps to 1.08% in the first quarter, and the marginal rate has accelerated. It is normal for companies to maintain a negative rate at 0.77% at the end of the quarter. The company’s end-of-cycle coverage rate of 525% is almost the same as it was at the beginning of the year.
Ningbo Bank (002142.sz) - Growth maintenance, basics still excellent - There is still much room for anti-breeding profits. Ningbo Bank - 002142 - 2021: Rapid Report on Performance: Steady Growth, Assets
Investment Recommendations: We maintain the profit projections, and we expect a net return from 2022 to 2024.
Table 1: Analysis of the profit growth drivers
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject