Ningpo Bank: Ningpo Bank publishes its first quarter report for 2022. 1q22 Pre-harvesting/Repository Profit/Repatriation Bank was established on 10 April 1997 and 2007
On July 19th, it became the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
The q1 asset has grown in size, the difference in interest payments has been narrow, and the cost-to-pay business strategy is to provide diversification for clients.
To promote faster growth in net interest income. The modest increase in revenue and higher returns on investment are aimed at maintaining a more inclusive service with no-interest income, creating “a major contributor to corporate banking, retailing, and rapid growth.
Individual banks, financial markets, credit card operations, interest rates, provisions and cost factors contributed to profitability by +28.2 per cent, 15.6 per cent, +2.8 per cent, 2.7 per cent, investment banks, asset trusts, asset management, respectively.
+2.7% overall, companies maintain excellent performance and sustain high-quality growth. The Centre, with its initial diversified business growth model and good performance, has sufficient reserves for public credit projects.
It also confirms the ability of Ningpo Bank to be a host company for SMEs. (3) The interest-rate gap has recovered significantly. The company's interest-rate gap last year went down the season. 22q1 net interest-rate differentials are 2.24%, and we measure the quarterly interest-rate ratio up to 17bp. The net-interest gap has improved significantly, mainly as a result of higher deposits to optimize the cost of indebtedness and higher credit.
Optimizing the asset structure. We expect that the company’s relatively strong absconding capacity is expected to support the net difference and maintain stability. (4) Deep-farming long triangles fully benefit from regional economic development. Ningbo Bank has developed a “one-wing” pattern based on long triangles, with the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea as two wings, with more than 90% of its operations now concentrated on longer periods.
Triangular region. With a well-developed private economy and strong financial needs, companies will benefit fully from better and more marketized regional economic mechanisms. Ningpo Bank has a diverse equity structure, which has earlier developed a system of equity checks and balances between state, foreign and private companies.
Consistency on differentiated development strategies creates comparative advantages. Ningpo Bank’s differentiated development strategy is clearly based on the fact that the “big bank doesn’t do well, small bank can't do” business strategy is appropriate and has evolved into business.
Microbusinesses have a strong base, early establishment of retail company profit centres, and a model of micro-business specialization. Micro-businesses now have well-developed risk-control mechanisms, rich product systems, and good market reputations. Moreover, personal consumer lending operations benefit from early and accurate company customers.
With large retailing and light capital strategies focused, new growth points for profit are gradually gaining ground. Companies have made wealth management a major transformation, constantly enriching the pool of people involved in wealth management and increasing their investment in science and technology.
The strategic shift has been more robust. There has been a rapid growth in agent-type transaction fees, personal clients, and wealth-based clients. At the end of 2021, Ningbo's personal client aum aum aum, 23 per cent more than in 2021; the number of private clients aum aum aum au, a 70 per cent more than in the same year, and private aum aum 14.64 billion.
On the demand side, Ningpo Bank has a strong client service, with a huge potential for long-deep corporate lines, retail lines, and, on the supply side, stronger corporate collaboration, product innovation and marketing are increasing.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Investment Recommendations: Ningpo Bank has continued to perform with a bright start in the quarter, with a two-per-cent loan, a net-rate spread relative to a recovery, faster growth in interest rates and better asset quality. We expect better stock completion and better regional credit needs.
In this context, the size of Ningpo Bank assets will maintain a high rate of growth, resulting in faster net interest income at a surcharge: with large retail and light capital strategies, the growth rate in companies is expected to pick up again; and the excellent investment capacity of financial assets, proven through a life cycle, will increase the level of corporate profitability during the period below interest rates.
The region, institutional mechanisms, strategic positioning advantages, and the high-growth attributes of the potential for transformation, maintaining the “strongness”
The source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of financial intelligence, etc.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ningbo Bank (002142): deposits are growing brightly, net interest spread rings are up.
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.