Events: 17-yearly report of West Mountain Coal Power released on 24 April 2018 and company operating income of $28,655 million in 2017, an increase of 46.12 per cent over the same period; total profits
Coal power in Western Hills (000983.sz) Quarterly report for the year 2018, published on 24 April 2018, recorded an increase of 5.60 per cent over the reporting period in the amount of $7.299 billion in corporate operating income; a total of $844 million in profits, an increase of 8.74 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $513 million for mothers, an increase of 10.42 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $519 million after deduction of non-recurrent gains and losses, an increase of $519 million over the same period
\triangleright tons of research assistant \triangleright, 2.8 per cent more than the previous year, 2,385 million tons of coal sold, 1.02 per cent more than the same year, and an average coal sales price of $663.09 per tonne, or more than the same year
Xiaojie Research Assistant, Wang Chimin Research Assistant, good long-term benefits from the scarcity of high-quality coker resources. We have now discovered 28 trillion tons of coker reserves, representing only 19 per cent of the total coal reserves, but only production.
\triangleright \triangleright, about 33%, has a high mining intensity. Long-term resources do not support high-intensity development, especially of coal.
In the future, the lack of additional capacity to produce coal in the world will cause supply to shrink, add to the global economic stability of the current round, and support the rapidly growing demand for coal in countries such as India and Brazil, which will be largely better in the medium to long term.
The company's main products are coal coke, coal fertilizer, thin coal, lean coal and gas coal, the main coal coke in the ancient deposits of which is scarce, the protected mining of coal, which has increased significantly, the advantages of low ash fractions, low sulfur fractions, good coiling, etc., which are highly relevant to the domestic supply of coker, especially of good quality, and the company's high-risk resistance,
The company takes full advantage of the size of the two chains of “coal power, coal cokering,” long-term.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
In order to take full advantage of the local advantages of the company’s holding company, Nishiyama Shining Energy, and the local coal, bauxite and mineral resources, local conversion, local application, low-cost electricity prices, and the formation of the “coal-electric aluminium plus local power grid” industrial chain, the company added $228 million to Shanxi Aluminium Huayun Co. Ltd. for the construction of a 500,000-ton alloy aluminum project, which is expected to generate $4.81 billion in sales revenue in the year following its completion.
With a profit of 417 million yuan and a return of 14.6 per cent after tax, the firm implementation of a large customer strategy to refine operations and improve the quality of income and profitability. The firm enforcement of long-term contracts for coal purchases and sales stabilizes the price of the coal market, improves the performance rate of the Association’s customers and enhances the stability of the company’s operations.
At the same time, the company strives to optimize the product structure and maximize the advantages of scarce resources. The company has high-quality coal resources, with 2,693 million tons of coal, 35.9 million tons of coal, 31,622 kilowatt hours of power and 5.4 million tons of coke. The company’s shareholders are rich in coal and are expected to inject more in the future.
Coal geological reserves of 2,169 million tons with a capacity of 11,389 million tons and a planned total capacity of 181 million tons/year; in addition, the group designed a coke production capacity of 11.8 million tons/year. Coal electricity, the only coal company in the group, is the best platform for the group and its coal business to achieve overall listing.
\triangleright \triangleright Carbon, natural gas industrial chain, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Zhang Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering School, University of Mines of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.