Performance guidance for 2019 is in line with expectations, 5g orders will continue to explode — the Deep South Annual Bulletin Review will deliver the perfect response, performance advance guidance will be in line with expectations, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating
Billion dollars, an increase of 26.34-88.53 per cent over the same period, are expected. We believe that the company, as a domestic pcb flagship, has developed a “3-in-one” industry layout with pcb, a enveloped base plate and an electronic assembly, which will benefit fully from the large strategic trend of building 5g and national production of semiconductors in the short, medium and long term.
• The high productivity of the order + the technological transformation, the increased level of company operations and profitability, the benefits of the construction of the 5g base station for communications, better downstream demand, the high volume of company orders and the high level of capacity utilization, and the timely contribution of the new production capacity from the start-up of the South-Tunnel plant.
Companies are able to meet downstream demand in a timely manner and maintain a high rate of growth in operating income. On the inside, companies continue to improve their Māori ratios by building specialized production lines, building automation, information-based plants, etc.
In terms of demand, the company ' s pcb products are mainly used in the areas of communications, industrial medicine, aerospace, motor electronics, servers, etc., and the demand market for communications benefits of 5g is expected to grow steadily, while for industrial medicine, the demand market is expected to grow.
Other areas of focus, such as aerospace, are still growing, with the global pcb market projected to grow mildly in the next five years, projected to grow at an annual compound rate of 3.7 per cent between 2018 and 2023, with global production in the pcb sector reaching $74.76 billion by 2023.
On the supply side, in the first half of 2019, the production capacity of the Pcb plant in the first half of the year.
"H1 performance exceeded expectations, 5g booster performance continued uphill, capacity utilization was now at a high level, and the pcb plant in South Tong II continued to explode" 2019-08-11.
With regard to construction; i.e., the company ' s ipo fund-raising project, the untin-encapable base-plating plant, was tested online, and the performance guide H1 meets expectations, and the 5g booster company is also currently in the production uphill phase, and in the larger context of the accelerating trend towards national production, the company ' s i.c. enveloped base plate
Performance Epidemics 2019-07-12 O1 Performances meet expectations, internal capital pcbs rises, domestic pcbs rises