Deep South circuit (002916), "5 g+ enveloped base, double-drive, company-driven, high-speed, deep South circuit."
The company has always focused on the field of electronic connectivity, and is committed to "bringing up 76.80 per cent of the growth.
Business, possession of printed circuit boards, envelopes and electronics
This represents an increase of 4.94 per cent over the previous year. (2) The company's revenue from the enveloped base plate business is $1,164 million, an increase over the same year The business layout is: at the core of the connection, 22.94 per cent of the stamp is constantly being strengthened, accounting for 11.06 per cent of the company's gross operating income, and the Māori rate is 26.25 per cent. (3) The company's electronics.
(b) Its “technology-synchronous” envelope business and its “customer-to-customer” operations.
The Māori rate was 19.51 per cent, an increase of 1.19 per cent over the previous year. 5g construction accelerated, with companies benefiting the core as industry leaders: (1) 5g construction accelerated, pcb mass: massivemimo technology and high-frequency high-speed properties have enabled pcb volumes to rise at full cost, estimated.
The value of a single station pcb in the 5g period amounts to 15,000 yuan, four times the value of the 4g period. (2) The 5g base station has a high technical barrier with Pob, with core suppliers on the mainland including deep south, power, electricity and electricity, and second line, with short-term entry difficulties, and deep south as the industrial leader with the largest technological reserves, will be at the core.
Data centre has a high view, servers are growing faster with pcb: rapid growth in cloud computing has boosted numbers.
With the commercialization of 5g, we're going to expand further, and the company is going to use pcb as a 10,000 square metre/year of major future developments. The company's clients include Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Wave, Huayuan, etc., are expected to be in service in 2019.
The machine pcb camp received about 6% of the total, and with further customer import and output, the collection of the enveloped base plate state production alternative logic is clear, and the tinless plant can climb the slope. The company has already made some progress in the finest parts of the enveloped base plate, and the city is the world's largest in the silicon field, supplying Gol acoustics and
Sweeney technology has accumulated in depth. The main course of business in the future is storage, the storage chip is a priority area for our big fund, the replacement of national production in the industrial chain is a necessity, and the probability of deep south being the main supplier is high.
Year after year, it is currently climbing, and this year it is expected to be 60-70%. Future customers will be overseas and are now working with the Yangtze.
Deep South Circuit (002916): "5g + enveloped base plate" double-wheel drive, company towards rapid growth, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, research assistant profile
Qinghua University, B.A., Northwestern Industrial University.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that deep south circuits (002916): "5g+Backboards" are driven by two wheels, and the company is moving fast.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.