Deep South Circuit (002916), electronic performance is up to expectations, high-end communication boards are growing strongly, and South-West Securities Research and Development Center
The firm has deepened its specialized production lines, continued investment in technological adaptation, improved production efficiency and technological capabilities, improved plant performance and increased profitability.
• 5g construction landscape continues, with high-end demand for a multi-platform support: 5g construction year in 2019, and 5g infrastructure construction is expected to accelerate in 2020. The essence of this is high growth in mobile terminal traffic, new acceleration in end-use applications, and 5g network coverage needs to be deeper and more extensive than 4g.
Ben has made adjustments that have affected the bidding of some orders, and deep south, as a front-line supplier of high-end communication boards, has been affected by smaller, 5g infrastructure construction with a number of servers in addition to base stations, and high-speed traffic expansion is expected to stimulate higher-end server demand. The company’s high-end communications board orders are expected to remain full in 2020, and the product is expected to remain full.
The structure has been upgraded, the high-frequency high-speed board ratio continues to rise, and the Māori rate is expected to rise. Companies can move their debts, and Southton II is expected to start q1.
In Samsung and Apple, the market is more than 30%: the production capacity of the tin-free plant has been smooth since it came into operation, with a planning year of production of 600,000 squares. According to downstream sealers, the domestic semiconductor national production has reversed the wind-surfacing cycle, and the producer ' s profitability has improved significantly, with a significant increase in capacity utilization, driving up the upstream landscape.
The Division is expected to benefit fully from the warmth of the industry by maintaining a long-term cooperative relationship with Fatty, Sunshine, and so on. • E-Commodity Flying 5g East Wind: the company continues to pursue its 3-in-one development strategy, continues to expand its competitive advantage in the area of 5g telecommunications boards, envelope boards, and vigorously develops its client co-sourced E-Commodity operations and captures
Rapid growth opportunities in telecommunications board operations and synergistic development of electronic assembly union operations. Deep South circuit (002916); performance beyond expectations and telecommunications pcb tap solid (2019-10-30)
Deep South Circuit (002916): Performance overperformance, 5g sustained benefits from construction (2019-08-12) Deep South Circuit (002916), performance overperformance overperformance,
Multi-factor resonance opens up the growth space (2019-07-12) Internal capital pcb tap (2019-03-13)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.