Deep South circuits (002916.sz) Electronic components  other components  5g+ high-growth powered by new production relays
Events: The company published its 19-year report, and in 2019 it achieved a gross operating income of $10.524 billion, an increase of $1.10 billion, an increase of 77.91 per cent. Of this total, 2,866 million, an increase of 26.52 per cent, a decrease of 0.01 per cent, and a net profit of $327 million, an increase of 58.33 per cent, excluding non-repatriated mothers.
pcb’s operations have grown rapidly, with a significant increase in profitability; the 5g+ numbers have opened well, and the new production of South Chinaton II has contributed positively to 20 years of growth. pcb’s operations have generated $7,726 million, an increase of 43.63 per cent, and the Māori rate of 27.98 per cent, an increase of 4.94 pct.
5g products moved from small batches to batches, and the demand for 4g products was relatively stable: the growth of business was relatively smooth in the data. In the first half of the 19th semester, production reached the end of production capacity on the southerly series, and the volume of bid purchases by equipment vendors remained at a higher level at the end of 2019, while the company’s share continued to be in the lead.
The Department has been active in opening up the product market, with client certification breaking through, and targeting higher market demand. The Division’s intelligent transformation and cost control have been effective, and it is expected to offset some of this by maintaining a high yield crop rate.
This year, the impact of the capping base sheet operation on Maori is expected to be eliminated, with the trend towards national production ensuring a long-term growth engine. The capping base sheet operation generated $1,164 million, an increase of 22.94%.
The rate of 26.25 per cent is a drop of 3.4 pct, mainly in the production of base-plate plants, which are still in the process of climbing their capacity after the June test production, and the tin-free plant in Choi is mainly oriented towards storage of the packaged base-plate products, and client development is progressing as expected and is expected to take place over the next 20 years.
The end of the slope is a return to profitability. Over the long term, while the storage chip market is expected to import more Japanese and Korean customers, government support for the industry will continue to grow, companies are more likely to get orders from large domestic storage plants, and long-term growth trends are clear.
Strengthening R & D inputs, technology-driven to ensure competing shares in high-end products. In 19 years, the company invested $537 million in R & D, an increase of 54.77 per cent, representing 5.10 per cent of the company’s gross operating income, mainly to the next generation of communications to print circuit boards, store envelopes, and focus on high density, high integration, high-speed high frequency, high-dispersive heat, miniaturization, etc.
At the same time, the company has a department of research and development, a department of product development and technology at the headquarters, a department of industry and a factory level.
Levels can be up to 68 layers, far above the industry average. Companies lead the industry from process technology to forward product development. Deep South circuits: 5g products enter the volume production phase, and the added advantage helps companies to further expand their share of the high-end market.
Unsatisfactory; risk of falling product prices