The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services is performing as expected, and new production is about to embrace demand.
The company published its 2019 fast-track performance report, which shows that in 2019 it achieved revenue of $10.524 billion, an increase of 38.4 per cent in comparison with the corresponding increase of $1,233 million in net return to the mother, an increase of 76.8 per cent in comparison with the performance of the previous three quarters, q4 net profit of $2,866 million in the quarter and $365 million in net return to the mother.
Euros, 26.5 per cent and 62.9 per cent, respectively, fall by 0.03 per cent and 7.8 per cent, respectively, and annual performance shows a high growth trend, with significant gains in profitability and performance in line with expectations.
Five-year-old performance, confirmed by communications flagship properties: the communications plate has reached 4-g completion, 5-g initial placement, 2. "Mauritium ratio ring, volume-up logic, etc., with multiple benefits, and companies, as manufacturers in the primary telecommunications pcb field, are deeply tied to globally renowned facilities.
q4 slows down because the year's end is marked by a significant increase in the q3 ratio and a logical increase in volume.
The overall performance was expected to be close to completion of the 5g tender period and the 4g replenishment. 5g base station/light transmission/core network/server multi-demand release: 5g after landing, although basic work was done 4. 5g Age, communication boards, server panels and encapsulation
To some extent affected by the epidemic, however, the operator has proposed plans to accelerate construction, plus a commercial carrier-in-carriage network (about 150,000 end-points of mobile spen equipment, over 10 billion purchase budget) and a nuclear kernel-net collection (purchase of udm/udr equipment and nfv virtual layers of equipment by the Central mobile sa core network)
For 371 million basic users, the purchase of iwf gateway equipment for 50 million 5g users) is on the verge of an outbreak of 400g cloud equipment following the start of delivery of the Bobontomahawk4 chip, which can be expected in 2020.
South Passion II is expected to be connected in March and will contribute to performance: the company as a whole is now at a level of nearly 70% restarting, yielding a high crop rate, and the SPCP II production, which was scheduled to start at the end of q1, is expected to increase in the 5g/data centre year.
Some of the overseas storage clients are moving well, and the second half of the year is expected to cross the profit/loss balance point and contribute to their performance.
The output of equipment in the communications category is below expectations; the share of companies in the market is below expectations; the relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as average market investment.