The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) is performing as expected, and the new product is capable of responding to multiple demand releases.
The first quarter of the fourth quarter of 2019 is expected to result in a net return profit of $280 to $420 million, corresponding to a q4 demand vacuum at the same rate: this year ' s communications plate has reached 4g replenishment, 5g initial laying, etc., with multiple benefits, the company being a leading producer in the field of communications pcb, a full-scale layout operator network.
1. "Mauritium ratio ring ratio has increased significantly, with a number of applications, such as volume-upgrade logic, and deep binding of world-renowned equipment dealers, leading to high-performance growth. "
The q4 acceleration slowed, but on the one hand, according to Prismark, the q4 one-quarter pcb industry production ring increase significantly increased by q3 on a year-on-year basis, with a volume rise logic that was positive, the first half of the year the tender was closed and the construction of the 4g was nearing completion, and therefore I did not release the telecommunications panel requirements.
3. In the 5g era, communication boards, server boards and envelopes were found to be difficult and to maintain a stable performance during this vacuum period of demand, and to be in line with expectations. 5g base station/light transmission/core network/server multi-demand release: 5g collection site, followed by operators
Launching of the carrier network (about 150,000 end-points of mobile spn equipment collection, over 10 billion purchase budget) and a million basic users, and acquisition of iwf interconnection gateway equipment for 50 million 5 g users), together with 400g cloud equipment about to explode after delivery of the Tomahawk4 chip, can be foreseen for 2020
Southton II is expected to be connected in March, and will contribute to performance: as the overall industry climate rises, the new production capacity of the Division continues to be available, and the new production capacity of South Chinaton II is expected to be connected in March, bringing 580,000 square metres per year of additional capacity to power growth.
Li, which has now been successfully imported into domestic storage customers, is expected to continue to generate and contribute to their performance.
The output of equipment in the communications category is below expectations; the share of companies in the market is below expectations; the relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as average market investment.