Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The company published its 2019 annual report, which shows that in 2019 it achieved a revenue of $10,524 million, or +38.4 per cent, and a net profit of $1,233 million, or +76.8 per cent, from the mother.
In terms of profitability, the annual Māori rate and net interest rate have reached 1.1 pct. The company ' s year-round performance has been high, its profitability has increased significantly and its performance has met expectations.
With a high growth of 5 g a year, the cash cycle has improved significantly: the communications plate has achieved multiple benefits, such as 4g renovation and 5g initial laying, and the company, as a major communications manufacturer in the pcb area, has demonstrated its high growth performance by showing that 2. "Performance with expectations, new production can meet multiple demands."
The corporate cash flow has increased by 43% over the same period, and the cash cycle has fallen. Released - The Deep South Annual Telegraph Prediction, 20201133.
1.14 A marked improvement in the corporate financial cycle and an increase in operational capacity can be seen in the 5g base station/light transmission/core network/server multi-demand release: operators have offered to accelerate construction - the three-quarter review of deep south circuits.
Plan, whether it's a carrier network (about 150,000 end-points for moving spen equipment, over 100 per cent for purchasing budget, 4. q3 year-on-year significant increase, with a volume increase of the logic of positive billions) or a core web-based collection (the Central and Mobile sa core network buys udm/udr equipment and nfv)
Virtual layer equipment for 371 million basic users, procurement of iwf interconnection gateway equipment for 50 million 5g.
South Passage II will be connected as scheduled, and will contribute to performance: 90% of the company’s Shenzhen area is now back in business, and South Chinaton II production at the end of China’s east is expected to start on schedule. The tin-free board test is going well, is currently well for some of the overseas storage customers, and is expected to cross the profit/loss balance and contribute in the second half of the year.
Given the accelerated construction of 5g, the early outbreak of the server due to the need for the outbreak, the marginal cost of the company, the space for improvement, the distance of ambition, the road to Dundee.
The output of equipment in the communications category is below expectations; the share of companies in the market is below expectations; the relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as average market investment.