The performance met expectations, with South Chinaton II progressing well. On 27 February, the company released a 2019 fast-track performance report: $10.5 billion in revenue, an increase of 38 per cent over the year; and, on the other hand, performance met expectations and increased profitability significantly.
From \triangleright to 85%, real performance is above the median performance interval. q4 single-season revenue of $2.87 billion, 27% more and the ring equal; q4 net profit to mother of $365 million, 63% more than the year; q4 net interest rate is q4
The climate, the abundance of orders, the high productivity performance of the South Passage, the continuation of smart factories and technological changes, the continued appearance of scale effects and the continuous increase in profitability, the continuous increase in the 5g share of operations, the planned return to normal production operations and the gradual increase in capacity utilization
During the spring season, some of the production lines were maintained. Tin-free, Nanton base was relatively low, and the disease prevention work at Shenzhen Long Kong base was relatively low. The output of the bases is now on the rise. Southton II was built in the first half of the 19th century, before the outbreak, the plant was built and the equipment was on the ground.
It was planned to be operational by March 2020, in the area of storage for the location of the tin-free base plate.
Capability accumulation and client certification, currently in the production-capability-upgrading phase, with products mainly stored in the form of storage envelopes, will benefit from the storage of chip national production trends.
The second phase of the project is already under construction, and the company has pre-positioned part of the order, and has established business contacts with a number of customers, including Hua, Dale, Hewlett-Packard, United Nations and Hitter, with an order value of $274 million for the related product in January-June 1919. This project will add 580,000 square metres of pcb production/year after delivery, with a 5g ratio.
It is expected to increase further and continue to benefit from the 5g capital peak. Yearpe is 57, 41, and 35 times higher.
A factor of 43, given that the company is a leading national company in the pcb field, with a strong technical strength and a stable client base of quality, the divisional rating is: q3 performance is over-expected, profitability is high, based on the elasticity of the company's performance growth, and the company's “recommended” rating is maintained.
2. Deep South Circuit (002916) 1. Increased industry competition; 2 - less than expected pace of production; 3 - risk of price volatility of raw materials; 4 - Division review: q3 performance forecast, 5g operations
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,