(a) Information technology hardware and equipment (IT hardware and equipment)
The start of the 4g construction and 5g construction cycle and the realization of growth expectations in South China. In the second half of 2018, a new capacity climb began, a 4g base station was built in 2019 and a 5g base station was built, providing an excellent environment for the company to grow productive capacity, 2019.
During the first three quarters, the revenue from the start-up period was $892 million, which exceeded the year-round income forecast for the ipo hour (the projected annual income from the ipo project is $825 million), and the maintenance of high yields during the period was an important basis for the company ' s revenue and performance growth this year.
But this is normal, with the growth in product structure of 5g, with 2019q3 having high yields and overall profitability (2019q3 Māori, year in which the company's debt-transferable collection for the construction of South Chase II has been completed and the company has been using its own funds.
With funds in advance, it is expected that by the end of the first quarter of 2020, the ramp will be able to replicate a good phase, a 5g base station, a core network building and the release of orders after the import of the major North American server customers in the third quarter of 2019, company pcb products.
The downstream application structure is expected to continue to improve, and the profitability of the business still has scope for further improvement, so that, overall, the construction of the Southerton II phase and the subsequent uphill progress will be in the advanced stages of the slope, and the subsequent contribution cannot be ignored.
Pilot production began in June 2019, and although the downstream positioning of new and old board capacity varies, the company has pre-existing storage stock based on old capacity, helping to speed up the process of certification of new capacity and productivity climbs, but the profitability contribution will still have to wait for good yields and yields.
The firm has taken over almost all of the 02 special-purpose ic-board projects over the last decade, to the extent that it has established its position in the ic-boarding replacement team, which has helped the company to obtain orders from large domestic storage plants such as the Yangtze Reserve and the Fatty-Shopper, and to benefit from a more explicit ic-board-country replacement.
Intergenerational trends, the introduction and smooth climb of the company's additional productive capacity will result in a further growth of two years after the launch of the report's captions, which will lead to a steady growth path, which is being developed in an orderly manner in response to the increased demand for 5g and national production alternatives, respectively.
The slope is not as fast as expected; (3) the silicon-free boarding is slowing down.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report