We're in the joint bank of Hangzhou.
Bank Farmerii Tian Wei Wei Chan Jun Liang
On 16 March 2023, the Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced that the near-Japanese company had received a reply from the Shanghai Superintendency of Silver Insurance on the agreement of the Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank with limited shares in the company ' s investment participation in Hangzhou Union Rural Commercial Bank Ltd., agreeing to the company ' s investment participation in Hangzhou Union Rural Commercial Bank Co. Ltd. (known as the Hangzhou Joint Bank), with an amount of 8.7218 million shares, or 4 per cent of the total shares in the company.
According to the bank, as the only listed comptoir in Shanghai, the company has a clear regional advantage, laying a solid foundation for its commitment to inclusive finance, and for the development of its distinctive micro-innovation business. Hangzhou also has a strong regional advantage, with small micro-innovations and a strong financial presence, and long-triangular layout space has been opened further since the company’s joint bank in Hangzhou.
The Hangzhou Union Bank was created by the Hangzhou Union Rural Cooperation Bank as a whole, which was established in January 2011 and officially opened in March 2011, with hundreds of millions of dollars, with loan deposits ranked among the highest in Hangzhou City.
At the end of 2021, 77.7% of corporate loans came from Hangzhou, 20.7% from other regions of Zhejiang and 2.2% from outside Zhejiang.
Figure 1: Combined bank assets in Hangzhou of more than $400 billion, better growth in corporate performance and greater profitability since the outbreak. Since 2020, affected by increased pre-front fee concessions and competition from peers, firm net interest differentials have declined significantly, but have benefited from a significant expansion in size, public sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector, private sector
The performance of the division has continued to increase. In 2021, the company earned 9,664 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 2,642 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 20.39 per cent in the same year, and figure 3: the net difference between the combined bank of Hangzhou, Roa and Roe, has fallen significantly since the outbreak, but is at a higher level.
The Hangzhou Union Bank has focused on serving citizens and micro-enterprises, resulting in higher loan premium levels, resulting in better net interest differentials. Since 2020, firm net interest differentials have fallen sharply, as a result of the pre-concessional policy and increased competition among colleagues.
The company's focus on traditional lending operations and its high share of net interest income has continued at over 90 per cent, with significant increases in corporate investment returns since the outbreak due to financial easing and an increase in the share of other non-interest income, with a revenue structure of 81.8 per cent net interest income, 2.7 per cent net revenue from fees and commissions and 15.5 per cent from other non-interest income.
Figure 7: The Hangzhou United Bank net interest income ratio is high, increasing in size, insisting on small-scale dispersive strategies The impact of the epidemic, and the Hangzhou United Bank net interest spreads, while falling sharply, have led to an increase in corporate size and net corporate interest income due to a liberal credit environment
A good growth has been achieved. Since 2020, total corporate assets have grown at an average annual rate of 21.2 per cent and total loans at an average annual rate of 21.5 per cent. 29.43 per cent. The share of public loans (excluding discounts) is 44.43 per cent, with manufacturing and wholesale retailing accounting for 11.02 per cent and 9.37 per cent, respectively. Figure 10: Corporate lending structure at the end of 2021
At the end of 2021, the rate was 0.88 per cent, the rate of concern was 0.77 per cent and the value of the “bad/excess loan” was 101.64 per cent. At the end of 2021, the company provided a coverage of 508.07 per cent and sufficient security cushions.
The rapid expansion of size has increased capital consumption, and capital at the core level has continued to decline. At the end of September 2022, the combined bank capital adequacy rate in Hangzhou was 13.54 per cent, capital adequacy at the core level was 9.00 per cent, and capital adequacy at the core level has continued to decline, mainly in recent years as operations have expanded rapidly.
As the only listed comptoir in Shanghai, the company has a clear regional advantage, laying a solid foundation for its commitment to inclusive finance, with a distinctive micro-innovation operation. Hangzhou City has a unique niche, with sophisticated finance, and a long triangular space opened up further after the Bank of Hangzhou, where the comptoirs are involved.
The quality of bank assets may be adversely affected by a steady growth policy that does not produce the expected economic recovery. Regulates, for example, the establishment of agricultural trades and local operations. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.