Gravity appliances: Channel reform gains for old additions Investment rating: buy-in (first time) to domestic air-conditioning headlines with steady growth in performance
Established in 1989, the main business of producing and selling assembly air conditioners, self-contained air conditioners and their associated accessories is now the top/minimum head of the Chinese air conditioner manufacturer for nearly 12 months
Continued expansion; contractual liabilities are at an all-time high, with a high level of operating bottom line. • Core point: Channel reform works to replace old ones with new ones, and homeowners are well placed to implement early, multi-layered regional distribution systems, with emphasis on offline channels. Launched in 2020.
Corporate prices compare to 300 deep, opening up a new round of channel reform, flattening through channels, weakening sales companies, and building a new zero system. As the channel reform continues, companies operate more efficiently, and sales on the line continue.
In March 22024, the State Department launched a programme to promote large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods for old and new jobs.
A better boost to household electricity consumption, coupled with a better share price than the big one in the industry. On April 28, Galli announced that it would invest $3 billion in subsidies to replace old consumers, which is expected to boost consumers’ new demand and raise the company’s terminal share.
The air-conditioning sector has less than expected demand, the pipeline reform has not progressed as much as expected, the old exchange for new subsidies has not increased as expected, industry competition has increased and prices of raw materials have fluctuated.1 The performance of domestic air-conditioning headlines has grown steadily
Gravity Electrics (Called Evergher Electrics, Inc.) was established in 1989 and has been developed into a head business for manufacturers of air conditioners and self-conditioned air conditioners and related spare parts in China for the production and sale of raw air conditioners.
The main battalion performed well and continued to improve its profitability. In 2023, the GW achieved $20.518 billion in net return earnings of $29.17 billion, or +18.41 per cent. The company ' s performance continued upwards for 24 years, with q1 achieving operating income of $36.696 million, or +2.53 per cent; and the parent ' s net profit of $4.675 billion, or +13.77 per cent.
As a result of the start-up results of the reform of the channels, the company’s sales fees are at historically high levels, indicating that the company’s profitable reservoirs are still abundant and operating well.
Channel 2 reforms have been effective in replacing old ones with new ones, and home-based firms have focused early on the under-line dealer crushing model, starting in 2020 with channel reforms. The company’s early introduction of a dynamic system of regional multi-layer distribution systems that bind the interests of producers through policies such as return, stock-holding by distributors, etc.
Using pressurized goods to ensure stability of performance, thereby achieving a rapid increase in the share below the line. But, as the supply and demand of the air conditioning industry changed, the pressure stock model, which used to have size and financial advantages, was gradually replaced by a high turnover and efficient online sales model. According to the Ovi cloud network, the share of air-conditioning line sales increased from 19.3 per cent to 19.3 per cent in 2016-2022.
56.9% The US implemented the “t+3” channel reform and launched a new round of price wars to add to the impact of the epidemic, with a short-cut display of the grid. In 2020, the US share of the “t+3” channel was 34.3%/29.6%, and US revenue from the air-conditioning industry exceeded its capacity.
In 2019, the company introduced a new retail model, "Line-down, Down-line" and set up a direct marketing platform for "Gree Dong Minju" .
It also started working with Skycat and Kyundong to promote a new retail model.
With the gradual improvement of the process, the main air conditioning industry showed a steady upward trend. In 2023, it earned $151.17 billion, equivalent to +12.13 per cent, at a faster rate than the United States (+6.95 per cent).
Underline sales are at the top of the industry. The old subsidy policy of q1 in 2024 led to an increase in sales, but with the fall of the power subsidy policy, sales on the single-month grid in April are expected to continue to rise. The Māori rate, for its part, benefits from excellent branding, and the GLAC sales cost is higher than the same industry; and channels are flattened.
This has led to a decrease in the rate of price increases, although no significant change in the end price has occurred, but the rate has continued to rise, with changes in the 7-grave channel having borne fruit. A new subsidy policy has been introduced to boost domestic electricity into a new cycle of renewal.
To launch a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrading and the exchange of consumer goods for old and new applications for home appliances.
Similar to the previous round (2009 - 2011), the demand for household electricity is expected to increase further as subsidies continue to advance and real estate policies are loose. The previous three rounds of household electricity subsidies, which can be better boosted by market demand, have been counterbalanced by stock prices.
The previous three rounds of household subsidies: between 2007 and 2013, the State introduced a policy to subsidize 13% of the consumer price of products for rural consumers, boosted household electricity consumption by about $7.204 billion, measured leverage (to boost consumption/fiscal subsidies) by 8.8%, and provided rapid household electricity penetration rates for rural residents.
(a) Upgraded to 29.8/72.9/71.2 units per 100 households in rural areas in 2013;
Cuts in factory prices to benefit consumers, and estimates that two rounds of energy-saving consumer consumption together cost more than $100 billion. All three previous rounds of subsidy policies have provided a better boost to household electricity consumption, using white electricity sales as an example. Air conditioners/figures 8 rural empty ice washes per 100 households during the period 2008-2013
Chart 9: The cumulative sales of empty ice washings in the country (millions) – home washing machines with a power of $3 billion plus for new activities, is expected to contribute to a further increase in the end-market share.
The company plans to invest $3 billion in new and old activities for home appliances, and consumers can participate in the dismantling of old air-conditioning machines either through the Goldstone or the under-line shop for free and open brands. According to the Ge Li, the old hang-up/locker is entitled to a new subsidy of $220-400/400-1,000.
In the industry, the gravitational subsidies are slightly lower than they are, but higher than Hale, millet, and so on. The gravitational policy of replacing old subsidies is expected to further stimulate new demand, enhance consumer stickyness and increase effective hedge costs, and demand for the air-conditioning sector has fallen short of expectations, channel reform has not progressed as much as expected, and old subsidies have not been replaced as expected.
Professional baccalaureate, more than a decade of experience in securities practice, has served as an associate in the fields of household electricity, medicine and America, and trans-Scientific and technological issues: Chengsang, Master of Public Administration, Columbia University, United States of America, and Master of Financial Sciences, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and has served in German securities.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.