The depth of the Golem Electric Series (I): The air main industry is solid for anchors and copper prices are rising + the Red Sea incident is causing a fast increase in discharges in the industry.
Process: The country’s air-conditioning flagship, starting with the “Greek Air-conditioning Plant” in 1991, developed into an international chemical industry group with product coverage at the end of b+c in 30 years. We divided the course of corporate development into four stages: initial, leapfrogging, long-term, and extension.
On the entry side, there is a robust growth trend, accompanied by the structural characteristics of diversified operating income, dominated by inward sales. On the profit side, as a result of product structural upgrading and channel reform, the Maori rate has recovered and increased, leading to robust profit growth. 3) Organizational structure: decentralized corporate equity structure, management
Long-term experience in the industry, supported by well-developed equity allocation mechanisms to reward investors, gives a second, home-based perspective: a steady increase in air-conditioning operations and an accurate entry of other products into the market. 1) Air-conditioning: mature product systems that guarantee diversity of demand, strict quality control and long-term post-sale strengthening of production
Core competitiveness, future use of central air conditioning and heating, special environmental conditions and climate, differentialization within 12 months The top/lowest three components of demand still have growth points. 2) Other categories: layout, full household electricity, direct dissipation.
The user needs are painful, using brand endorsements to enter the mid-to-high-end market for items such as refrigerators, washing machines, etc. Third, commercial scenes: central air conditioning remains an important growth point in operations, and frozen refrigeration operations are emerging < < < power appliances: 2024q1 continuously raising profitability
1) Central air conditioning and other heating: the commercial central air conditioning industry leads with many technologies, which rises, invests $3 billion to start a “old for new” job, and takes down large engineering projects on several occasions. 2) Refrigerated refrigeration: the product matrix is rich.
Motions >--2024-05 and their application to multiple scenarios, strong R & D strengths and energy-efficient design concepts are the core of their performance growth competitiveness, and frozen refrigeration classes may become new performance growth points.
Investment proposals: At the end of the industry, channels are affected or will be actively prepared by the rise in copper prices and the events in the Red Sea, while a new round of domestic electricity is being replaced by the growth of the old or supportive white-power industry in the country, and demand in overseas markets continues to recover. At the end of the firm, fine product matrices are constantly being developed, and household air conditioning and heating are being developed.
• Research assistant: Kim Yong-yeon, business accelerates growth, adding innovative drivers to enable green development and is expected to provide new performance growth
GREEDER DEEP (I): The air master industry is solid for anchors, copper prices are high + Red Sea events are fast-growing for discharges, GREED ELECTRONIC FIGHT (I): the air master industry is solid for anchors, copper prices are high
The rise + the rise in emissions from the Red Sea events, the depths of the Gore Electric series (I): the air master industry is solid for anchors, copper prices are rising + the rise in emissions from the Red Sea events.
GREEDER DEEP (I): The air master industry is solid for anchors, copper prices are high + Red Sea events are leading to fast-growing emissions in the industry
(i) Air conditioning start-up, construction of a multi-brand matrix 1. Specialized division of labour for brands, diversified business layout, domestic air conditioning flagships, multi-brand cover of b+c end. Joo Hagrid Electric Co. Ltd. was established in 1991.
It is an international enterprise that collects R & D, produces, sells, and serves as one. 1) Business aspects: company-owned air conditioning, industrial products, green energy, appliances, smart equipment, etc. 2) Brand aspects: various brands of the company are placed on the b and c ends, of which “Gree”, “Tasonetosot”, “Cryshiro” are the company's three C-end brands, “Hinda”, “Kaibang”, “New”
In addition, the company acquired new sources of energy (later known as Gestapo) for the environment of the shield and for the silver-drawn energy, and vertically laid out the industrial chain. Chart 1: The division of tasks for corporate brand specialization and multi-faceted patterns of operations
Air conditioners began as air conditioners for 30 years and became the International Chemical Industries Group (ICC) (1) at its inception (1985-1994): the foundation of the first phase of the construction of the “gree” trademark, which was founded in December 1985 by the General Industrial Development Corporation of the Everest Special Economic Zone, former member of the Greco Group: Coyoto Plastics Co. Ltd. and Pearl in 1991
In November of the same year, the first phase of the project, which had invested $200 million in 100,000 square metres of land, began construction on the front of the mountain. In December 1994, the Gear used the brand “gree” in both domestic and international markets.
In 1997, the company set up its first regional marketing company in Hubei.
The new marketing model in the 21st century economy. (3) The leap (2001-2010): Dong Myung Joo led the fast-growing phase, with air-conditioning production at the top of the world’s market.
The company became the world's leading professional air-conditioning production base in December 2003, when it completed the four-phase project, which invested $700 million in geo-electric appliances covering 200,000 square metres. In September 2004, the company acquired the company's companies, such as the Lenda compressor, New dollar electronics, electric power workers, and small domestic appliances, to further strengthen and refine the industry chain. In December 2005, the company's annual household air-conditioning product.
In July 2011, the company ' s first global model propane-based air conditioner production line was officially completed, and it was the joint Chinese-German team of experts.
In May 2012, Dong Min Joo became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Goli Electric Power Company, the country’s first electricity company with a revenue of hundreds of millions of dollars. In August 2015, the company’s autonomous “millions of kilowatt-grade nuclear water cooling centrifuges” were identified as “internationally advanced” to achieve a breakthrough in the country’s autonomous brand of zero.
(v) Extension period (2016-to date): the acquisition of new energy sources for Silver Dragons and Shields and the expansion of the Middle East market at the Qatar World Cup. The company aimed at the high-profile new energy track, acquiring the new energy and shield environment in Silverstone in 2016 and 2022, and the installation of new energy vehicles and storage energy.
An air-conditioning set, accompanied by a six-year-long Greath becoming the first brand in the Qatar air-conditioning market, continues to expand the Middle East emerging market.
(ii) The income profits in 2023 were historically high, the profitability of which was constantly being repaired The process of industrialization was moving forward and was dynamic in terms of high-end equipment, industrial products, green energy, and so on.
The rise in emissions from the Red Sea has led to a rapid increase in the production of industrial products and green energy operations, with a sustained increase in revenues from industrial products and green energy operations, and significant gains in diversification. 2017 - as a result of a sustained increase in revenues.
3.48% of this is due to an increase in revenue from air conditioning or to the continued roll-out of new items due to the company ' s focused market demand, the increase in smart equipment/green energy, or to the continuous advancement of technological innovations. 2) For external sales, the revenue from the company ' s external sales (principal business) in 2017-2023 is derived from increased demand for air conditioning as a whole.
(i) The depth of the Goli Electric Series (I): the main air-based industry is solid for anchors, the price of copper is rising + the rapid increase in emissions from the Red Sea incident, which has dropped from 32.86 per cent to 24.28 per cent, mainly as a result of, or as a result of, the policy of “stay-in-house” and the slowdown in urbanization.
The overall rate of growth in the air-conditioning sector has slowed, and market competition has intensified, resulting in a five-year-long decline in the Māori rate in the company ' s air-conditioning industry.
In 2023, the net return to the mother was at an all-time high and the profitability was constantly being repaired. 1) Net return: the public increase was negative for 2017-2023, driven mainly by the growth in revenue generated by the opening of online channels; in 2023, the net return to the mother was $29,017 million, compared to +18.41 per cent, a record high, with the main air conditioning major marketing channels expanding actively, while industrializing
2) Net interest rate: the rate of net return to the company has been rising since 2021, the depth of the power appliances series (I): the owner is strong for anchors, the copper price has risen, and the Red Sea incident has led to a rapid increase in emissions.
(iii) The corporate equity structure is more fragmented, the management industry is more experienced, and the corporate equity structure is relatively fragmented. The top 10 shareholders in the company together account for 45.66% of the total, with the company's management being experienced and many core executives serving in the company for more than 10 years.
For the rest of the year, based on the stability of the management team, the company actively selects and recruits the best managerial and professional personnel to join the management team and continues to contribute to the rapid and healthy development of the company’s business.
The boom + the Red Sea events have led to a rapid increase in emissions from the industry, and the equity allocation program has been stable and well-established, with companies completing four rounds of stock buybacks in three years, with a cumulative total of $30 billion since 2020.
Implementation of a four-phase buy-back, with a top-up completion plan, with a cumulative buy-back of $30 billion; the third largest buy-back, with a buy-back of $3 billion, will be used for the employee equity incentive scheme.
(i) Air conditioning: mature systems to meet diverse needs, broken down into categories of assistive business expansion
Main camp air conditioner product matrices are mature to meet the needs of different consumer groups and scenarios. 1) Type: Company air conditioning can be divided into hangers, cabinets, special air conditioners, central air conditioners, four main types of air conditioners, mainly portable air conditioners, stationary air conditioners, air conditioners, and silo machines. 2) Area of use: includes 15 to 20 square metres, 20 to 30 square metres, etc.
30-40 square metres, etc., using a range of products of one, 1.5, 2 and 3 different sizes: 3) functional aspects: provision of ai voice control, health sepsis, HMS, 60°C high temperature cooling, etc., on the modulation function of the base; 4) energy efficiency aspects: provision of three levels 1-3 of energy efficiency; 5) price aspects: full price coverage from the product segment
The quality control system has become a complete system, building up a t9 comprehensive quality control model, a d-ctfp technology innovation cycle, and “making the world fall in love with each other.”
(i) The depth of the Goli Electric Series (I): the air master industry is solid for anchorheads and copper prices are rising + the Red Sea events are leading to an increase in emissions from the industry, and China is building a "Girl Perfect Quality Management" model; and advanced technology and innovation have enabled it to achieve the best quality in the industry.
Only three out of every 10,000 products require after-sale services. In 2021, the company proposed a 10-year policy of free insurance for air conditioners, which has not yet been followed by other companies in the industry.
Good quality, good after-sales policies and high customer satisfaction, creating significant quality advantages and branding influence, bringing corporate brand image to the heart and providing core competitiveness for the company’s continued development. Companies promote product structure and quality optimization and market segmentation in response to the needs and special use environments of different consumer groups.
We believe that the future growth in corporate air conditioning is expected in three areas: 1. Central air conditioning and heating for household use: branding is at the top of the list, and advanced technology has a global reputation. According to Aiken Network, China’s Central Space 2023.
In 2023, the company released a series of Grystar and k+ products using advanced technologies such as full flow frequency, self-adaptation intelligence, activation, etc. that meet consumers’ needs for sounding, precision temperature control, self-cleaning, etc.
The continent ' s air-source heat pump market, where the company developed integrated heat pumps for air conditioning, heating and hot water functions, was certified in a series of sgs and widely recognized by European multinational consumers.
The rise + the rise in the red sea has led to a rapid increase in the production of the industry, and companies have customized and high-end features that are expected to benefit from the industry’s growth dividend as a leader. For different household types and sizes, the wise series offers three, six, and seven solutions; depending on the room.
The series also provides a bathing piped interior machine designed for the bathroom, and a condolence piped interior machine designed for the south to protect against the tide. According to the official store, two rooms, three rooms, two rooms, four rooms, two rooms, two rooms, and a family central air conditioner price of 6.5, 7.4 and 82,000, respectively. We believe that, with the diversification of household needs and the expansion of the high-end market, the use of the central air conditioner has been fixed.
The institutionalization of services and high-end positioning will contribute to the continued growth of their market demand and, as one of the vanguards of the central air-conditioning industry for domestic use, the hope is to benefit from the benefits of industry expansion, to further enhance their market share and profitability, and to promote further growth in corporate business.
The company has developed thin cream for specific environments, fast-mixed smart air-conditioning, super-efficient air-conditioning, and high-efficiency light storage air-conditioning for tropical areas, providing individualized, temperature-controlled solutions for customers. For the tropical high-temperature climate in Saudi Arabia, the company has developed a level-a energy-efficient, high-temperature air-conditioning for Saudi Arabia.
- The energy-efficient household air conditioners of the Glicotropic climate, which combines the technologies of parallel heat-exchange compression, photovoltage, storage, etc., for efficient operation of cooling in the tropical climate, with the certification of saso energy efficiency, have a depth of gravity electrical series for promoting energy-saving reductions in air conditioners (I): the air master industry is solid for anchoring dragons and copper prices
The rise in the Red Sea has brought about a rapid increase in emissions from the industry. We believe that companies may be able to compete by providing customers with temperature-controlled solutions adapted to different environments, and that the photo-storage air conditioner class, which targets tropical hot climates, is expected to help sustain the expansion of the Middle East market.
Figure 16: Efficient energy efficiency of the GLONASS air-conditioning system 3. Depending on differentiated demand:
By analysing the consumer groups, the company develops different sets of new products, such as wind, retro-wind, clothe wind, etc.; different groups of products, based on consumer demand, carry new wind, wind vents, direct blow-proofing, fungus, high-temperature cooling, etc.
Tama is designed as the main source of the skin design, with the functions of a constant temperature-stereotyping, 56°C fungi self-purification, intelligent sensory displays, wifi intelligence control, etc., which effectively improves the comfort of air conditioning and meets the needs of customers for beauty, clean and intelligent air conditioning. We believe that the company has met the needs of consumers for personalization, high-end adaptation of product appearances and functions through product design innovations and technological improvements.
Quest, help increase the competitiveness of their products. Geli appliance series depth (I): Air masters are solid anchors, copper prices are rising + Red Sea events are leading to a rapid increase in industrial discharges.
Chart 17: The company's flagship air conditioner series, Han White Jade, captures the best of consumers. Other product functional innovations (ii) Other categories: layout of the home-wide electrical chain, refrigerators, washing machines, direct shocks to consumer pain points, in addition to the main air-conditioning business, the company has distributed the whole household battery at the lower end of the ship. We have chosen to develop it relatively maturely.
For example, refrigerators and washing machines are two major white electrical categories, outlining the layout of their products, their core advantages, and their prospects for future development. The product matrix is well developed, with the main top-end markets in the layout. 1) Type: company refrigerators are dominated by domestic refrigerators, which can be broken down into three types of domestic refrigerators, freezers, and wine cabinets, with a total of more than 50 products. 2) Volume: household refrigerators.
For less than 100l, 101-200l, 201-300l, 301-500l and more than 500l: size ranging from small to large basic equivalent minibar refrigerators, two refrigerators, three refrigerators, open refrigerators, cross-to-door refrigerators, five types of doors.
Multi-products. 4) Prices: The price segment focuses on $1,000-8,000, of which 4,000-7,000 is the most. The depth of the power appliances series (I): the owner of the air is strong for anchors, the copper price rises + the Red Sea events have led to a rapid increase in emissions from the industry.
Figure 18: The company ' s refrigerator product matrix is perfect, and the main top- and middle-end market of the layout is oriented towards consumer demand, with the introduction of a dichotomy of refrigerator products. The company optimizes storage through wind-cooling frequency technologies, as well as the addition of multiple functions to the product by door-clicted iterative techniques, with efficient space utilization, uniform visual effects and abundance
Galli Electric Series Depth (I): The air master industry is solid as anchorheads, copper prices are high + Red Sea events are pulling up industrial discharges, and fresh storage functions are used to meet the personalized needs of different consumers.
In addition, the product uses plasma antibacterial techniques that quickly remove harmful bacteria from the air at a rate of more than 99 per cent; optimizes functionality while better integrating them into the home environment.
Functionality and aesthetics combined. Geli Electric series depth (I): Air masters are solid anchorhouses, copper prices are rising + Red Sea events are leading to a rapid increase in the production of the industry.
(b) A gradual enrichment of the product matrix, with the brand endorsements entering the market at the middle and high end. 1) Type: divided into roller washing machines, wheel washing machines, dry-cleaning machines, dryer machines, four major types, with a total of more than 20 units. 2) Capacity: based on individual washings.
The clothing that the detergent can accommodate is divided into 8 kgg, 8-10 kg, 10 kg, or more. 3) Series: series of stargazing, astropainting, pristine, sorghum, pure soft, heat pumps, etc. 4) price: product prices vary from $2,000 to tens of thousands. Consistent with the orientation of “ai smart washing” and “heat pump washing” to explore the process of structural transformation of products.
Laundry: The company ' s smart pineai fast dryer, which uses double condensation channels, has increased the condensation area by 140%, and has greatly increased heat exchange efficiency. And it draws on air conditioning wind-channel design techniques, which has raised wind volume by 20%, which can dry faster.
In addition, the product is equipped with three sensitive temperature control devices, which automatically stop drying. 2) Thermopump washing: the company uses compressor straight-cold techniques and radiator-cooled compressors to make cold wind cooling and efficient drying possible.
Dry, with a 37°C body-sweeper-sweet drying and load-down technology, with a significant increase in drying speed, shorter drying time, and multiple performances of washing, baking, and caring for triads. We believe that the company is actively developing high-end functionality, exploring product upgrading, helping to improve the structure of its own washing machine products, advanced technology, big brand backs.
Together, such advantages as books help companies build on high-end markets in the cleaning industry.
Business scenes: An important growth point for the pan-air business. The cooling/refrigerating business, the central air conditioner and other warmers, the high-end technology lead market, many large-scale engineering, the commercial central air conditioner application, which has a wide variety of product types. The main applications for the company's commercial central air conditioner are:
Large business centres, high-end hotels, factories, schools, etc., which are divided mainly into centrifuges, photovoltaics, multi-connected, screwrs, mounds, household machines, unit machines, wind tubes, special units, roof machines, etc.
In our view, the company's commercial central air conditioners are in the forefront of high-temperature heat pumps, energy efficiency, smart ring control, etc. 1) high-temperature heat pump technology: the company uses 10kv high-pressure PVD, double-compressed chain multi-level compressor platforms and low levels.
Advanced technologies such as pressurized r1233zd (e) have developed high-temperature centrifugal heat pumps with a maximum temperature of 140°C from the water outing. The product fills a gap in the market for high-temperature heat pumps and effectively addresses the inefficient and polluting industrial coal-fired stoves and meets the demand for typical non-processed industrial heating areas such as textiles, dyes, foods, etc.
2) Energy efficiency: The company has developed a high-energy-to-frequency-to-coercial cooling cooler unit by studying two-modified flow-saving energy control strategies, multi-level asymmetric water/winding structures, preservative and anti-pollution design techniques. This technology addresses the issues of compressor efficiency, poor evaporation and heat efficiency, high drifting volume, long-term operation of corrosive and scavenging machines.
The combined energy factor iplv6.0 is more than 30 per cent more efficient than the conventional fleet.
3) Smart ring systems: To address the high energy consumption of conventional orbital transport systems, the company has autonomously developed “a high-efficiency direct refrigeration air conditioning unit at a subway station” and has been certified as an “international leader” with an efficient ring control technology that provides equipment support for China to build energy-efficient orbital transport.
The traditional approach is to save 53.6 per cent of energy and 50 per cent — 55 per cent — of underground air-conditioning energy; if the energy of the ring-controlled system accounts for 50 per cent of the total energy consumption of the subway, the total energy consumption of the subway is more than 25 per cent for the cellular magnetic suspension of the direct refrigeration air-conditioning unit.
The rise in the Red Sea has led to a rapid increase in production in the industry, which operates the “Efficient Direct Refrigeration Air-Conditioning Unit at Metro Stations” and has been recognized by the “International Lead” company on several occasions in collaboration with the government and large companies to provide a wide range of high-efficiency units.
In July 2023, the Central State Agency's Government Procurement Centre issued a “Bulleting of the Central State Agency's 2023 Framework Framework Agreement on Air-conditioning”, and the company was re-listed for supply. In addition, in 2023, several competitions were held in the Great Canal Olympic Park, the Hongzhou branch chess complex of the Chinese chess court, etc.
In the district of Hangzhou ' s Amazonian village, the services are provided by the Glico Central Air Conditioning Unit, which covers a wide range of high-efficiency units, such as the gravity screw cooler (heat) water-conditioning unit, the modular air-conditioning unit, the air-conditioning unit of the cooler wind tube, the artificial intelligence multi-connected, the direct-flow power source multi-connected, etc.
GREEDER DEEP (I): The air master industry is solid for anchors, copper prices are rising + Red Sea events are leading to a rapid increase in emissions from the industry.
The company has become the leader of the commercial central air-conditioning industry, and the branding effect is evident. According to the Aiken household power release of the Central Air-conditioning Market National Report for mid-2023, the volume of G-house and commercial central air-conditioning is more than $20 billion; in the engineering project market, G-business central air-conditioning occupies the top two positions in the industry at a market rate of more than 15%.
The company’s accumulated experience in a number of large-scale engineering projects and the photoring effect of the industry’s leadership have helped to increase the company’s branding effect and further expand its market share.
(ii) Refrigeration: complete chain coverage of products, combined with both technology and energy-saving advantages Products of individual models, low-temperature storage and storage technologies applied to reach a minimum -86°C cold storage temperature. Products are commercial and industrial.
Two major areas have been widely applied to various scenarios, such as hotels, supermarkets, medicine, agriculture, chemicals, defence, ranging from frozen storage to sea- and land-based refrigeration transport, and near-consumer cold chain terminals, leading to full-scale cold chain management. We believe that strong R & D power and energy-efficient design concepts are the core competition for the growth of refrigeration operations by support companies.
1) Refrigerated refrigeration technology leads the way by introducing all-chain system products. The company is committed to research and application of refrigeration technology, has mastered core techniques for low-temperature storage and has successfully developed a series and model of whole-chain products.
The unprocessed thugs are usually available only for 3 to 5 days, and after special treatment they reach 7 to 10 days; and the company ' s products enable the thugs to reach a eugenic rate of 99.8 per cent after 20 days of storage, and the product ' s unique global permeability winding design allows us to precisely limit the loss of thumps to 0.51 per cent.
It is argued that continued technological innovation and strong R & D strength in companies underpin their sustained roll-out of diversified, personalized whole-cold chain products to meet the changing and upgrading needs of the market, or will effectively contribute to an increase in the market share and performance of companies.
2) Equipment energy efficiency is significant and responds positively to the concept of green development. 1) Product end: The company also focuses on reducing energy consumption while meeting the need for high-precision cold storage.
The plant energy-saving reduction solution, 2023h1, with the implementation of energy-efficient improvement projects such as the optimisation of the plating process, the improvement of the energy efficiency of the commercial testing system, the optimization of the air conditioning system, the improvement of the energy efficiency of air-pressure stations, and the optimization of the workshop-wetting mode, resulted in savings of 2206 tonnes of standard coal and a reduction of carbon dioxide emissions of approximately 3193 tonnes, with good energy-saving emission reductions.
The growing importance of environmental protection in society and the increased demand for energy-efficient products in the market as a result of the introduction of new energy efficiency targets, the introduction by companies of smart factory solutions that have a significant impact on refrigeration equipment and respond to the green development concept, would help companies attract more customers, the depth of the power appliances series (I): the ownership of the air is firmly anchored and the copper price is high.
Figure 29: The company has introduced an integrated, energy-efficient, thermal fluorine cooling unit.
(i) Critical assumption 1) End of industry: the rise in copper prices and the Red Sea events have led to the active preparation of air-conditioning channels, replacing them with old policies or leading the way
1) Macro factors: According to industry online data, 20.53 million domestic air-conditioning discharges (+16.8%) in June 2024 continued to grow at a rapid rate and the risk of rising shipping costs, mainly from copper prices and the Red Sea events, increased the volume of pipelines. 2) Old for new: the fourth meeting of the Central Finance Committee, held on 23 February 2024, noted the need to encourage them.
Traditional consumer goods such as automobiles, appliances, etc. are replaced by old ones. We believe that macro-factors, combined with new domestic policies, will contribute to the future growth of the electricity industry; companies, as champions of air-conditioning products, are expected to take the lead in reaping industrial dividends. 2) At the corporate level: in terms of domestic use, the company’s basic air-conditioning operations have increased steadily, and there is no room for household use, no special climate, no difference.
Demand is expected to provide a new engine for growth; while under brand endorsements from leading air-conditioning industries, the company offers a full-scale distribution of all household appliances to medium- and high-end markets such as military refrigerators and washing machines. On the commercial side, the company’s central air-conditioning industry has a number of technological leaders, taking over large engineering projects on many occasions, and is expected to achieve a sustained expansion of operations in the future with technological and project-experienced advantages;
Refrigerated freezers may become a new performance growth point, supported by core R&D and energy-saving competitiveness. We expect that the depth of the GRE series (I) is strong for anchors, copper prices are rising, and the Red Sea events are driving up emissions in the industry.
(ii) Prospective and valuation of profits due to the rise in copper prices and the rise in emissions from the Red Sea events
The white-telephone-like conglomerates, Hale Jiji, Hysin, as comparable companies, have a lower valuation level and a historically lower value than comparable companies, with a wider range of growth space. Continued deep-deeping and consolidation of the air-conditioning leader position, active development of new and emerging business such as new energy sources, industrial products, etc., cover, for the first time,
" Buy-in" rating. Glycerines continue to build up a fine product matrix to keep household air-conditioning and heating units high on average; and it is proposed to increase the company ' s share of Glycium to help accelerate the development of new energy operations, driven by innovation to the depth of the Glycerine series (I): the air master industry is solid for anchors and copper prices are high.
1. Risks of macroeconomic volatility: household electricity products are consumer-friendly, and macroeconomic changes may affect the consumer’s income position, leading to a restructuring of household electricity expenditures. Meanwhile, real estate is in a state of recession, and real estate policy demands domestic electricity.
2) Risk of price volatility of factors of production: the cost of raw materials as a proportion of the cost of primary business is significant, and price fluctuations of raw materials affect the cost of doing business. At the same time, increases in labour costs affect the profits of companies. 3) Exchange rate fluctuations: exchange rate fluctuations reduce the price advantage of products and discourage their export competitiveness, while increasing public prices.
4) Market competition increases the risk: urbanization is accelerating, electricity retention is rising significantly, industry competition is increasing and 5. Overseas political risk: companies are rich overseas, the political situation abroad is changing, and increased trade frictions may expose offshore operations to greater risks.
The depth of the Gory Electric Series (I): The air master industry is solid for anchorheads, copper prices are rising + the Red Sea incident is leading to a rapid increase in emissions from the industry.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.