Wall car: 22h1 net profit increases, continues to be valued at the company's rising prices + exchange rate gains + 22h1 net profit increases. Company 22h1 was affected by the epidemic, resulting in a total of 518,000 vehicles sold, compared to 16.1 per cent, against a background of a decline in sales on the same basis.
The net profit increase was mainly due to: 1) upgrading of corporate products, higher prices for single-car sales, and 22h1 generating $12 million per bicycle, or +19.6 per cent, compared with +19.6 per cent; 2) higher exchange gains, with 22h1 achieving a gain of $2.67 billion.
The net profit ring increases unless recurrent gains and losses are eliminated. In 2022, H1 realized the net profit of $2.06 billion, or 27.6 per cent; of that, q2 realized the net profit of $756 million, or 49.9 per cent, if the net profit of the parent is the net profit of the company, the net profit of the company's 22h1h1 is the net profit.
10,800 dollars, +89.2% of the year; the company 22h1 car buttons and the high Māori ratio increase and improve profitability unless recurrent gains and losses are excluded. The company 22h1 Māori rate is 18.38%, \triangleright
High-priced car sales are higher. The structure of the company’s products continues to improve, and in the case of higher-priced car sales, the company’s Māori rate is higher. The company expects new cars to be on the market, Huffh6 blender, Sharon, Robot and Lightning Cat, all of which are higher-priced models, and we expect new cars to be on the market and so on.
On August 22, the company released the Hover brand new talent \triangleright.
The source strategy is that in 2025, the company Hover will sell 80% of its new energy sources, and in 2030, the fuel truck will be shut down. Meanwhile, the third generation of h6 lemon blended dht will be released simultaneously, with dht selling at $149.8 million, dht-phev55km at $168.8 million and 110km.
The company's original new energy vehicle is concentrated in the Ora brand and the Wey brand, and has a segmented market location, where the Ora brand plays the female market and is positioned as "Lover Sinda Securities Company."
Women's Automobile brands. Wey brands are changing to a new generation of smart cars like "cindasecuritiesco., ltd cars," and Hover brands' electric transformations have filled up the company's new energy at around $10-2 million.
The new energy car product is even more comprehensive in its layout, as the Hafer brand changes to "new energy suv specialists."
The company’s electric layout is becoming more comprehensive, the prices of its products are more widespread, and the company’s combined electric vehicle sales are expected to increase significantly. We expect the company’s net return to its mother in 2022-2024 to be $8.3 billion, a risk factor: the new car market process is less than expected, the industry’s downside risks, and so on.
\triangleright Figure 1: Wall semi-annual motor revenue (millions of dollars) and speed of growth Figure 2: Wall quarterly car revenue (millions of dollars) and speed of increase
Figure 7: Half-yearly sales of Great Wall cars (millions) and speed increases: Figure 8: Quarterly sales of Great Wall cars (millions) and speed increases: four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-resumed equity advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.