Wall car (601633): Short-term electrical disturbance, movable property sales, attention to Hafer's new energy transformation, the Great Wall car.
Incidents: The Great Wall Cars published the August 2022 Express, and the company sold 88,226 vehicles in August, compared to 18.8 per cent in August, and the Hafer brand sold 50,400 vehicles in August, compared to 24.3 per cent in August; Wey Products is a globally known suv manufacturing firm, adhering to “every one”.
A little bit of progress in the business concept, with an advanced corporate culture and management team, created a unique business that sold 9,161 brands, 24.7 per cent of the year, and 10,008 tank brands, 66.6 per cent of the year.
The company’s sales grew by 18.8% in August, and the ring by 13.4% in August, because the sales base for the same period last year was affected by a shortage of industry chips.
The decline in the ring ratio is due mainly to power restrictions in the Kawasaka region in August. The company's supply chain is limited at the factory in Chongqing Yongchuan (principal debt and cross-equity presentation: to produce tanks, pick-up trucks). As the power supply in the Kawasaka area is restored, the supply is limited.
2021-06-10 release of $3.5 billion in debt-transferable six-year period short-term disturbances in the response chain will fade, focusing on the release of sales after the recovery of productive capacity. Hafer brands are fully transformed into new energy sources, and H6 hybrids are about to be delivered.
Energy strategy, declaring a full transition to a new energy track. Hafer brand brand brand brand rejuvenates, with a new model based on lemon-mixed dht technology platform. Third generation hev, phev versions are about to be delivered at a price of $149.98 million and $16.88-17.68 million, respectively, for the new Haf-dog displayed at the Chengdu exhibition.
The energy vehicle model will also be placed on the market during the year, accelerating the new energy transformation of the Hafer brand. We believe that the Hafer brand, which is the cornerstone of the sale of the Great Wall ' s cars, formally makes a full transition to the new energy source, marking 52 weeks of stock price range in the Wall.
The new car cycle has continued, with more new vehicles listed in the second half of the year. This year, the company has entered the market.
Total equity/circulationa (millions) Merca dht-phev and latte dht-phev made by Morphine Smart Platform, Fashion commercial pickup b/h share (millions)
Guns, Ora's first female ballet cat, Hafer's hot dog and super-mixed Hev, tank 500 phev, Eura Flash cat, etc., have a lot of electric, intelligent and new items, and a rich company's product matrix.
In the medium-to-long term, institutional change and technological innovation enablers have shifted to electric intelligence. Companies have changed the bottom shelf, moving from a “car-making enterprise” to a “user-services-run enterprise,” business.
The paradigm shifts to "product+software+services" to provide the basis for effectively exploiting market demand. In the area of electricization, the company ' s lemon mix dht, hydrogen-related technologies will continue to fall, and 3.0t+9at/9hat superpower levels will continue to fall further on tanks 500 and so on.
The company’s long-term accumulation of core technology and product strategies for the focused breakdowns are important contributions to the company’s continued transformation of electric intelligence. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the continued push of the new cycle is the weight of the company’s sales and performance gains.
In the medium and long term, with the opportunity of the rise in autonomous new energy sources, the share of electricity-smart products in the company will increase even further.
The Great Wall Car (601633): Power restrictions on the sale of movable property, attention to the new energy transformation of Hafer, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Great Wall car (601633) with a limited power supply for short-term disturbance of movable property and attention to the new energy transition in Hafer.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.