Summary of events: On 8 July 2022, the Wall Cars released a June Express: In June, Car Production \triangleright resumed order and the company ' s sales performance for the second half of the year was expected to improve continuously.
\triangleright \triangleright, +0.52%/ring +26.38%, q-month sales were first positive. Haver/tank/Ora/wey/pikka sales were 5.13/4/11.1.595/0.29/2.13 million, respectively, with ring points.
Now, it's mainly the 300-500 series of tanks. With the rapid recovery of the supply chain after the outbreak, and the easing of chip problems, the bottlenecks in corporate capacity are opening up; policies such as the downside of cars and the reduction of purchase taxes, which stimulate consumer demand; and the rapid recovery of supply and demand in the build-up of new products, with the company's sales increasing in the second half of the year.
The strategic effects of brand differentiation are highlighted, and the product structure optimizes the brand upwards. For example, the brands are broken. 1) Hafer: 130.9 million cars sold in the first half of the first half of H6 and the new Hafer dog chasers and the Hafer beast dht is expected to continue on a continuous basis; 2) wey: latte dht has been introduced into the market, followed by a series of new dreams, etc.
The vehicle is expected to be marketed gradually; 3) Ora: in July, the ballet cat will be officially marketed and the second half of the year will be marketed; 4) Tanks: cumulative delivery of the tank 300 has passed over 130,000 so far, followed by the high end tank 500/700/800, which is expected to drive brand prices up.
The period continues, with Haferkaw dogs, h6 mixed, Wei latte dht-phev, dream and Ora Ballet cats, lightning cats, and punk cats on the market or on the bright side in the second half of the year. With brands heavily loaded with new cars, companies are expected to move up to a new price level through a full and deep-deep market-driven incremental space.
The strategy of globalization has continued and the transformation of intelligence has accelerated. The cumulative volume of overseas sales has gone out of millions and has been exported to more than 170 countries and territories around the world, with nearly 700 overseas outlets, and the strategy of globalization has continued. In June, the proportion of car-type sales based on the three technology brands of lemon, tanks, coffee intelligence has risen to 69%.
With respect to electrodynamics, the lemon mix dht has the technological advantage of “global scene & full speed, efficiency & high performance” to increase the competitiveness of products. With regard to intelligence, the company expects to launch a new generation of electronics architecture geep4.0 this year, and to actively set up the core of the smart chassis.
In the field of arts; and MMI's launch in April of Hpilot 3.0's “mnuff city noh”, expected to be the result of a high-city car (601633.sh) in April: this year's launch of the city noh. The company is actively promoting the layout of the electro-intelligent technology, and the product is expected to increase.
2. The Great Wall Car (60163.sh) was reported in the first quarter of 2022.
\triangleright Industrial Policy, keeping the “recommended” rating for company electric intelligence development and multi-brand strategic development.
The Great Wall Car (60163.sh) 2021 report point \triangleright \triangleright assessment: single-car camp is on the move and the volume is on the rise
5. The Wall Automobile (60163.sh) is published in February with a fast-track assessment of the production and sale of missing cores, intelligent enabling brands up-to-date methodological and analytical logic, research findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.