The distribution in August was equal to +19 per cent, with a high-value vehicle size higher than the one in Bida, and the research assistant, Yang Wai-ging, announced: 87751/88226, respectively, for the Great Wall vehicles in August.
+19.99 per cent/+18.81 per cent ring ratio - 14.16 per cent/-13.44 per cent; of these, wholesale sales of new energy vehicles increased by the same time in August, mainly due to short-term supply limits, high-priced and high-quality vehicle models, compared to the newest in history: the Great Wall cars grew by the same year in August, mainly because the chips were shorter during the same period last year.
Shortfalls are serious and supply ends are limited; the decline in the ring comparison is mainly due to the production of vehicles affected by high temperature restrictions in the Kawasaka area, and production capacity will be released gradually as power and spare parts are restored in some areas. By brand, the three main brands of Haf/Pika/tank have all grown positively, but the ring ratio is positive.
The volume of sales declined by 50400/1556/1008 and increased by 24 per cent/+41 per cent/+67 per cent in the same year, while the sales of the value & smart car pattern continued to increase by $200,000 in January-August, the sales of the Great Wall vehicles rose to 14.41 per cent in the number of cars on board and the sales of the smart car model by 85.59 per cent.
Three technology brands have increased their sales to 70%, a record high. The new energy matrix has continued to expand, and the globalization strategy has accelerated. 1) New cars, technology, powerful brand products, and major brands have combined electric intelligence.
The blended version is officially on the market, with bulk deliveries opened in September; the H6pev version is open for pre-sale and is expected to open official listing at q4; in response to the trend of a mixed market outbreak, h6 is expected to make further breakthroughs with its own hard product, product and brand influence.
The photo-radar version, the dream-based version of the product, the smart technology with a new product sequence, high-end speed. The Ora Lightcat is about to be on the market, carrying ora-pilot 3.0 smart driving aids and hives, Hwa+noh high-speed piloting batteries.
The Great Wall Automobile (601633): Mid 2022, Nobu+New Energy technology route and super-mixed structures across the country, brands of tanks, tanks, reports: q2 performances match expectations, Māori
300hev and tank 500phev plug-in will be launched globally this year. 2) With regard to export markets, the product + channel + production capacity is on track to continue the globalization strategy. In August, the Wall was officially signed with German market distributors, Wei Moka/Oura.
The model was officially released; and the first Haffah 6hev version was officially delivered in Thailand. In addition, Hafer, The Great Wall Cars (601633): watch Hafer's dog is officially listed in South America; effective progress has also been made with the Middle East market distribution agency, Bakis.
h6 New Energy, Full Accelerating Transformation. Tankd plant is officially operational and overseas sales are on track.  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We maintain the Great Wall ' s net profit from the year 2022-2024.
The three major financial forecasting tables for the Wall's cars are now in place, with the approval of the Chinese Securities and Supervisory Board.