Shinji Mountain Signals in the Great Wall car (60163.sh)
There has been a significant improvement in the rate of increase in sales, and the \triangleright profitability of the tank brand is expected to pick up. The company published a marketing campaign in July 2022, the month of July.
In the low-season period, company sales have been able to increase by more than two digits, the climate has improved considerably, and supermarkets are expected. In July, tank brand sales have more than doubled. Market data: 8 August 2022
The structure of goods is further optimized, and the level of profitability is expected to rise further. We judge that, as the Golden 9 silver 10 sales season approaches, and the effects of policy subsidies are further fermented, corporate output is expected to rise further in the coming months.
Hafer brand sales were increased by 59,000 and 61,000 in July, respectively, +2.9 and +7.1 per cent, respectively. Basic data: 31 March 2022
This month, Hover’s brand sales grew positively compared to the previous month’s rates of 13.8% and -14.5% respectively, or as a result of improved capacity constraints. With the support of successive central, local governments and major cars’ policies to boost car consumption, we judge the second half of the month.
The sales volume of the brand is expected to continue to improve. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \wey brand sales have decreased by 10.6 per cent and 24.3 per cent, respectively.
The company’s sales in July were 2837 and 3034, respectively, -3.pt. Wey’s growth was not strong enough, or related to the lack of new models and the formation of a fixed internal competition with tank brands.
The sales of the Great Wall pickups increased less than expected by the same ratio +18.5 per cent and -7.5 per cent, respectively. \triangleright’s sales of the Great Wall pickups in July were 19,000 and 16,000, respectively, +18.5 per cent and 18.5 per cent, respectively.
-7.5% ring ratio, 17.4% and 23.3% respectively - 117,000 +1.6 pct in the Great Wall in January-July respectively. The company has maintained a high rate of growth in its pickups in July, but sales have not increased as expected, or are related to high-temperature and agricultural-bust-season consumer delays.
With the help of the policy, we can see that corporate pickup sales are expected to improve in the second half of the month. Eura brand sales are +24.3% and +21.8%, respectively, an improvement over last month’s increase, \triangleright
In July, the company Aura brands sold 0.9 million vehicles, +24.3 per cent and +21.8 per cent, respectively, and the ring ratio 19.0 per cent and 23.3 per cent, respectively, completed +1.5 pct and +1.1 pct, respectively, in January-July. In July, the Eura brands grew at a higher rate than in July, but the rings declined more.
This segment of the market’s end-demand space is either limited or limited, and how to keep the brand growing, fearing that it will be a matter of priority for the company. The equal sales of tank brands +144.6% and +128.0%, respectively, have more than doubled rapidly.
\triangleright, which allows the company to continue to optimize its product structure and improve its profitability. In July, the company's tank branding increased significantly, which will greatly contribute to the optimization of the product structure and the enhancement of its profitability.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: We temporarily maintained the company ' s profit margin because of the high uncertainty that the company ' s q2 return net profit pre-emerged \triangleright, largely as a result of currency exchange gains
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.