Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) company published sales data for June 2022, and company realized sales of 101,186 in June.
In June, it benefited from the resumption of the supply chain, with improved corporate sales loops. In the split, the company’s Tanck brand sales rose to 14258 per month, a 99% increase over the same period, and sales continued to improve. Of these, tanks’ 500 products gradually increased the overall speed of delivery, and the forecast is expected to be completed in August.
Tank brand sales are expected to rise on a monthly basis for all orders during the sale period. Euro sales are 11516, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period, with low-end vehicles such as black cats and white cats delivered in June, and the company prices paid compared to 300 deep.
Most of the good cats pay for higher prices, and Eurasia’s profitability is expected to improve in the second quarter. We expect that as the company’s supply system recovers, the company’s output is expected to rise.
Wey, Ola, and tank brands are expected to grow rapidly. Wey brands are upgraded, and motorca, Ma Chido, latte, etc. are well-positioned and well-intelligent, while companies will have extra dollars in 2022.
The branded car is on the market, and the company’s short-boards in sedan, mpv, etc. The tank brand has become independent, the tank 300 has built a new cross-country ecology, the tank 500 orders are strong, and the company’s brand continues to rise.
New products such as cats, ballet cats, punk cats play a 150-300,000 market to compensate for the company’s failure to deliver new vehicles in pure electricity; new energy business does not expand as expected.
Song Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, car parts, new energy vehicles, and transmissions.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.