The brand structure is up, accelerating the transformation of new energy sources.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2022 and achieved 62,134 million gross operating income during the reporting period.
Ten thousand, equal to 16.58 per cent, of which pickups/suv/saloons and others, respectively, realized a net profit of 5.601 billion yuan in the first half of the year attributable to shareholders in listed companies, equal to 58.71 per cent, resulting from the increase in the Māori upturn in sales prices and the increase in exchange rate gains, net of uneconomical gains
Significant reductions and increased corporate R & D investment, with R & D costs of $3.17 billion, compared to the same, a firm new energy, intelligent route, and a star-car model that is expected to continue to shine: a firm and comprehensive transformation of new energy sources and intelligent pathways based on the three platforms of Lemon, Tank, Coffee Smart.
Lines. In the area of new energy, multi-trangled, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, etc., which accelerates the transformation of new energy sources, the hybrids identify multi-mixed structures in parallel, horizontally and along technical lines, and the lemon mix dht takes the lead in breaking the corporate brand hybrid technology monopoly, which was launched in August 2022.
Third generation H6 super-mixed dht Twin Stars; in pure electric terms, several major brands under the flag will join forces to accelerate the electrical process, and high-end pure truffle machine kroners are expected to be officially marketed in the second half of the year. In the field of intellectual ability, coffee intelligence 2.0 has achieved electronic electrical architecture, cable control chassis, smart driving,
Full upgrade of technology such as the smart cabin, autonomous development of autopilot computing platform idc3.0, which has a single-plate capacity of 360t and sustainable upgrading to 1440t through inter-board cascades.
In the first half of the year, the tanks 500, Wei Peymorca, the Golden Kong cannons, and so forth, followed by the second half of the year with the return of the city.
Heated and new-car-type Hafercaw dogs, tanks 700, Wei Pilgrim Dreams, Eura Flash Cats, and Eurapunk Cats are on the market, and the company’s sales are expected to pick up rapidly. Risk factors: car sales are not as high as expected, market competition is increasing, and overseas sales are not as high as expected.