The Great Wall Cars incident: The Wall Cars released the June 2022 Express, and the company sold 101,186 vehicles in June.
BB + 0.5%. By brand, the Hafer brand sold 51,274 vehicles in June, i.e. 14.5% of the year; Wey Products, a globally known suv manufacturing firm, held “2,887 units per card sale, i.e. 38.7% of the year; Wall Picards, i.e. 21,251 vehicles, i.e. + 17.7% of the year;
A little bit of progress in the business concept, with an advanced corporate culture and management team that created a unique business, led to the sale of 11,516 brands, i.e. +6.7 per cent, and the sale of 14,258 tanks, i.e. +99.1 per cent.
And the management model, with the highest turnover in the country’s automobile industry, saw a 26% increase in the sales of the ring in June and a resumption of the supply chain. The company’s sales volume in June was +1.6%, the price of the materials increased and the epidemic limited the supply of spare parts, logistics, and the company’s sales were significantly affected.
The recovery of work is continuing, and the impact of the lack of cores and the epidemic on the volume of company production is expected to fade. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: The ratio of smart products up, with many new vehicle models listed in the second half of the year.
2021-06-10 released $3.5 billion in six-year debt transfer, showing that in the first half of the year, the company's car model, based on lemon platforms (with lemon mixed dht), tank platforms and three technology brands of coffee intelligence, rose from 57% in 2021 to 69%.
Cool dog and h6 mix, Wei latte dht-phev and dream, Ora brand ballet cat, flash electric cat and punk cat multi-powered, intelligent new items will be introduced or marketed and will continue to enrich the corporate product matrix, and the company's share of electric smart products is expected to rise further.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: As the supply of materials improves, the push of the new car cycle is an important support for corporate sales and performance improvement. In the medium and long term, with the opportunity of the rise of autonomous new energy sources, the company’s electric power is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The Great Wall Car (601633): Better sales rings, more intelligent products than higher Eastern financial and intellectual sources, more Eastern financial and intellectual sources.
East Hing Securities Co. reports the Great Wall Car (601633): Better sales rings, more intelligent products than higher Lee Jin-jin
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.