The Great Wall Car (601633): sales of the same ring ratio of the Great Wall car incident: the Great Wall Cars released the July 2022 Express, and the company sold 101,920 vehicles in July.
For a split brand of B+11.3 per cent, the Hafer brand sold 61,279 vehicles in July, or 7.1 per cent in the same year; Wey Goods, a globally known suv manufacturing firm, held that “three,034 units per card sold, or 24.3 per cent in the same year; 16,305 trucks sold in the Wall, or 7.5 per cent in the same year; Ora
A little bit of progress in the business concept, with an advanced corporate culture and management team, created a unique business with 8,829 brand sales, +21.8 per cent, and 12,473 tanks, +128.0 per cent.
The company’s sales grew by 15.0% and the ring by 0.7% in July. The company’s sales grew by double digits in the lower season of traditional automobile sales, mainly because of the end of production.
Weaknesses, supply chain restrictions, etc., are gradually fading, demand at the end of which is driven by the policy of halving the purchase tax Debt and cross-share ownership: The new car cycle continues, with more than one new vehicle in the second half of the year listed in the rich product matrix. This year, the company is on the market.
New models include 500 tanks for large-scale business luxury suv, Merca dht-phev and latte dht-phev based on lemon blending systems and curry smart platforms, the Fashion commercial Picard King Kong gun, the Ora brand's first female ballet cat, the Hafers' brand's cool dog, and the second half of the year.
The company product matrix will be further enriched with multiple electric, intelligent and new items such as Huffh6 mix, Wei Dreams, Euratom and Punk Cats. We judge that the new cycle is moving forward, with brand models such as Hofer, tanks, etc., benefiting from the policy of halving the purchase tax, supporting the growth of corporate sales.
In the medium-to-long term, institutional change and technological innovation enablers have shifted to electric intelligence. Companies have transformed the bottom shelf, moving from an “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user service operator” and moving from a business model to a “product-plus software-service” that provides the basis for them to effectively tap into market demand.
Total equity/circulationa (millions) R & D results, currently lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen energy-related technology, 3.0t+9at/9hat circulationb unit/h unit (millions)
Superdynamic technologies, such as all-power technologies, have been installed in products. At a critical time for electric intelligence change in the automobile industry, companies are traditional autonomous vehicles in earlier transitions, the long-term accumulation of core technology and the product strategy of brand-focused sub-categories are important enablers for companies to continue to transform electric intelligence.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: As the supply of materials improves, the push of the new car cycle is an important support for corporate sales and performance improvement. In the medium and long term, with the opportunity of the rise of autonomous new energy sources, the company’s electric power is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Great Wall Car (601633): Increase in sales by the same ring, focus on continuing improvements driven by the new cycle + policy, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reports the Great Wall Car (601633): Increase in sales by the same ring, focus on continuing improvements driven by the new cycle + policy
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.