Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) net return profit of $5.6 billion, an increase of 59 per cent from the previous year. Of this total, 2,022q2 generated $28.5 billion.
• Higher-end vehicle models have increased and profitability has steadily improved, with 2022h1 selling more than 520,000 vehicles, with smart products rising from 74 per cent last year to 85 per cent.
The ratio of over 200,000 vehicles increased from 10 per cent to 14 per cent, benefiting from the increase in the ratio of high-end vehicles, and the change in costs and financial costs - 0.4 pct/+1.4 pct/-4.2 pct, respectively, where the increase in management costs was mainly an increase in equity payments and the decrease in financial costs was mainly a gain on exchange.
• Accelerating the new energy layout, which remains strong, and accelerating the new energy strategy, which promotes the expansion of multi-technology categories such as mixing, pure electricity, and hydrogen electricity. On the hybrid side, the company pushes the mix of lemons and dht-phev, which is a heavy-pound Haffh6dht-phev.
In the pure electricity sector, the Ora, the Sharon Cars and the Lighting Cats will be placed on the market, Sharon will play a brand of pure, lavish brands, and ACL will be able to break down the market as the first car type, which will be added in 2023.
A strong product matrix is supplemented. At the high end, wey will gradually roll out medium-sized and large suvs, sedans, mpvs, etc., to expand the breakdown of products through intelligence and new energy sources, thus contributing to the upward recovery of the wey brand.
Xiao Weijin: five years of experience in the automobile industry, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, research areas covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and transmissions.
The data and information used in the present report, which is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, are from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.