High-profit product heat boosts Māori, Huff pushes the new energy, the Great Wall car (60163.sh) is a source that releases elastic space.
The Investment Events Corporation issued its semi-annual report for 2022, and the company achieved revenue in the first half of 2022, with sales of (i)q2 affected by the epidemic, and continued upswings in vehicle prices will contribute to an improvement in income margins.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 110,000 sales, a decline of 16.58 per cent, of which the volume of overseas sales was innovative, while in the first half of the year the volume of overseas sales was 68,000, an increase of 11.14 per cent. As a result of the epidemic, the supply of spare parts and goods, the cost of raw materials, etc., the sale of motor vehicles was affected, and companies took the initiative.
A variety of measures have been taken to respond positively, and sales have shown resilience. q2 single-season sales of 235,000, compared to q2 single-season sales, which are expected to benefit from the company’s high-end surge effect, have gone on. q2 companyasp estimates are $12.13 million, an increase of 10.03 per cent, a small increase of 2.31 per cent over the ring.
(ii) Strong product orders are hot, and the company ' s Māori continues to be supported. In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori ratio was 18.38%, compared to +2.13 pt; of this, the Māori rate was 19.8%, compared to +2.4 pt, compared to +2.6 pt. The company ' s Māori rate is higher in the head mainframe plant, disturbing movable property in the epidemic.
In the context of sales, the company ' s Māori heights have continued to rise, largely as a result of high Māori tank brands, inadequate supply and demand, and improved product structure as a result of Wei ' s high-end breakout. In the first quarter of 2002, the company achieved a net return profit of $3.97 billion, a significant increase of 109.97 per cent, mainly due to improvements in Māori rates in Russia.
The increase in exchange gains and losses due to Luble price changes is the result of a non-recurring gain and loss. The cumulative sales of tanks in the first half of the year were 558,000 vehicles, +62.6 per cent of the year, with 200,000 on hand orders, with a six-month delivery cycle, and the supply should not continue; Wei sold 143,000 vehicles, an increase of 22.34 per cent from the same year, with high-end surge effects
(iii) The pole product Hover pushes for a new energy transformation, and differential competition is expected to further boost the Division’s “volume” “profit” performance. The company’s stick product Hoffh6 was listed in August, and the company plans to raise the Hover new energy vehicle sales to 80% in 2025, and the main branding of the new energy transformation is expected to boost.
In the second half of the year, tanks 500 and 700 will warm up the heat of the company’s luxury cross-country product, Eura.
New energy models, such as punk cats and Euratoms, will also dig deep into the needs of female consumers in the new energy sector, and the brightness of the old-style Wei Dream and Sharon brand's new car-car-carrying car, will compete for corporate differences and protect the escort. Companies will push for high-end surges, differential competitive advantages will gradually emerge, and new energy sources will emerge.
Risks; 3 The impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the performance of the company; 4 The risk that the volume of the product will fall short of expectations. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence and professionalism, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is currently mainly responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.