The tank's brand order continues to explode, and the sales are still recovering.
(i) Sales are emerging out of the epidemic and logistics, and tanks and Ora brands are showing off. In June, the impact of the epidemic weakened, logistics recovered significantly, spare parts supply was effectively slowed down, car consumption support policies were rolled over, and company sales were returning to normal.
Aura's brand shows up, of which Aura's cat has contributed over 8,000 sales, and it's hoped to get into 10,000 blocks, the ballet cat will be officially on the market on July 12th, and the lightning cat, the punk cat, will be Qin JiQin.
In the second half of the year, the market went up to add up to the Ora brand; tank orders went up and went out of supply, the company ordered over 200,000, the tank 300 was over 50 per cent, the tank 500 was selling over 50,000, the company would continue to adjust its schedule for the second half of the year, and the tanks were expected to adjust to the order.
The series of vehicle delivery times are expected to be reduced to six months, with a further boost in purchasing enthusiasm and (ii) a new phase of globalization, with high-end products accelerating the process. In June, the company sold 135,000 vehicles abroad, representing 13.29 per cent of total sales and a cumulative 628 million in January-June.
To date, corporate products have been exported to more than 170 countries and regions around the world, with nearly 700 overseas outlets, and more than a million overseas outlets, with globalization officially entering the new race. Three technology brands based on lemon platforms (mixed with lemon dht), tank platforms and coffee intelligence.
In Saudi Arabia, with the appearance of Hafeh 6gt, and in Iraq, with the appearance of Mokaphev in the market, Germany, Munich, with the accelerated roll-out of the star car and the promotion of the global brand image of the company. (iii) Affirmation of technology ahead, steady growth of the core platform vehicle model, and cutting-edge technological leadership.
In January-June, the company's car model, based on the three technology brands of lemon platform (mixed with lemon dht), tank level and coffee intelligence, rose from 57% in 2021.
The proportion of smart cars rose from 74% in 2021 to 85%, and the core platform technology should continue to expand in scope, and the transformation of intelligence is progressing well. The company has 3710 patents in public, with the highest number of national cars in the middle.
The platform idc3.0 and the "map city noh" carrying hpi1ot3.0 are in the forefront of the autonomous brand, and the company will launch the next generation of new electronics and electrical structures this year — Geep4.0 — to build smart driving, smart cabins, cars connected to one.
The technical architecture, which focuses on upgrading the technical skills of the product, its intellectualization, and entering a new cycle in the long term: less than expected risks in the car industry, risk of production bottlenecks due to the shortage of chips; 4 - I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has passed.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report, and is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.