The Wall Cars (60633.sh) dynamic assessment: short-term swings in production in August, with exports higher than innovation.
A total of 878,000 vehicles, +19.99 per cent of the same year, with a cumulative production of 717.8 million vehicles for the current year, with a steady improvement in the cumulative volume of sales in the same year-August and a short-term impact on production due to high-temperature power restrictions. The company sold 882 million vehicles in August, i.e. 18.81 per cent of the same year, ring - 13.44 per cent of the same year, and sales continued to improve in the same year.
Compared to the pressure on the company's Chongqing plant, which was affected by high temperature restrictions, there was a certain volatility in the production and supply chain, followed by a loss of constraints and a recovery in the industry's consumption season, the company's sales loops were time-limited.
Brand sales were 15.6 million, 24.7 per cent, ring + 3.76 per cent; tank brand sales were 10 million, +66.6 per cent, ring + 19.76 per cent; leather truck sales were 0.92 million, +41.3 per cent, and everything was ready for a new chapter.
Source strategy, third-generation Huffh6 mixer, opening a new chapter on the company’s overall mixing. July-August, the company had pre-mortized and refined the channel to allow delivery of H6 mixer version, which is expected to be delivered to the dealer’s door in late September and officially in October.
In addition, the second half of the year was marked by the recovery of demand and production capacity, with priority models such as Hafercaw dogs, tanks 700, Eurasian electric cats, Sharon's machine gallons, and company sales timed. European markets were broken, and overseas sales were higher than innovation.
Foley's strategic cooperation on imports and distributions in the European market between Wei Mokapev (coffee01) and Olya Cats, which first entered the German market, was a major breakthrough for companies in the European market.
In September, the company, Pakistan's kd factory, began production, which helped to continue to strengthen production and diffusion in overseas markets. Based on Hafer brands and pick-up models, the company has maintained product innovation and product differentiation.
With the initial success of the Ora and Tank brands and the continued search for the break-up of the Wey and Sharon brands, looking ahead, we believe that the company is still in a strong-car cycle, folding into a full-blown hybrid strategy, opening up long-term growth space. We expect the company ' s operating revenue to be 2022-2024.
Upstream raw materials continue to increase prices; chip supplies are short; competition in automobile products is increasing; markets: monthly sales of company Hafer brands (vehicles) Figure 2: monthly sales of company tank brands (vehicles)
Figure 3: Monthly sales of company ' s Ora brand (car) Figure 5: Recent sales of company ' s major brands and aggregate sales performance (car)