A sustained recovery in sales and acceleration of globalization 10/08/2022 Summary of events: 8/08/2022, the Wall Cars released a July Express: July Car Production
\triangleright has returned to a steady return to order, and sales are expected to improve continuously in the second half of the year.
By brand, Huff/tank/Ora/wey/Piccard sales were boosted. Supply chain restrictions were released in the first half of the year, and bottlenecks in the company’s productive capacity were gradually opened as the supply chain was restored after the outbreak and the supply of esp’s b-points were stepped up.
Policies to stimulate consumption demand; rapid recovery of supply and demand to add new products to the cycle, and continuous improvement in corporate sales are expected. Brand differentiation strategies have highlighted the effects, and product structure optimization drives the brand upwards.
s0105211005 Haf: 27,600 x 7.35% for Hafh6; 10,000 x 10,000 x + 19.36% for new Haf Dogs; 12.58-1498 grand for cool dogs to be marketed in August with smart configurations
First, positioning the younger user group is expected to bring in new amounts. (2) Wey: latte dht was listed in June, moving forward to improve the structure of our brand, and new cars such as the follow-up dream series are expected to boost brand sales gradually; 3) Ora: Ballet is officially on the market in July, with lightning cat/punk cat on the market in the second half of the year; 4) Tanks:
By optimizing the product matrix, the company’s sales of more than $200,000 in July increased to 21% of the ring scale. In the second half of the year, the product cycle continued, with the Huffoo dog, latte dht, dream, lightning cat, punk cat, etc.
The smart transformation is progressing steadily, and the strategy of globalization is accelerating. By creating the Coffee Smart Ecologic Union \triangleright
The Alliance, which fully integrates the core resources of the upper-middle-down industrial chain, has developed full-scale technological self-research capabilities in all-dimensional intelligent areas, such as smart driving, smart cabins, smart services, etc., to provide users with leading intellectual products and digital services, accelerating companies’ transition to a global intelligent enterprise.
The Wall Cars (60163.sh) was evaluated in June: Beida 88.32%, which is expected to rise further. The company’s cumulative overseas sales are now out of millions and have been exported to more than 170 countries and territories around the world, with nearly 700 overseas outlets. In July, the Wall’s cars announced their Brazil.
2. August 2. The Great Wall car (60163.sh) was declared on April: the city car was contracted with emilfrey to jointly market Wei Mokaphev, Eurasian Cat, and the new car will be launched.
The epidemic constrains the release of products, and science, technology and innovation drives the brand upwards -- officially delivered in the fourth quarter of this year. Companies speed up the expansion of European markets, and globalization strategies accelerate.
\triangleright Review: The \trangled structure continues to improve, brands are up, globalization is plus industrial policies, looking at corporate electric intelligence development and multi-brand strategy development, and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
4. The Wall Automobile (60163.sh) was declared to have been produced and sold in March: the lack of core supply has eased, and the global model of the vehicle is on its way out of the sea at 20 \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.