The Great Wall Automobile Company, a world-famous suv manufacturing company, has a sophisticated enterprise based on the concept of a business that makes "a little progress every day".
The industry culture and management team has created a unique business and management model, with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry.
An increase in exchange rate gains due to the optimization of the company’s product structure led to an increase in the price of bicycles and the Māori rate, as well as an increase in exchange rate earnings.
According to the company’s official public, 22h1 is based on lemon platforms (with lemon mixes dht), tank platforms, and
The number of cars built by the three major technology brands of coffee intelligence rose from 57 per cent in 2021 to 69 per cent, the proportion of smart cars increased from 74 per cent in 2021 to 85 per cent, the proportion of cars in excess of $200,000 from 2021 to 2021, the combination of cool dogs and h6, wei latte dht-phev and dream, the Ora brand 's ballet cat,
Multiple electric and intelligent new items, such as lightning cats and punk cats, will be introduced or placed on the market, which will further enrich the Department’s product matrix. The product structure continues to be optimized, with brand models such as Hover, tanks, etc., benefiting from a policy of halving the purchase tax, which supports the growth of corporate profitability.
In the medium-to-long term, institutional change and technological innovation enablers have moved to electric intelligence.
The change in the structure, the shift in the location of the enterprise from “car manufacturing enterprise” to “user service operator” and the shift in the business model to “product-plus software-services” has laid the foundation for its effective exploitation of market demand. Many of the company’s research and development results are consistent with the current lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen-related technology, 3.0t+9at/9hat
Superdynamic technologies, such as all-power technologies, have been installed in products. At a critical time for electric intelligence change in the automobile industry, companies are traditional autonomous vehicles in earlier transitions, the long-term accumulation of core technology and the product strategy of brand-focused sub-categories are important enablers for companies to continue to transform electric intelligence.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: As the supply of materials improves, the push of the new cycle is an important support for corporate sales and performance improvements. In the medium and long term, with the opportunity of the rise of new and autonomous sources of energy, the company's electric motor vehicle (601633): optimized product structure and higher currency exchange earnings.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Motors (601633): optimized product structure, increased performance in exchange rate gains, Lee Jinjin Nankai University, Master of Management, years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, 2009-present
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.