Shen Jia’s company now has a dual brand and technology dynamic. On the one hand, the company combines the positioning of different brands to enhance marketing activities and, on the other hand, invests in autopilots, smart cabins, hybrid technologies, etc.
At the same time, companies are actively expanding their overseas markets, and overseas sales are rising steadily. As the impact of the epidemic declines, consumer stimulus policies are being implemented, chip supplies are improving, and corporate sales are gradually rising, we believe that corporate performance is expected to improve.
Six months of net profits reported by companies + 50 per cent-67 per cent, non-recurring gains/losses to enhance performance: product combinations issued by companies increased non-recurring gains/losses due to appreciation of foreign currencies; net profits after deductions declined mainly on a year-on-year basis
Because of the epidemic and chip shortage, the company's sales fell by 16% the same year in the first half of the year. The impact of the decline in size affected the profitability of the company.
10,000 vehicles, yoy+0.5%. Corporate sales improved markedly as the impact of the epidemic was lifted and the stimulus policy was added; however, some of the chips were not supplied, delaying the pace of production. Of these, 210,000 vehicles, yoy+17.7% were sold in the Great Wall, while 14,000, yoy+99%, were sold in tank brands each month.
In January-June, the company accumulated 519,000 vehicles, yoy + 6.7%; in Hafer 51,000, yoy 14.5%, brands are currently in product swaps, and sales are expected to improve as a result of the import of hybrid models.
63.6% and 12.5% respectively. Hafer and Great Wall pickup sales fell by 26.2% and 20%, respectively. As chip suppliers increase their supply capacity in the second half of the year, the backlog of hot-door purchase orders, such as tanks, is expected to accelerate; in addition, the Ola Ballet, Lightning and Punk Cats will be on the market and the Hover brands will increase.
The company issues repurchase plans, highlighting its confidence that the company will issue a buy-back announcement to use its own funds, in the amount of $ billion-$675 million. This repurchase will be used for the employee’s shareholding and equity incentive scheme.
This report is written by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate of description in a report; @ comment or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report.