The Great Wall Cars: The Wall was released in mid-2022. During the reporting period, the company achieved $6.213 billion in revenues, together with a global-renowned suv manufacturing firm, which held that “every one of the two companies in the world would be able to make a difference.
The business concept of "a little progress" with an advanced corporate culture and management team, created a unique business and management model with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry.
In the first half of the year, the outbreak erupted in Jilin, Shanghai, and Shanghai, with a massive impact on the supply chain and end-use of the automobile industry, adding up the price of raw materials to the multiple pressures, and companies increased their revenues by 0.3 per cent in the first half of the year. In the second quarter of the year, corporate revenues fell by 7.5 per cent in the same year.
The product structure is optimized and single-car prices are raised. 2022H1 single-car sales cost $107,000, which is an increase in the same year. The Māori Ring rises are due to product structure optimization, resulting in higher profits on exchange. 2022q2 gross gains from product structure optimization, higher-cost, higher-profit vehicle ratios, such as tanks (2022q2 tank brands).
Companies have increased their investment in intellectual, electric, and new car-type projects, and the cost of research and development has increased on a par with the rate of growth, mainly as a result of the current boom in rubles, which has led to an increase in exchange rate gains. The proportion of smart products has risen, and the new cycle of cars will continue in the second half of the year.
According to the company ' s official public, 22h1 is based on lemon platforms (dht mixed with lemons), tank platforms and circulationb units/h units (million shares)
In the second half of the year, the company's new car cycle continued, with the Hover brands of cool dogs and h6dhthev & phev, and Wei Wei.
The company’s product matrix will be further enriched by the introduction or listing of new smart products such as the dht-phev and dream, the Ora brand’s ballet cat, the lightning cat and the punk cat. The product structure continues to be excellent, and the folding of branded models such as Hafer and tanks benefits from a policy of halving the purchase tax and raising the company’s profitability.
In the medium-to-long term, institutional change and technological innovation enablers have shifted to electric intelligence. Companies have transformed the bottom shelf, moving from an “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user service operator” and moving from a business model to a “product-plus software-service” that provides the basis for their effective exploitation of market demand.
In this area, the company ' s lemon mix dht, hydrogen energy-related technologies will continue to fall, and 3.0t+9at/9hat super s14805210003 degrees of power will eventually fall further on tanks 500 and so on.
During this critical period, the company was a traditional and autonomous car company in the early transition, a long-term accumulation of core technology and a product strategy in the category of focused sub-products, which is an important contribution to the company’s continued transformation of electric intelligence. The source of financial growth in the East is the financial boom.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: As the supply of materials improves, the push of the new car cycle is an important support for corporate sales and performance improvement. In the medium and long term, the opportunity for the rise of new and autonomous sources of energy has given rise to company power, the Great Wall car (601633): the Māori rate has improved significantly and the product structure has been optimized.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Cars (601633): The Māori rate has improved significantly, product structure has been optimized, Li Jinjin Nankai University M.A., multi-year research experience in automobiles and spare parts, and has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.