The annual performance appraisal report for 2021 Stereo-Pulse, which benefited from increased capacity to produce, and the high growth in corporate performance.
\triangleright ethylene and pta projects have achieved high growth in corporate performance. At the revenue end, the company achieved high growth in revenue in the first half of 2021, mainly from the 1.5 million tons of ethylene and the 2 2.5 million tons of pta projects of the Herochemicals, in mid-2020 and below, respectively.
Six months into production, and after the second half of 2020, when the production line was tested and the production volume climbed, by the beginning of 2021, the production was fully full, with 5.2 percentage points, mainly due to the impact of the rise in raw materials, such as crude oil, and the transfer of transport costs to operating costs.
(1) The company is the first industry to achieve an integrated whole-of-industry development from the new crude oil-arocarbons, aromatics-pta, ethanol polyesters: the company's upper-middle business plate has been constructed with 20 million tons of refining as its starting point, aromatic hydrocarbons, two-wheel-driven chemical feedstocks: aromatic hydrocarbons, including 4.5 million tons of px, and 960,000 tons of raw materials
Pure benzene, 400,000 tons of acetic acid, and 11.6 million tons of pta; the HCs include 1.8 million tons of ethanol, 850,000 tons of polypropylene, 720,000 tons of styrene, 400,000 tons of high-density polyethylene, and 140,000 tons of butadiene. In addition, the company ' s marketed upper- and upper-middle-level products are largely domestic and high-value-added high-end chemical products and raw materials, which sustain the company ' s future.
The polyesters, polyesters, fine chemicals and new materials operations have laid a solid foundation for the raw materials platform. (2) The 5 million tons pta project was launched in Huaizhou, where the company continued to work as the upstream chemical raw materials platform: the construction of the 5 million tons pta project was launched in October 2020 in Daya Bay petrochemical park in Hue County, where the company's pta production capacity will expand.
16.6 million tonnes/year; at the same time, the project is technologically advanced, using the latest English Wittap8+ technology to reduce raw materials consumption and combined operating costs and enhance the competitive advantage of pta operations.
\triangleright Disaggregated Polyester Fibres: The company has 3.6 million tons of civil filamentary capacity in the top five and 400,000 tons of industrial fumes in the second place in the country. On this basis, the company continues to add code to the variable polyester fibres in 2021.
In June, the construction of three new projects for new 1.5 million multifunctional textile materials was launched in Hengko; in addition, a new 1.4 million tons of industrial silk production capacity for Deloitte II and Suzhou was in the project planning stage. In the area of functional film and engineering plastics, the company owned 266,000 tons of functional film, 240,000 tons of engineering plastics and 330,000 tons of engineering plastics.
Degradable plastics; meanwhile, 120,000 tons of functional film and 30,000 tons of engineering plastics/pbs class modifications being built by the company will continue to be produced in 2021. In addition, 450,000 tons of degradable plastics on the island of Yangtze and 800,000 tons of functional polyester film, functional plastics projects on Lake Suzhou are also under construction.
1. Helium petrochemicals (600346) Annual Report 2020. Platform, active high-end, differentiated downstream chemicals, deep-deep, fine-defining and highly aromatic derivatives, reported to: large-scale refining, etc.
The development of the world’s first-class new platform-based chemical research and development and manufacturing industries is moving forward. The assessment reports that projects such as large-scale refining can be productive, with net profits in the form of rainbows, glorified petrochemicals, and sequestered petrochemicals 21.2 times more than in 2021, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
New projects are moving at a slower pace; chemical landscapes are declining; crude oil price fluctuations affect corporate profitability levels. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized. Yang Jian, Nanjing University Land Department, United States of America, Department of Chemical Industries, joint Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computing chemical and hydrocarbon resources)
In October 2014, he joined the industry in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials, and in 2015, the best author in China, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding, and sought, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party ' s approval or influence.