Investment ratings: Purchases (maintenance) — market view of major products, leading to a significant increase in corporate performance; domestic chemicals, influenced by factors such as cost of oil prices, warming of domestic and external demand, and tight supply of energy
In the first half of 2021, the prices of company-owned products, including finished oils, pta and polyesters, increased at double-digit rates, in the second quarter by almost 20% or more, and the ring continued to grow over the first quarter. At the same time, the company refined 20 million tons/year.
The ethylene ethylene units, 1.5 million tons/yearly, and the coalized plants are operating at full capacity, with significant co-benefits and a significant increase in the performance of support companies.
On 24 June, the company centrally disclosed four project investment announcements, one for the construction of an annual production of 450,000 tons of biodegradable plastics of the pbs type, one for new materials support chemicals, one for 800,000 tons/year of functional polyesters, one for film and plastics, one for 1.5 million tons/year of new green multifunctional textile materials.
Use integration advantages to extend to the downstream new material industry. Layouts pbs degradable plastics, plus 1. Performance forecast, planning productivity aids, high-degradable plastics market rate, better market prospects; layout polyester grinding and new textile materials are fully released
Volatile polyester production and multi-year technological advantages. Four projects are proposed for investment amounting to $24.2 billion, based on a single quarter of high profitability and innovation, and pta leads.
$7.5 billion. Companies actively deploy new material projects downstream, increase value added and enhance integration advantages, which will strengthen future performance gains.
Large drops in oil prices, low output capacity, slower downstream demand, safer production of businesses, etc. International papers, cited more than 600 times, applying for five national inventions; B.A. Chemicals, University of Tianjin; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of research by chemical sellers: Wang Peng, University of Tianjin, Master of Chemistry, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, 4 years of work experience by energy-chemicals companies, many years of investment evaluation and market research
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.