Building on the Great Chemical Platform to accelerate the roll-out of new materials operations, semi-annual performance re-innovation high Helium petrochemicals (600346)
On the evening of 16 August 2021, Helium petrochemicals published its semi-annual report for 2021. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $104,574 million, an increase of 55.25 per cent over the same period; and it was attributable to the mother-in-law.
(a) A high level of strength of the Great Chemical Platform, section on "Smelting-Fryer-Pta-Purperty-Purple-Purple Pulse" with a relative depth of 300 indexes;
Full commissioning in the first half of 2021, with net profits of 1,481 million yuan realized by the company ' s Helium Chemical Industries, increased from 6.6 million tons/year to 11.6 million tons/year in the first half of the year, with sales of 1.721 million dollars per year in the first half of the year.
Tons. The average price of pta in the first half of the year, influenced by factors such as higher crude oil prices, was about 10% higher than in the same period last year. The volume price of pta contributed to the company’s good revenue and profit gains. 3. On the downstream of the fibre-optic chain, the first half of the year, polyester fibre and detergent products were priced by raw materials and below.
The impact of such factors as rising demand in the windmill industry has been to varying degrees of price increases. The company is one of the leading manufacturers of civil and industrial silk scrubbing in the country, with large-scale investment expansion plans going online in the first half of the year, building on existing capacity.
Sun's new materials have added 250,000 tons of dty and 350,000 tons of poy production capacity, subsidiary materials have improved industrial layouts, and 200,000 tons of fibres per year of industrial fibre projects have been fully operational.
The expansion project went smoothly, leading to a two-fold increase in the production and sale of the main product, with a net profit of $1,101 million, an increase of $1,031 million over the same period. In the first half of the year, the company refined optics, a chain of industry performed as expected. In the first half of the year, the company performed well as expected.
Private major refining performance is paid, and 2101 gains in profitability are highlighted by the rise in the prices of raw materials upstream, such as crude oil, coal, butadiol, and px. Continued business extension to new materials downstream is expected to sustain the company’s performance on new materials.
High growth: based on a upstream “big chemical” platform, the company actively expands its operations to downstream high-end new materials and fine chemical industries with the aim of creating a model for integrated and synergistic development of the whole industry chain, and has gradually expanded downstream new material operations from differential polyester fibres to functional film,
Engineering plastics, degradation plastics, etc. hotspots. The company's subsidiary, Kang Fu, is currently the country's largest producer of pbt and the only producer of middle- and high-end mlcc diaphragms, and the country's only available online s0270520070001
In the first half of the year, the new material contributed 734 million yuan in net profits. With three functional membrane production lines (120,000 tonnes/year) and four engineering plastics/pbs-type modified production lines, it is expected that the next half of the year will be the first half of the year.
(30,000 tonnes/year) in use, and new material operations will contribute to a more substantial increase in profits for the company. 450,000 tonnes of degradable plastics project 470,000 tonnes of high-end functional polyester film, 100,000 tonnes of special functional film, 150,000 tonnes of modified pbt and 80,000 tonnes of modified pbat are under construction
In general, it is clear that new material block operations have maintained a high growth trend in recent years. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: combined with company performance in the first half of the year and new investment periods in the second half of the year, lower demand for degradable plastic downstream and lower demand for refined products downstream.