The Center for Resource and Environmental Research also has a high growth base that cannot be held back by a pre-performance announcement for the first half of 2021, issued on 30 June 2021 by the Helium petrochemicals, the first half of 2021.
Continued release performance of strong alpha: Stereochemical ethylene devices and small parts of pbat production capacity not to start production in the second half of 2020 and at the end of the year, not to make a profit throughout 2020, and new production to achieve full production by 2021 will continue to contribute to sustained growth in performance.
1. High Growth Low Valuation Continuously Validation! - Helium Pulsification End Consumption Revival Promulgation: With the global vaccination roll-out, Euro-American End Consumption Continues To Warming, promoting the upscaling of the crude oil-polyester/chemical industrial chain industry, 2021
“If 25 billion is only the lower limit of profitability?” The prognosis is 21.9 per cent of the historical percentage difference in industry-wide weighted prices in the first half of the year, bringing significant profitability elasticities compared to the whole of 2020.
Deep processing continues to generate medium- and long-term growth certainty: on June 25, the company announced 1.5 million tons of civil wires. 450,000 tons of pbat.800 tons of functional polyester film and plastics and 300,000 tons of self-dipic acid accessories, further expanding the company ' s downstream silk, film, plastics and dropable devices.
We maintain the bottom of the climate scenario, the company’s actual performance is likely to be higher than we predicted, and we anticipate that the company’s actual performance will be higher than we expected.
1. The risk of a single-way large-scale decline in crude oil; 2. The deterioration in the critical demand for the end; 3. Geopolitical risk 4. Project construction at a slower pace than expected, with significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of $5.6. Other force majeure effects.
1. The new production capacity continues to release the confluence of the industry, and company performance continues to release Helium petrochemicals, which issued an advance announcement on 30 June 2021 in the semi-annual performance report, and which is expected to yield $4.389 billion in net profit to the mother in the first half of 2021, compared to the same period in 2020
The core drivers of the growth in performance in the first half of 2021 were the sustained release of new production capacity and the elasticity of the industry’s warming.
1. Ethylene ethylene installations were put into production in the second half of 2020, with only one more-quarter performance in 2020, with ongoing production at full capacity and expected annual returns;2 200,000 tons of industrial silk and 800,000 tons of civil silk capacity were brought into production in 2020, and none in 2020
(b) 330,000 tons of pbat capacity were put into production by the end of 2020, released in 2021, expanded the company's industrial chain and increased profitability.
With the massive spread of vaccines around the world, the global epidemic is being controlled, and end consumption in Europe and the United States has been recovering, contributing to the restoration of supply and demand patterns in the crude oil-px-pta-polyester chain, and to the warming of the industry, compared to the extreme industrial climate levels of 2020.
The price gap between the links has recovered and the company has gained a certain profitability. According to our calculations, as of 30 June, part of the small amount of capacity (including part of the acetylene, long silk, etc.) had benefited from the warmth of the end-use demand in the first half of 2021, with a more pronounced mood.
The price differential for the helium petrochemicals, for example, has risen from about 20% of the historical percentage in 2020 to about 36% of the historical percentage, while the price gap for the long-chaining chain has risen from an average of 35% of the year in 2020 to 76.1% of the historical percentage. But the bulk of the capacity (px, pta) has not been available.
There is a remarkable trend towards warming, with px having a price gap of only about 3% of the year in the first half of 2021, compared to the year 2020, while pta has a downward trend from an average of 17.4% of the year in 2020 to 2.4% of the year ' s.
In the medium-to-long term, the bulk of the new production capacity will be able to concentrate on the end of the production period, and it is hoped that the rest of the production will continue.
Continued promotion of deep processing and industry-wide chain layout, high degree of certainty in medium- and long-term growth Unilateral fluctuations at the cost end of 2020, low end demand and continued supply of end-use capacity have had a negative impact on the profitability of the crude oil-px-pta-polyester chain, and the company is still nearing the end of the spectrum.
Net profit of 13.5 billion yuan, certified at the bottom of the crude oil-polyester industrial chain. The ethylene input device, pta device, polyester production capacity and degradation plastics continued to be released in 2021.
Building planning, deep-processing projects are expected to contribute to the continuous improvement of the downstream industrial chain layout and further increase the value added of thick corporate products. At the same time, we would like to point out that, along with the gradual expansion and development of the production capacity of deep-processed and new materials, the existing competitive advantages of Helium petrochemicals and future industries,
Barriers to entry are expected to increase further, with deep processing layouts in the whole industry chain expected to contribute to a steady increase in the price differentials for end-products, with company production costs continuing to maintain industry leadership levels, and future cycle impacts on corporate performance expected to advance further, with weak and medium- and long-term growth certainty.
The pbat project and the adipic acid package: the company planned 450,000 tons of pbs/pbat products and 300,000 tons of annual adipic acid devices and accessories to improve the whole industrial chain layout of the company ' s degradable plastics.pbs/pbat raw materials are mainly bdo, pta and adipic acid, and the company has now produced 11.6 million tons of them.
The construction of the pta, adipic acid and ancillary projects is expected to promote the company ' s full industrial chain layout of degradable plastics, and the 450,000 pbat and adiene projects are located on the island, with their own public facilities and industrial chains.
One and a half million tonnes of civil silk: the project contains several different types of civil silk, including double-assembly, regenerative fibres, ion, total elimination, poy and fdy, and the new project will further enrich the company's long silk number and increase the size of the company's end product and the value added of the company's product.
800,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane and plastics project: new production capacity is expected to include 34.60 tonnes/year, high-end polyester membrane 124,000 tonnes/year, functional membrane 100,000 tonnes/year, 80,000 tonnes/year, modified pbat and 150,000 tonnes/year modified pbt, company capacity for new medium- and high-end polyester membrane and plastics project
Further meeting the growing demand for new materials in downstream industries such as electronics, automobiles, packaging, and expanding and enriching companies' size and variety of functional polyester film and plastic products can further enhance the added value of the company ' s final product and promote firm ' s medium- and long-term growth certainty.
(a) The risk of a large-scale single-way decline in crude oil;
5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar; 6. Effects of other force majeure; and Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment