Quarters of re-innovation, and new materials for the march will open up the space for growth.
• On 30 June, the company issued an advance notice of its 2021 semi-annual performance, and in the 2021 semi-annual year, the company expects to maintain its “buy-in” rating, which is expected to continue to grow in the future in the field of new polyester materials, given the company's ability to withstand risks.
. ..and once again at the best in a single quarter, when the petrochemical carrier showed a once-in-a-lifetime profitability, q2 projected that the company would realize a net return profit of approximately $4,389 million and a net non-return profit.
Crude oil prices rise, downstream demand reheating leads to higher prices and better prices for downstream chemicals, while public refining, large ethylene and the accompanying coal-chemical plants operate at full capacity, with significant co-benefits for refining + coal-chemicals. q2 downstream products also maintain relatively high levels of silhouette, detergent industrial silk, polyester film and degradable plastics.
By the end of the second quarter, the price difference was still relatively high because of the pta's excess capacity, and according to our calculations, the average price difference for the pta in the second quarter was $403 per ton, with the industry at large or at a loss.
Tonnes of functional polyester film and plastics, 1.5 million tons of polyester fibres, 350,000 tons of synthetic ammonia-300,000 tons.
New materials lead to growth, and integration advantages re-emphasize items such as plastics. The company’s new materials extend in a clear direction, mainly pta, pure benzene downstream extension, and the company’s existing refinery products secure the supply of raw materials; and pbat, pbs, and the whole chain of degradable plastics.
According to the company announcement, all of the above projects are significantly larger than the ring, and the new materials for the military are being refined back to back.
After completion, a total annual profit of $7,484 million is expected to be realized, with new downstream materials opening up opportunities for companies to grow.