On August 16, 2021, Helium petrochemical published its semi-annual report for 2021 and achieved a net return to the mother in the first half of 2021.
Industry is warming, profits are improving, and large elasticity is growing in the future. As global end consumption continues to recover, demand for crude oil-px-pta-polyester/chemical chain ends recovers, the current low-middle-and-low-wind view is maintained, and the general px-pta output remains low for the first half of the year, with double carbon being high.
In the medium-to-long term, a large amount of px-pta production is expected to lead to a huge industry. 1. "High Growth with High Base and Unconstrained! - Helium Stones Development of "hard technology" and the rise of high-end membrane giants.
2. The development of 800,000 tons of high-end material production capacity, including photovoltaic film, for high-growth low-value ongoing validation! - Helium petrochemicals.
3. "If 25 billion is only the bottom limit of profit? "Arithmetic based on the high global dominance of the "oil-px-pta-pet-bopet special and coating" industrial chain integration, continued intensive research and development, taking over the high-end mlcc-coated membrane of its own technology formulation.
The rate is more than 65%, a very small number of leading firms in the world that are now integrated in the whole industry chain, and the only second country in the world that can produce 12 nanometres of silicon-coated lithium on-line.
The semi-annual bulletin fully promotes the deep processing of industrial chains and announces the layout of the seven main industrial chains of lithium electricity, engineering plastics, polyurethane, etc., the gradual entry into new materials and new energy markets, and the integration of large refining taps into new energy or semiconductor material enterprises with a single-chain advantage, once the technology is over.
There will be a clear cost advantage and a combination of competitiveness.1 The risk of a large one-way drop in crude oil; 2. The serious demand for the end has deteriorated 3. The geopolitical risk 4. The construction has not progressed as much as the anticipated risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of $5.6. Other force majeure effects
The recovery of industry and the sustained release of new production capacity
Thanks to the industrial warming and the year-round release performance, helium petrochemicals have achieved significant performance growth1 and have been accompanied by continued warming of global end consumption, a sustained recovery in the demand for scrubbeds and chemical end-uses, and a significant profit elasticity from the industry.
At the bottom of the landscape, in the medium-to-long term, when a two-carbon-controlled high-energy-consumption project is approved, there is a greater possibility of upscaling and long-term significant profit elasticization at the center of the chain price differentials. Twenty-one and a half million ethylene devices and five million tons of pta are expected to contribute throughout the year.
The maleene device and 5 million tons of pta production capacity of 330,000 tons pbat were largely operational in the second half of 2020 and did not contribute a full-year profit, and it is expected to contribute a full-year return in 2021, contributing to sustained growth in the company ' s performance.
The construction of 800,000 tons of high-end materials, including photo-film, has been announced for 12 years, including lithium power and photovoltaic chains. As early as 2011, Helium petrochemicals formed a fully funded subsidiary, Congenital New Materials, making full use of the technology and the high-level global lead "oil-px-pta-"
The high-end mlcc-coated membrane in its own technology formulation is now more than 65% of the world's leading companies with full-chain integration packages, and is the only second country in the world to be able to be online.
The development of “hard technology” continued in the production of 12 nanometres of silicone-coated lithium battery protective film chain in the production industry.
Ten thousand tons of high-end functional polyester film covering various areas such as electronics, optical materials, semiconductors, new energy vehicles, new decorations, packaging materials, etc.; 100,000 tons of special functional film related mainly to new industrial membrane products such as temperature-resistant lithium batteries, diaphragms, photovoltaic back film; 150,000 tons of modified pbt used mainly in automobile manufacturing
In the field, 80,000 tons of modified pbat are mainly concerned with the demand for various degradationable plastic endpoints, the continuous push of silicon petrochemicals into the construction of new end materials and new energy-chemical production capabilities, while the silicon petrochemicals strengthen the integration of the refinery with the coal-chemicals project and promote the aromatics.
A downstream extension of the hydrocarbon and acetylene industry chain, with the addition of c2-c4 industrial chain end products, such as the planning of multiple engineering plastics chains such as pc, nylon 66, abs, and the planning of the lithium diaphragm and battery level dmc “lithium” industrial chain, based on semi-annual bulletins, where helium petrochemicals are now substantially starting the construction of new lithium diaphragm products.
In addition to the preparatory work set up, the hemospheric petrochemicals also plan the “polyurethane” chain of polyether polyols and polymer polyols, in which the demand for final consumption of engineering plastics is due to the light quantification of new energy vehicles and the need for recharge pads
This is expected to continue to increase, accompanied by a gradual increase in penetration of new energy vehicles in passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles, power, battery demand or continued climate, the promotion of lithium diaphragms and battery level dmc demand, the hemochemical c2-c4 production stream of lithium and the engineering plastics industry chain, which is expected to further increase the value added of end-products.
In the case of double-carbon control of high energy consumption and low value added, the bi-annual persistent petrochemical bulletins continue to promote deep processing of the chains of industries, and announce the layout of seven major industrial chains, such as lithium electricity, engineering plastics, polyurethane, and gradual entry into new materials and new energy markets. High R & D investment is expected to accelerate the development of technologies and products at all stages.
The speed of the push, and the advantage of large-scale integration over single-chain new energy or semiconductor material industries will also have a clear cost advantage and combined competitiveness once the technology is over.
In particular, the sharp increase in the performance of the first half of the 2021 stulge petrochemicals was in the approximate px (4.5 million tonnes/year) and the pta (11.6 million tonnes/year in production + 5 million tonnes/year in progress) is still in place.
At the bottom of the industry landscape, coupled with tight double carbon controls over the approval of high-energy-consuming projects, the general px-pta production climate is expected to warm back in the medium to long term, and the chain price gap hub is expected to rise gradually, without significant profit elasticity.
Figure 2: Historical breakdown of price differentials among Helium petrochemical products 1. Risk of large-scale single-way decline in crude oil; 2. Serious deterioration in demand for end-of-pipes;
(b) 5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar;
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment