Recovering performance over the cycle, adding to the layout “Smelting + New Materials” event: On 16 August 2021, Helium petrochemicals released the semi-annual report 2021, 2021 Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh)
Half-yearly, the company achieved business income of $104,574 million, an increase of 55.25 per cent in the same year; attributed to the public market, a decrease of 3.55 per cent; achieved a net return profit of $4,531 million, an increase of 34.31 per cent in the same year, an increase of 34.31 per cent over the same year; recovered in the procyclical sector, with a strong elasticity in performance.
Research assistant in the petrochemical industry and profitability of subsidiaries: 1) Large refining and ethylene operations: Hemolysification and Helonics, respectively, achieve net profits of 5.242 billion yuan and 1,481 million yuan respectively. 2) pta operations: Helium petrochemicals (larger).
Losses of 287 million yuan. 3) Polyester fibres (including slices, detergent industrial wires and scrubbers for civilian use) operations: net profit of $1,101 million from the constant fibres. 4) New materials operations (polyesters for new materials, engineering plastics, functional film and degradable plastics): net profit from the congener for new materials
734 million yuan. In 2020, a new 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project and a 5 million tonnes/year pta project were added to the Helium chemical industry. In 2021, the industry benefited from the rising cost of the international crude oil price hub, which boosted and repaired the end consumption after economic growth stabilized at home and abroad, adding up to the recovery of external demand.
“Smelting + New Materials, Up and Down”, 2021.4.26. Countries where Soviet and overseas production capacity is driven by extreme weather conditions and fragile supply capacity due to the effects of the epidemic
Prices of Important Chemical Varieties from Corporate Refinement, Ethylene and Coal Chemical Devices
And the price differentials are generally maintained and fluctuated between strong zones, supporting firm profits. According to our calculations, the company spent more than $500 per ton in the first six months of the year, from the industry averaged RMB/t, and from the industry averaged much more than the industry average, reflecting the high quality of the company's low-cost profits.
In the first half of the year, the company lost no more than $50 per ton per ton. In terms of average water in the industry, the net ton loss in the industry was $121 per ton in the first quarter of 2021 and $59.57 per ton in the second quarter of 2021, and the average ton in the industry was $90.12 per ton in the first half of 2021.
Spta’s loss is well below the industry average, reflecting the company’s large-scale low-cost advantage. In addition, two quarters of fdy and pta’s profitability has recovered more than one quarter.
The difference and profit level, according to the data from the Kiwakawa Mobil, the average bid price for the subsidiary ' s material pbat since the April offer was 24,871.43 yuan per tonne in the first half of 2021. The price for the material ' s 6-metre and 12-metre polyester membrane was 18,510 yuan per ton on 30 June 2021, respectively.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has increased its efforts to plan new polyester materials projects. Both the company ' s big refining project and the ethylene project have been fully invested.
In the medium and long term, the company is still very strong.
With regard to the polyester chain, the 5 million tonnes/year pta project is expected to be completed in 2022, and the pta capacity will reach 16.6 million tonnes/year after completion, which will be the country’s only interest in more than 10 million tonnes.
In the second half of the year, production began. 450,000 tons of degradable plastics from Dalian Conkwei, 470,000 tons of high-end functional polyester film from Jiang Sokang, 100,000 tons of special-functional film, 150,000 tons of modified pbt, 80,000 tons of modified pbat and 1.5 million tons of green multifunctional textile from Jiangsuzhou.
New material projects are under construction. In terms of technological advantages, the company is the only one in the country that can produce 7dfdy products, and the mlcc-coated membrane produces more than 65% of domestic production, the only second country in the world that can produce 12 nanoms of silicon-coated lithium battery online.
A company that protects membrane, which has absolute technical advantages and process accumulation in the areas of functional film and civil scrubbing silk, and the expansion of medium- and long-term companies in the field of new materials downstream of polyester is a further absolute advantage in extending the absolute edge of corporate technology to productive capacity.
The company has initiated a project to build new materials packages for the Herochemicals, with a core capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year of adipic acid, to build a whole industry chain of degradable plastics, while also offering the possibility of developing nylon 66.
The new high-potential material market will also accelerate the planning and improvement of the depth of the c2-c4 hydrocarbon industrial chain, including planning for the production of polystyrene (ps) downstream of styrene, planning for the production of acrylene downstream and further planning of the abs capacity in conjunction with styrene and butadiene, planning for abs, and planning for the production of acryne,
Ethylene oxide, methanol, cell-grade dimethyl-carbonate (dmc), phenol, acetone, biphenola and its downstream polycarbonate (pc) production, planning polyether polyol (eo/po) production. The company will increase radiation from the Great Chemical Platform to the industrial chain of new materials downstream.
The new polyester material area, which is not limited to the blue sea, will also deepen the product layout in the field of refining downstream chemical materials, creating a petrochemical flagship integrated with “refining + chemical new materials.” Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its mother in 2021-2023, respectively
The industry of new polyester materials with downstream differentiation, high-end, supply-and-demand patterns, long-term reliance on the “big chemical” platform for the development of new chemical materials, and we maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; and recovery of end demand below expectations
Risks; risk of increasing domestic pta production capacity leading to continued profit spreads; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow recovery of profits from downstream products; significant increase in carbon neutralization policy for the petrochemical industry to B.A. and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for the crude oil, gas and garment chains.
Research and evaluation of investments in the petrochemicals project of Sindha Asset Management, China. Guest speaker at the 18th New Wealth and Energy Mining Conference in 2020, and published articles in the authoritative media of the petrochemicals industry. Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemicals industry. Master of Finance, Kas Business School, London City University, July 2020.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.