Incident: On 30 June 2021, Helium petrochemicals issued the semi-annual performance advance announcement for 2021. Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh) In the semi-annual year 2021, the company expected to realize a net profit of $8.5 billion to be attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Unless there is a recurring gain or loss, the year 2021 is expected to bring about the net shareholding of the listed company.
\triangleright Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. In the second quarter of 2021, the company is expected to realize a net return profit of around $4.389 billion.
First, in the first half of 2021, the price of Brent crude oil rose from $51.50 at the beginning of the year to $75 in gold, cost-side support repairs, consolidation of domestic and international needs driven by the acceleration of global vaccination progress, heat recovery, and continued restoration of profits from downstream products in the petrochemical industry chain, companies.
20 million tonnes/year refining units, 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene units and ancillary coal-chemicals units are all known as “Refining + New Materials”, with full loads operating steadily, with significant co-benefits of refining + Coalification in the first half of 2021
Second, end-use demand warms, polyester industry chain landscapes 2021.06.26
Aerobics rebounds, civil silk and industrial silk are gradually being repaired. Degradable plastics are well-politicized, demand is strong, supply is tight, high price differentials are maintained, corporate polyester operations are profitable, new materials are expanded in layout polyesters, and products are diversified.
\triangleright limits the ability of the company to build and layout degradable plastics for the main body and will in the future have a complete “px-pta/hexadiacetic-degradable plastic” industrial chain on the island of Longsing, Grand Company.
Millions of dollars in profits. The company also announced 800,000 tons of functional polymeric film, functional plastics projects and 1.5 million tons of new green multifunctional textile materials, which will continue to expand significantly the differences and high-end filamentary capacity, and will also increase efforts to build a comparison between high-end polyester membrane production.
Each polyester company will have the largest polyester membrane production capacity, and will continue to increase product coverage and high-end ratios at the same scale. The polyester membrane and polyester fibres project combined invest 13.23 billion yuan, which together will contribute an annualized total profit of 4,206 million yuan.
Total annual average profits of $7,483 million will be realized with the potential to realize a significant surge in corporate profitability.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the company to return its net profit in 2021-2023, respectively \triangleright.
We maintain the corporate “buy-in” rating for the new polyester materials industry, which is rapidly distributed downstream, high-end, supply-and-demand-friendly. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; end demand recovery less than expected
\triangleright Risk; risk of increasing domestic pta production leading to continued profit spreads; risk of excess refining capacity wind exposure; risk of slow restoration of profits from downstream products; significant addition of carbon neutral policies to the petrochemical industry
B.A. and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, which was responsible for research on the chain of crude oil, gas and garment industries and investment assessment of the petrochemical project of the China Sinda Asset Management Corporation.
Cao Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Finance, Kas Business School, City University of London, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020 for research in the petrochemical industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.