The annual report meets expectations for the return of motor communications services Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of vehicles and communications, with a high overall rate of innovation.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the company is expected to earn 1.903 billion yuan, an increase of 10.15 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and the ring continues to invest in automated and intelligent management and research and development with intelligent data analysis. Capacity continues to drive a virtuous cycle of improvement, with an overall good quality rate of 93.60 per cent, compared to 2019.
After entering the second half of 2020, car manufacturers resumed their work. The global motorboard market showed a rapid recovery from the v-type reversal of company prices compared to the 300-point trend.
• Active high-end layout products and investment in semiconductor testing applications. The company has planned to invest 6,250 m2 per year of new high-level high-density interconnection layers in semiconductor chip testing and 165,000 m2 in next-generation high-frequency high-speed communications
High-density interconnection layers in the field to further improve the industrial layout, strengthen high-end products, successfully develop bsg control panels, adas master panels, car-borne energy panels, ceramics, lampboards, new products such as copper plates, and begin to gradually import volume products; Yellowstone 2 automobile plates.
Line production and client certification were also well advanced, and in the fourth quarter of 2020 it was achieved as a single research assistant: HW Jinzhin, a high-level multi-layered demand that matches the company ' s development path.
Prismark projects a global composite growth rate of about 5.8 per cent for pcb in 2020-2025, a projected growth rate of about 5.6 per cent for pcb in China, and it is expected that by 2025 China ' s pcb output will continue to maintain a significant market position that will provide important support for the overall development of the pcb industry.
(002463) The depth of the idc base station in the 5g era is increased only at the speed after the silicon base plate, and the potential of the car board to maintain the company's “buy-in” rating.
Construction of 5g is slow; production capacity is not as high as market expansion; competition with the industry is increasing; external friction is increasing; Figure 1 shares in electricity and some major client groups are 100 million yuan, compared to 3,397 million yuan in mainland China and 195 million yuan in other regions. In 2019 it was 31.71 million yuan in foreign countries.
• Enterprise communications market board — car board — office and industrial equipment panel
I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it.
We're going to have to do something about it.
Figure 5 Changes in the global market share of pcb, 2009-2016
Figure 112020-2025 Global pcb Industrial Development Forecasts, pcb Orientation Study. This report is presented independently and objectively using information on legal compliance. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.