The rate of increase in China's insurance policy (601601.sh) has improved on a quarterly basis. The rate of increase in the insurance policy has improved on a quarterly basis compared with the rate of increase in China's insurance policy in the third quarter of 2025. The rate of increase in the insurance policy has continued to increase.
Net assets are back up at the end of the year, up from +1.1 per cent at the beginning of the year. In line with the improved rate of new increases in the past +1 per cent in the life insurance policy, the silver policy has increased the rate of new increases; and the same improvement in the price of the same +1 per cent in the previous three quarters.
15.4 billion, or +31.2 per cent (retroactive), compared to the reported +32.3 per cent, a slight decrease, with no back-to-back migration of high-end passenger layers, with the ratio of clients of medium- and high-level clients and above +4.8 pct; continued optimization of product structure, new insurance period, sustained improvement of capacity, average monthly coverage of 181,000 marketers as of the end of the third quarter, almost equal to the same ratio,
71,000 yuan per person per month for the first size of the core workforce, +16.6 per cent, and 16.2 per cent for the silver system: 42.2 per cent for the new channel, or 36.8 per cent for the new channel; 140.0 billion for the new channel, or +9.1 per cent for the first three quarters, or +0.1 per cent for the same period)
Revenue from insurance premiums for the original insurance of the medium-car insurance was $80.5 billion, compared with +2.9 per cent, affected by the proactive restructuring of the business, non-car insurance. Cor Improved performance supported growth, and new operations were reported to have increased slightly, or as a result of the restructuring of the business and the impact of major disasters.
• Stock market rises and equity increases led to an expansion of total return on investment 2.97 trillion in group investment assets at the end of the three quarters, compared with +8.8 per cent at the end of the previous year, and net investment in corporate investment assets in the previous three quarters.
Nbv’s growth, driven by China’s 2025 equity enhancement, has led to an expansion of the corporate return on total investment. Life insurance continues to improve the trend, assuming adjustment.
Next Nbv Upgrade - China Pacific 2024.