The continued growth of the silver insurance channel, the continued growth of nbv, and the ability of the market to sell floating and profitable products and the supply of product services, represented on November 04, 2025, are expected to increase value creation on a continuous basis.
Question: The core indicators are generally good, and their size and value are in sync with agency channels that build capacity around client stratification and risk-sharing sales, branding, and systematization.
Good individuals and organizations, and management through regular teams, build on team capacity. Silver insurance channels insist: silver insurance channels grow brightly and net profit fluctuations do not change long-term resilience - 2025/04/27.
At the core of the value, the premium increases even further in size. In January-September, the silver insurance channel achieved a premium of 58.31 billion yuan in size, and China's 2024 annual report rating (601601.sh) shows a bright performance at both ends, with the “long-boat” transition going further - 2.
Dots integration + client sophistication + talent development”, based on the needs of bank clients for wealth management and old-age health, continuously optimizes the supply of products and services, upgrades workforce capacity, and leads to the growth of value-based pay-in operations.
The premium income is $16.21 billion, or +0.1 per cent; the vehicle insurance coverage is $80.460 billion, or +2.9 per cent; and the non-car insurance is improved. The insurance policy continues to optimize the structure and quality of the operation and to promote innovation in new energy products and services; the insurance policy is geared towards upgrading the professionalization and optimization of the structure around national strategies and the needs of the population; and it is accompanied by the use of the ai and a number of intellectuals.
Enabling, strengthening anti-pollution and risk reduction management, and expanding agricultural insurance coverage and deepening technology applications. The increase in the q3 index at the beginning of the year was faster than +8.8%, yielding bonds was somewhat higher, and companies, while insisting on strategic asset allocation, extended the period reasonably and strengthened ownership and diversification.
Investment recommendations: Corporate liabilities are generally good, life insurance is well advanced, and the transition to a “long voyage” is solid and secure, while silver insurance channels are fast-tracked, product structures are constantly optimized, and value growth is good.
Figure 2: Value and rate of increase of new Chinese Pacific insurance operations, Figure 4: Combined cost rates of Pacific insurance insurance insurance, Figure 3: Size of average monthly insurance salespersons in China
Figure 5: Performance of the rate of return on investment in China, with methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.