Taibo, China (601601.sh)
In the first three quarters of 2025, firm performance grew robustly. From the continued upgrading of the quality of channels and improved investment returns, the company achieved business income of $34,499.04 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 11.1% compared to the previous quarter, and a net return of $45,700 million, an increase of 19.3% compared to the previous three quarters.
The increase in the profitability of the company’s core business is due mainly to the rise in capital markets and the growth in insurance service performance. The transition to a “long voyage” of life insurance has been very effective, with silver insurance channels contributing to a core increase.
A 52-week maximum/minimum price The transformation strategy has advanced deep, with a strong dynamic for value growth. During the previous three quarters, the Easter Life Insurance had achieved a new business worth $15,351 billion, with a significant 31.2% increase in comparable calibres, and the effect of the transition gradually became apparent.
In the first three quarters, the premium was 58.310 billion yuan, an increase of 63.3 per cent over the high rate; of this, the premium model for the new insurance period remained stable, with 181,000 monthly average insurance salesmen.
At the same time, the firm push for structural transformation of the product and the increase to 58.6 per cent of the median premium paid by the agent channel for the new insurance period helped to optimize the product structure and reduce the cost of indebtedness.
In the last three quarters, the cost of insurance insurance policy was 97.6%, or an optimal of 1.0 percentage points. The company ' s original premium revenue was $16,206 million, or roughly the same. Of this, insurance coverage increased steadily by 2.9% to $80,461 million.
The decline of 2.6 per cent over the same period was due mainly to the company's initiative to restructure its operations and to the downgrading of high-risk personal credit.
Equity investment contributed elasticity, and the return on total investment increased considerably. In the last three quarters, the company achieved total investment revenue.
Market opportunities are well grasped. Companies actively deploy long-term solidized assets to extend them for a long time, and to capture the interest rate wave of China's TPS (601601.sh) - deep transformation, excellent investment, and significant profits.
Investment recommendations: in 2025, the corporate transformation strategy was steadily advanced and the business performance was robust. The authors of the report were assured that the data used were from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be independent, objective and impartial, without any third party ' s approval or influence; the authors had not studied it in the past, now or in the future.