Reorganization has been successful, fighter leaders have come out of the air, bowing to the forest, and the SEAL's Reorganization of Major Assets has been approved by the SEC Review Committee for Merger and Purchase.
Our analysis and judgment.
(i) The reorganization was successful and the company's business was expected to change its identity. The company intended to sell its original assets to the Golden City Group, and the price of $8.04/stock was released to China Shipping Industry, Huallon, to purchase 100 per cent of the Shen Fei Group's equity and to finance it.
On 20th, the reorganization programme was successful, and the company will become the sole shareholder of the Shen Fei Group, whose main business will be converted from less profitable specialized vehicle, microcard, and hydraulic parts to air product manufacturing.
The company’s share is expected to increase significantly a year’s minimum price (in yuan) for the removal of its main business.
(ii) Changes in the blending programme, with the group remaining fully confident, the date of the announcement of the conference resolution being changed to the first day of the issue, corresponding to a reduction of about 70 per cent in the number of shares issued to the Aviation Industries Group, Mechanical Electric Company and China Motors, which we believe will continue to be the subject of the announcement.
In addition, the adjustment of the pricing scheme has increased to a certain extent by demonstrating the group’s confidence in the company’s lack of real liquidity as a share (in thousands of shares).
The security margins of investments in the restricted share of the market at the level of the market (million shares) have helped to stimulate market investment.
(iii) Capacity-building projects for the development of new machines contribute to sustainable development. The company intends to devote all of the funds raised to the production capacity-building project for the development of new machines, after deducting intermediary costs.
For upgrading, aviation manufacturing companies need “multiplicity, small batches, high accuracy, low cost, rapid development” capabilities.
With steady growth and accelerated upgrading of aviation equipment, we look forward to the future of the company. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.