Long-power technology (600584.sh) Watch for diversity and advanced envelope layout.
The de-introduction of semiconductor sector stocks continues to have an impact, with 1023 performing pressure. Long-electric technology 1023 yields 56.60 billion yuan (yoy-28.0 per cent, qoq-34.8 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 110 million yuan (yoy-87.2 per cent, divisional acceleration of rapid growth in motor electronics, 5g communications, high-performance calculations, high-performance calculations from consumer to market demand.
Strategic layout of high-value-added markets such as storage, continued focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technologies, s098052209001 to further enhance core competitiveness. 2022, by market application area: telecommunications electronics share
In the field of testing, companies have introduced more tests such as 5g radio frequency, car-borne chips, high-performance computing chips, etc. The associated income has increased by 25% over the same period. The diversified layout is expected to boost the company’s performance recovery in 2h23.
Long-power technology is comprehensive in advanced encapsulation technology, and a high-density isomer programme is entering stable volume production. 52 weeks of maximum/lowest price Long-power technology focuses on key applications in 5g communications, high-performance computing, consumption, automobiles and
In June 2022, the company ' s high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series was scheduled to move to a stable production phase.
With this technology, companies are expected to increase their competitiveness significantly in such markets as fpga, cpu, gpu, ai, and 5g web chips. Investment advice: advanced integrated circuit manufacturing and technology providers maintain “buy-in” ratings.
Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - The Road to Long-term Growth with Accumulation of Advanced Appliances - Three Quarterly Review of Long Power Technology - 60584-2021: Short Cutout and High Performance
The semi-annual performance forecast for long power technology - 600584-2021: sealing the tap, plus the semi-annual performance forecast for long power technology - 600584-2021: sealing the tap, plus performance figure 1: corporate annual operating income and the same rate of growth
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Quarterly net profits of the company and rate of increase in the same year ' s return, Figure 4: Quarterly net profits of the company and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 5: Cost over the company period, Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author