There has been a marked increase in investment in construction, research and development, with a view to long-term robust development in the future
The net profit on construction in progress, non-recurrent gains and losses, is $249, an increase of 24.18 per cent in the same year. The company’s management costs for the first quarter of 2018 were $103 million, an increase of $44,285 million in the same year and 75 per cent in the same year;
In 2018, revenues increased by $130 million, mainly from ceramic backhells, mlcc, pkg, ceramic tablets, micromis and watch sheets. The company's cell phone, ceramic backhells, supplied by poppo, is currently in the mainstream of the machine, with micx2s and oppo15 dreams.
Exterior ceramics, mix2s and oppor15 are in short supply and are expected to be released in the second quarter to boost company performance; mlcc has been in high prices since this year, with companies growing in 2018 and rising in volume; and pkg has a large expansion in supply and demand, extending from crystalline to saw and cms.
1,741/1,643 image sensors; ceramic tablets mainly benefit from the increased lighting requirements of led, object networking, 40,603/38,303
25. 49/18.86. Micromes has been included in the list since its acquisition on 7 August 2017. This year, companies have increased their production.
The three-ring group (3000408), the "non-recurring gain/loss and equity incentive costs" was to be spread over the quarter.
Non-recurring gains and losses, equity incentive costs, and increased investment in research and development affect a quarter of performance. As a result of changes in accounting policies that include government subsidies as other gains, the first quarter of 2017 was the first quarter of the government subsidy of 1087 flat-water securities-tied groups (300408).
Ten thousand yuan, with $11.79 million in government subsidies in 2018, are recorded as other income in the profit statement.
The equity incentive fee was spread quarterly, with equity incentive costs of $4.1371 million incurred throughout the first quarter of the year, and the flat-ocean securities-tied group (300.408) performed in the first quarter of 2018.
The cost of equity incentives is $19.295 million, with a significant increase in management costs. The company’s management costs in the first quarter of 2018 are $103 million, an increase of $44.285 million, or 75 per cent, in the same amount; Increased management costs, in addition to the cost of de-equity incentives, are mainly associated with an increase in research and development costs.
In addition to these impacts, the internal growth rate is higher, the costs of R & D, construction in progress have increased significantly, and operations are well under way. In the first quarter of 2018, the increase in management costs was mainly invested in R & D costs, in addition to equity incentives.
This has increased, and there has been a marked increase in corporate R & D investment in recent years, as well as a clear acceleration in the roll-out of new company products, which has been able to sustain steady growth. The increase in construction work has been 48.67%, mainly due to the growth of business ceramic backhells, mlcc, pkg, and titanium tablets.
Based on the “materials+” strategy, which expands the operational boundaries and creates “advanced material specialists” with national influence, the company develops products based on ceramic materials, on the one hand, and non-ceramic materials, on the other, for example, for endogenous development.
Products such as functional electronics, special applications of glass, and in 2012 the company established three-ring research, with a marked increase in construction, research and development inputs, with a view to a steady and long-term development of a new product, which has been growing rapidly in recent years.
In 2017, the acquisition of micro-Mexis accelerated the process of internationalization of companies and realized existing processes with companies to promote technological upgrading and innovation, and companies will continue to do so in the future.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report