Strategic alliance of content strengths to build core State-owned media assets a1310519040001 Industry competition for fee-oriented rates and arpu values, quality content-driven fee growth: the current video industry in the country
The monthly penetration rate for active users has reached 96%, and the penetration of users has tended to saturate and bottleneck stages. The market model for the video industry is close to $90 billion, and is expected to be more than $150 billion by 2020, maintaining a 20-30% increase (Irey caliber), mainly as a result of rapid growth in advertising income and fee-paying income, and advertising + fee collection
The growth in income from user fees, which accounted for nearly 80% of the industry as a whole, rose from 4.4% in 2012 to 31.2% in 2018, and remained the driving force behind the growth of the online video industry. As user fees become more popular, competition for future video sites will shift further.
The rapid growth of big screen terminals such as iptv and ott also offers a favourable opportunity for video sites to expand their terminals and dig up user arpu values. We believe that quality content resources remain at the core of video site competition, with increasing content input, especially home-made content.
Inputs have become an important tool for the transformation of video sites and the construction of a paid user's Protected River, and a video platform with content cost control and a sustained capacity to produce quality content on its own will build sustainable development advantages, while a two-line video site that creates differentiated competitive advantages through deep-cultivation of the track has been consolidated
Differential advantages and digging down user values, and taking the lead in validating business models and profitability. Relying on Hunan, based on the content strategy of “good self-made + mango monolithic + high-quality selection”, high value for content advantage leads to higher cost-paying user growth: companies act as the only mainstream video platform for state-owned holdings, in the media.
The company, as the only listed platform under the banner of Hunan TV, continues to strengthen the system of positioning and innovative advertising products for “young people, cities, women,” so that the quality content of shareholder units can be tied at a high price.
Resources, together with the Hunan Guard, form a two-platform-driven, media-inclusive development pattern within the Mango ecology. The Department relies on the Hunan Guard’s explosive resources, content, talent-building systems, and constantly improves its capacity to produce quality content, creating content resources with distinctive differences and cost advantages.
This is a 31% share of revenue, well below 84% of Aichi culture, and promotes business models and profitability to be validated first in the business. Quality content drives a rapid growth in the number of users, especially the number of payers, in 2018, with 35.8 million active users on company video days (the latest daily peak is about 67 million) and video conferences.
The number of users reached 107.5 million (2019q1 to 13.31 million), an increase of 138% in the same year, leading to a high growth of 81% in corporate advertising and 114% in the income of members, respectively, and the growing power of the platform. We look to companies that rely on a quality content resource system that feeds on “young, urban, female” users.
Positioning, deepening user conversion, continuous validation, and enhancement of corporate business models and profitability. The industrial chain layout builds mango entertainment ecology, working together in strategic alliances to tap deep channels: the current scope of corporate business encompasses artist brokers, video production, platform operations, multi-realization, and the entire industry chain of interactive marketing.
At the middle end, mango supermedias gain greater autonomy in copyright broadcasting and distribution based on a strong content-making capacity, and at the downstream end maximize the company's ip value through game development and video-blowing derivatives. The company is the only one in the industry that owns iptv and ott.
An integrated video site platform, based on content advantages and license barriers, has enabled company operators to cover more than 130 million users and collect more than 956 million yuan, an increase of 56 per cent.
The user penetration of guangzhenghangseng ott is still spaced, and the development of user-paying habits will also lead to a higher level of user fees on large screens, and the company is expected to further tap into the big screens with content advantages and licenseboard resources.
In December 2018, Mango tv worked together as a strategic partner, working in depth on video content, membership and joint marketing, big data referral, application promotion, iptv products and China's cloudcdn service, using innovative revenue-sharing models.
After signing strategic cooperation with China's mobile flag of 4.37 per cent of equity in capital-in-equity companies, in June, both sides will undertake comprehensive strategic cooperation in basic telecommunications, high-quality copyright content, 5g fields, household products, overseas outreach, strategic investment and other incremental operations.
To work with China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa.
The price-for-content advantage and channel advantage have developed rapidly, giving the company 40 times the target in 2019.
The Mango SuperMaster (formerly known as Happy Buying) was a television shopping platform under the Hunan Watch flag, whose main business consisted of household consumption, content-marketing, o2o power-marketing and consumer finance.
In 2018, it was introduced at a price of $11,551 million at the same price as the happy sun (mangotv), mango fun, the daily media, mango visions and mango entertainment under the Hunan watch. The original business was supplemented by video site operations, video production, artist brokerage, and games.
Internet video and content operations are at the heart of the company's new video website, video production, artist brokerage, and game development.
The member-based Internet video business accounts for about 34 per cent of the total, while the iptv and ott operations represent a commercial business collection of about 10 per cent, with two major operations maintaining high growth rates in recent years. New media interactive entertainment content, based on corporate advantage content resources, generated revenue of $3.25 billion in 2018, or almost 34 per cent, and grew by about 12 per cent from 2017.
▪ advertising income  member income  content publication  other business
Mango super-media is the only listed platform under the Hunan Watch flag, introducing China’s mobile strategy into the stock market. Hunan Watch holds 64.2% of the company’s shares as the actual controller of the company. The company is currently the only listed platform under the Hunan Watch flag and is of strategic importance and significance in the Hunan Watch system.