Mango tv advertising and membership business is still long-term, with high performance or sustained growth throughout the year — Mango ultra-media research
• The company’s medium-term performance of up to 800 million growth 40% of its video business contributed the largest one year’s lowest/highest: the ceiling in the performance forecast. Corporate performance is still high in a less favourable macroeconomic and industrial environment
Maintained strong growth, mainly due to a significant increase of 79.46 per cent in Mango tv ' s core business revenue of $2,485 million, coupled with a modest reduction of 0.73 per cent in overall operating costs, as well as enhanced cost management by the company. • Increase in the combined Māori ratio by 8 percentage points and higher sales and management costs
To benefit from the company's mangotv video business, the Māori rate increased by a significant 11.21 pct over the same year. Sales costs and management costs increased faster, resulting in higher corporate costs compared to the same rate. 2019h1, public sales costs were 18.25% over the same period, an increase of 3.3 pct over the same period; and management costs were 6.64% over the same period.
It shows that companies have significantly increased their content-cost inputs. The growth of advertising and membership income is strong, and the Internet video business will continue to grow at a high rate of 209h1, with Mangotv earning 1.699 billion yuan in advertising, an increase of 62% over the same period.
At the end of the reporting period, the number of fee-payers reached 15.1 million, an increase of 4.26 million compared to the beginning of the reporting period, an increase of 39.63 per cent.
• Keeping an eye on the potential of the company's video business and content production, maintaining the “highly recommended” rating, holding the handy-muck video, exploring the 5g and super-high-light video, and keeping the mango super-magnetic net profit for 2019-2021 at $1,137 million, $1.411 billion,
Ps 1.15, 1.43 and 1.64, respectively. Mangotv advertising and member income are on the rise.
The logic of the show is being strengthened by 2018-10-28 " Performance in the first half of the year increased by more than 90 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and mangotv's operational data continued to improve " 2018-08-30
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $550,399,600, an increase of 10.41 per cent over the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $803.36 million, an increase of 40.33 per cent over the same period.
At a time when the macroeconomic and industrial environment is not favourable, firm performance has remained strong, largely due to a high rate of 79.46 per cent growth in Mangotv revenue from the company ' s core business, coupled with enhanced cost management by the company, which has achieved a moderate decline of 0.73 per cent in overall operating costs.
However, the 10 per cent growth in corporate revenue slowed down and, despite the high growth in corporate Internet video and operator business, the growth in income was hampered by the higher decline in corporate entertainment content production and media retailing, as a result of, among other things, the expansion of the traditional television shopping industry.
Specifically, the Internet video business revenue of 2019h1 was 2,485 million yuan, an increase of 79.46 per cent over the same period; the operator's business income was $565 million, an increase of 41.12 per cent over the same period; the entertainment content production business revenue was $1,574 million, 2 and the combined Māori rate increased by 8 percentage points, with higher sales and management costs.
As can be seen, the combined Māori rate of companies has increased considerably, mainly as a result of the fact that most of the company’s business is gross and interest rates have risen, especially in Mangotv’s core business, where the Māori rate has risen by more than 11 percentage points.
Coins, 33.37% increase in the same year, mainly due to increases in labour costs and property rents; financial costs - 684.2 Increases in corporate R & D projects and inputs; faster increases in sales and management costs, resulting in higher corporate costs.
The cost of corporate sales was 18.25 per cent, an increase of 3.3 pct over the same period; the management cost was 6.64 per cent, an increase of 3.49 billion yuan in cash flow from companies operating in the first half of the year, of which q2 had a net cash flow of 145 million yuan and the ring had a significant increase of 141.4 per cent.
The increase of $1.098 billion in 2018h1 is 53.7 per cent, indicating a marked increase in content cost inputs.3, advertising and member income growth are strong, Internet video operations will remain high, and the carrier of the company's Internet video business is Mangotv, which became operational in the first half of 2019.
Two hundred and eighty-eight million yuan, an increase of 79.46%. In fact, the Internet video industry is under greater pressure, depending on its own strong content capacity, with Mangotv focusing on the location of its “young, urban, female” platform users, and continuing to innovate in the creation of original content, forming a powerful synergy of content-driven platforms.
Businesses, advertising and advertising have risen in reverse. 3.1, advertising has grown by 62 per cent, advertising by more than 70 per cent, 2019h1, and Mangotv has achieved an advertising revenue of $1.699 billion, a 62 per cent increase.
Over 70 per cent of income; nearly 200 advertising brands, an increase of 14 per cent. Corporate advertising continued to grow at a faster pace, despite the larger challenges facing the entire industry market, mainly as a result of the complete ecology of the entire industry chain and its strong ability to innovate in home-grown content based on Tomango.
Advertising resource system: (ii) based on differential positioning and big data analysis of platform users, resulting in accurate placement, promotion of advertising effects, complementarity and positive interaction between advertising and membership; and (iii) provision of individual customization and product matching marketing programmes to advertising users, achieving full process of advertising user claims and programming
At the end of the reporting period, the number of members increased by 136 per cent and the number of members reached 15 million.
The number of paid members reached 15.1 million, an increase of 4.26 million from the beginning of the year, an increase of 39.63%. During the reporting period, the number of members of Dau was rapidly growing, one of which was to insist on a user-centred approach to the creation of a member's ecological system and the creation of a “1+9” super-energy membership matrix that includes young mango festivals, youth advocates, youth experience halls, etc.
To develop membership privileges on the basis of content as a core whole, to increase stock members' stickyness, to make ordinary platform users pay for the migration and transformation of members' users; and to take the lead in entering the off-line track, and to achieve full access to the whole square on-line and below-line through branding activities such as “Members Open Day” “Down to the Mall”, “Mango Box Campe” and so on.
The advantages of pooling resources within the mango ecology have resulted in an overall increase in the competitiveness of the products of the members; third, the rapid growth in the number of user fees, the accurate drawing of user profiles, and the adoption of differentiated product policies have contributed to the conversion of user fees through the strengthening of heterogeneity.
Trends in head video web site mau (in thousands) Growth of Mangotv membership,4 opening up big screen business with the advantage of lending content and license plates, 40 per cent increase in corporate operator business
In the first half of 2019, corporate operators achieved operating income of $565 million, representing an increase of 41.12 per cent over the same period.The company, as the only video website platform in the industry with iptv and ott licence plates, based on content and license plates, has reached 31 provincial administrative regions across the country, with 91 cooperative provincial operators.
In order to promote the sound development of the operator's business, the company has taken the following measures: first, to create basic and high-end value-added services with a distinct “mango+custody” feature, providing high-value precision to large screen end-users.
The rich, fully organized exclusive content and application of sub-products, which drive the Internet video business towards home-based multi-scenario content Extensions in the area of consumption; second, through strategic cooperation with operators, smart hardware end-users, companies have been working with China and China to expand user and fee growth at the end of iptv and the end of ott; and third, through regional transportation.
According to the battalion, while maintaining the steady growth of operations in Hunan Province, it has also been active in developing out-of-country operations in terms of quality content exports, innovative business models, and the identification of potential users.5 The barriers to enhancing content production capacity have continued to be rolled out with a view to visualization.
With over 1,500 content producers, the company has created unique blood-producing mechanisms and open, innovative people to motivate it to produce quality content on a continuous basis and to build up the company’s core competitiveness in content production. 5.1 There are already 16 multi-cultural production teams, with 70% of the head show.
With regard to the production of ecclesiastical programmes, the company's wholly-owned company Happy Sunshine has 16 ecclesiastical production teams, which have created new programmes such as Wives' Romantic Travel 2 and Daughters' Love Breaking Out, which further strengthens the leadership of young people. According to bone data, in January-June 2019, the full-platform ecstasy was aired in Top10.
Mangotv held seven seats, respectively, in the third quarter of a longing life. Singer 2019. The second quarter of a romantic journey between a wife and a son.
The diversity of forms and content has really opened up a new dimension of the innovation of the philanthropy, which has made it possible to interact with the entire population in the first real sense of the profession. 5.2. The film studios are 15, with a 28% thermal top 50 work.
At present, Mangotv has 15 of its own + external video studios, with a double increase in the number and quality of high-quality plays. Data from the boner heat index show that in the first half of 2019, Mangotv accounted for 14 of the top 50 comments on the whole web, eight of which were exclusive, well over the past two years.
Mango's visual "The Envelope of Song" was broadcast on the first round of the Hunan Vigilance, with the Gsm City Network ranked first on both sides of the National Net and the Gsm City Network, and the "Six of Fire Kings" from the Sky Entertainment Media was aired on the first round of the Hunan Vigilance, as well as on the Mangotv, Ekichi and Juju.
In addition, many of the company's rich films are in the stage of broadcasting.
1. Competition in the industry has increased. The video industry is now more competitive, with mangotv’s industrial layout and payment rates.