The advantage of self-control is obvious, with mango super-magnetism in a different way.
The difference between the structure of Mangotv's business: how do we understand that Mangotv is much higher than the Māori level of Achicchiatry? How do we understand the difference between the share of Mango members/advertise/licensed distribution and the rate of increase in Aichi? Mangotv members/advertise/licensed distribution revenue accounted for 18/52/31 per cent of the total revenue of the Platform in 2018, and the Platform, respectively?
The Māori rate is about 35 per cent; for the same period, 43/37 per cent of the three Aichi businesses were accounted for, and the Platform ' s Māori Rate - 8.6 per cent, we believe that the difference between the structure of the business and the Māori rate is behind the difference between the two companies' business structure and the "cost of content investment rate of return": more than 75 per cent of the total broadcast of the Aichi Expo/Cultex, mangotv.
Culticultural content accounts for about 50 per cent of the platform ' s traffic, while home-made and procurement from Hunan Dai account for more than 90 per cent of the total, with more home-made and Hunandu procurement generating more revenue from soft and wide-ranging vendors and copyright distribution, while also achieving much higher income conversion efficiencies from the external purchase of polycrystry or out-purchase dramas, thereby raising the platform ' s Māori ratio.
How do we see the help of the Hunan watch and the relationship between the Mangotv and the Hunan watch? \triangleright 1. The support of the Lake South watch increases the size of the mangotv camp and the level of the Māori ratio: the Hunan watch goes to the mango every year.
tv sells at a low price more than 20 copyrights for the general art, and its contribution to the performance of mangoes is mainly reflected in three points: 1. Expansion of content. The Unit compared to the depth of 300, which has increased the rate of payment and the level of monthly users and increased the income of its members; 2. Mangotv shares with the Hunan Guard.
More than 20 amphibious traders earn money, and mangotv can be re-sellered at the end of the network; 3. mangotv chooses to distribute the Hunan Watch copyright to earn the income. 2. However, if all of them are excluded, mangotv can still earn a profit from the powerful blood-building capacity of the self-made amphibious art: when the influence of the Hunan Watch is completely eliminated, mangotv hair is measured.
The interest rate of 7% is still higher than Ekichia-8.6%. 3. We believe that the relationship between Hunan Watch and Mangotv is far from merely a copyright contract until 2020, but rather a combination of content, talent, management, and business.
We're looking at the higher rates of payments from video platforms as drivers of high growth in member income, measuring about 10 billion members' income space for five years; and the growing capacity of Mangotv to self-organize, as a driver of robust growth in revenue from soft and wide vendors, as measured by a total of 16 billion dollars in advertising revenue for five years, while the projected rate of growth in copyright distribution revenue is slowing down to 2 billion.
Space. The Mangotv platform will grow up on two legs, “Member+ Advertisement,” with a five-year collection space of 28 billion dollars. The domestic video site is not yet profitable, but our current net profit rate of 20 to 40% for label content production companies is expected to be at least once Mangotv is stabilized, with its own content capacity and its channel resources.
20% of the average net interest rate level, plus 20xpe, with market space of 112 billion dollars. High annual profitability, 33x value for 2020. By segment valuation method, we predict that mango will be evaluated in one quarter of the year: performance meets expectations and members receive it.
And the 19e valuation (31x), we conservatively estimate a 19-year profit margin of 25% for mango super-manufacturers, and a 19-year 30x valuation with a market value of 9 billion dollars for operators. We expect 18/18/18 billion for corporate media retail sales in 19-21, plus 1 xps for 19-year happy purchases, valued at 2 billion.
For four companies, Mango Recreational Media/Mango Recreation/Mango Films, a total of 180 million or 200 million bets for the years 2019 and 2020, respectively, the average valuation level of the video production companies was given to four companies for a 19-year 15xpe valuation, valued at about 3 billion dollars.
As a platform for scarce content, while relying on Hunan Watch for natural endowments, stock prices are now at a historically low level, with a “recommended” rating. Advertising offers are less than expected; Hunan Watch is less supportive of companies than expected.
i. From a comparison of financial data: how does the financial performance of Mangotv and Aichiri differ? (i) Differences in reporting data: Achitori Maori rate - 8.6 per cent is lower than about 35 per cent of Mangotv;
In China, the Internet video industry now has a competitive pattern of “3-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-80-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
Data: “One Power” refers to Mango tv, which grew from the Hunan Guard, with 120 million live users in June of 19th. In order to compare the similarities and differences between BMW and the MMW platform, we start with financial data, comparing the Aki culture of the US stock market with the MMW performance of a stock market.
In addition to the Internet video platform Mangotv, there are operators, media retailing, and video content production. In order to compare Mango with Aki culture's Internet video business, we have re-severaled Mango ultra-media as disclosed in the report.
Reorganization, compared only to the Internet video business of two companies. Overall: Akichi collected about 5 times as much as Mangotv in 18 years, but the Māori rate - 8.6% is well below the level of Mango tv of about 35%.
Fees, advertisers, or direct distribution of copyrights for income, whose content costs are a major component of the operating costs, amounting to about 100 million, are estimated to be about 35%. The Aichi culture collection consists mainly of members/advertisements/licensing distribution and webcast literature, whose business income is 25 billion in 2018, and a Māori rate - 8.6%.
Sub-business: Mangotv's advertising and copyright distribution account for 52% and 31% of the revenue, respectively, while Al Qaeda's membership and advertising account for 43% and 37% of the revenue, respectively. We compare the size and the same rate of increase in revenue from membership/advertisement/copy distribution from Aichi and Mangotv from 2015 to 2018, in absolute terms: Mango.
tv collected $840 million in 2018 and Aichi $10.6 million in 2018, and the Mangotv income base is still low; Mangotv received 2.410 billion of Aichit advertising in 2018, with advertising revenue contributing more than 50 per cent; Mangotv received 1.43 billion of Aichi's copyright distribution in 2018, and copyright distribution was 66 per cent.
Four years of kagr 120 per cent of Achilles and a low but fast increase in the income base of Mangotv members; a 26 per cent to 81 per cent increase in Mangotv advertising revenue, while a 66 per cent to 14 per cent decrease in Achilles advertising revenue during the same period; and a 1.430 billion increase in Mangotv in the volume of copyright distribution since 2016, but the pace of business growth has slowed.
(ii) The reasons behind the differences in data: the differences in income structure are mainly due to the structure and content of the content bank; the differences in Maori rates are backed by differences in the return on investment in content; the comparison of financial data in the first part raises two questions: 1. Member/advertisement/licensed distribution revenues are accounted for separately.
The reason behind the differences in income structure and rate of increase is 43/37 per cent of Aichit/advertisement/copy distribution, which accounts for 18/52/31 per cent of the revenue of the Gotv platform. 2. Why is the Māori rate of the Mangotv platform estimated at 35 per cent and the Aichi period was only -8.7 per cent? The analysis in this section attempts to explain these two issues.
1. Behind the differences in income structure: the differences in the structure of the Mango tv & Aichi culture repository and the strategies for its use. This section provides a detailed breakdown of the member/advertisement and copyright distribution revenues of Mango tv to explain why the member/advertisement/licensing distribution revenues of Mango tv and Episcopian culture account for a significant difference in the proportion of total revenue received and the historical rate of growth of each business.
(1) Member income: 840 million per Aichi 1/12, mango monthly users, fees and arpu values compared to Achi 835 million mangotv member businesses in 2018, monthly users, fees and arpu values have much room for improvement.
At the end of tv2018, lifetime users amounted to approximately 91 million per cent of Akichi, but in June 19 the number rose to 122 million, 22 per cent of Akichi, and the Mangotv monthly living base increased at a much faster rate, although small; Mangotv's latest rate (2019q1) was 12 per cent below the Aki culture level of 18 per cent, mainly due to the higher share of Mango tv mixed art programmes, but still remained in the series compared to their ability to attract them.
The difference (discussed in more detail below); the average monthly value of mango tv of $9.1 is lower than the Achillesian level in 2018, and is assumed to be related to a different level of benefits paid by the two platforms to their members. Watching the moon: Mango tv monthly users are more precisely and vertically positioned, but the low base increases at the same time.
The demographic dividend of the current Internet era has gradually turned to the end, with more than 30% growth in monthly users as a whole over the past 19 years. We believe that the number of monthly users can continue to grow more robustly than the number of live users in the future, as companies maintain their strength in the content of the episode and the strength of the polytechnic programme.
See the rate of payment: Mangotv's latest payment rate of 12% in March 19 is lower than the rate of 17 ~18 ~18 ~ 18 % of the Aki culture and tether video. We do not believe that Mangotv's lower rate of payment is due to the weak stickyness of the mangotv platform's users (as can be seen from the last single-day use of mangotv, see table 26, where mangotv's use is longer than good love),
This is directly related to the fact that mangotv's content bank structure is more congenial in terms of its content and is less attractive to the Internet than to its properties: 1. The number of hits on the show usually amounts to about 70% of the platform, while the number of hits on the show is about 50% of the platform because of the strong mango mix. We compare the differences between members and ordinary users in viewing the series and the art.
In terms of benefits, it can be found that for the first series, members can normally view the first six to twelve episodes in advance, for the last two in advance, for ordinary viewers, and for some, only members can see the first series; and for the arts, because advertising sponsorship costs are the product of a wide variety of entertainment programmes, the platform does not normally restrict non-member users to view, so that members usually enjoy only a wide range of rights and interests in view of the entertainment.
The ability to attract user fees is much weaker than in the episode, since the following developments in the case of early viewing are more attractive to users than in the case of a few minutes of clippings, and the ability to attract user fees is therefore weaker than in the case of a series. 2. The means of attracting user fees are more abundant than mangoes, as in the case of Aichiri and Kyoutung.
The video was launched in conjunction with the American League/qq/qq music, the Cool Partnership Hungry/Web, and there are more fluids than Mango tv. With this analysis, Mangotv pays no more than the industry alpha, but we believe that Mangotv will benefit from the industry-wide rate as Mangos grow in abundance and awareness of how to pay.
Table 3: Comparison of the rights and interests of the members of the first series of several platforms: Arpu value: Mangotv averaged $9.1 per month for 18 years, down from $12.8 per month for Aki culture.
The difference in values is mainly related to the platform’s preferential strategy for membership payments: Mangotv charged only $9/month for the first three months of the new user, Aichit received $8/month for the first month of the new user preference, followed by 19 monthly monthly payments and Mangotv’s preference for new users is greater than Ekichi culture. It is worth noting that the average monthly arppu value of Aichi Tender and Mangotv is now well below $19.
This is mainly related to the current use of various promotional activities to attract user fees and lower overall arppu values. At the stage of developing user-paying habits, we believe it is reasonable to use low prices and marketing strategies to attract users, thereby lowering the arppu values, and in the future as user-paying habits evolve and the platform's fine operation (e.g.)
The average monthly arppu value will increase slowly with the introduction of different price packages for different sticky users, etc. (2) Advertising revenue: 2.4 billion or 26 per cent of Akichi, soft and open-sourced Mongo advertising revenue growth, Mangotv's advertising revenue is made up of both hard and soft, and it is mainly for home-made Internet vendors and from Hunan-Tai.
In recent years, the market for content marketing has grown rapidly; the hard mass consists mainly of stickers, screens, information flow advertisements, etc., and the platform is charged, and platform traffic is the central factor in determining hard revenue, and in recent years the market for new media advertisements, such as short videos, has been hit more sharply.
After 18 years of revenue from advertising at $2.4 billion to 26 per cent of revenue from advertising at Aichi, the annual rate of revenue growth in advertising at Aichi can still be sustained, with a high percentage of hits (more than 90 per cent) mainly from Mangotv home-made and Hunan-Tai. Soft income contributes to the bulk of the total revenue from advertising at Mangotv, with soft and wide operations growing along with the industry as a whole.
Hard and wide income has been exposed to short video shocks in recent years. Hard and wide is mainly a variety of types, such as stickers/corns/interpolation/opening, because video members will automatically skip the pre-broadcasts and mid-broadcasts.
In addition, with the rapid growth of the short video industry over the past 17 years, short video advertising with high transformation rates became the preferred way of advertising for effect advertisers, which also hit the hard-breeding of long videos.
Figure 10: Mango vs. Achilles 85% pellinoton, 7pm, we're even more comfortable.
The new sweet Alysser Wang Kai has gone down the road and the screen ads are based on cpd, and the annual open ad revenue = the number of brushes * the discount rate *365 * (Aichi's brush = 8; the regular price)
= $700,000/cpd; Mango tv tv = 3; press = $440,000/cpd) Poster ads are priced at cpm, with cpm prices varying from region to region, and the price of Akichi cpm is about 1.2 times that of mangoes overall. Information flow ads can be priced at cpm or cpc, and current information flow ads are hit by short video and electricity vendor type information stream ads.
Table 5: Mangotv vs. Aichit's hard variety and sales prices The soft and wide market has been growing steadily, and the mango's general art has grown significantly in the first half of the year, and is expected to grow faster than the market evenly. For the flexible and wide market: according to the nine-sum data, the 2019h1 video wide advertising industry is 22 billion, compared to 16%.
For Mangotv's own soft and wide business: Mangotv's soft and wide, the income from the hiring can be divided into two main parts: 1) soft and wide income from the Hunan Vigilance, which can be divided into two parts: 1 Hunan Watch's joint offer at the television end, and Hunan Watch's work with Mangotv based on the amount of air.
• Share; 2 mangotv's independent offer on a web platform (this is partly due to the fact that mango purchases are already in motion, so the services available to the commercials are limited and services such as oral and in-depth programming are not available in the more general form of the art programme, so that the amount of the single polymagnetist is lower). 2019h1 mangotv purchases 12 polymagnets (the same number as in the last year).
Twelve amphibious arts have attracted 33 places in Hunan, a slight decrease from 35 in the same period last year, and 12 more in Mango tv, a slight decrease from 9 in the same period last year. 2) Mango tv homemade flexible and wide-ranging vendors have received soft and wide-ranging income according to the normal Internet-based recruitment process. Mango tv has a remarkable performance in 2019.
In Hahanof, the young people ' s seasons and so on, all of the new ploughs were well-received, with 13 harvests of 12.1 billion hits (yoy+82%) and 35 advertising places (year-on-year +15). We believe that the 209h1 mangotv amplifiers perform better than the entire industry and measure a soft and wide income growth of more than 45% in the first half of the year.
Table 7: Statistics on soft recruitment and client structure in Lake 2018h1~2019h1 Southguard - from 35 in 2018h1 to 33 in 209h1, with little change (3) Copyright distribution revenue: 1.4 billion people account for 66 per cent of Aichi culture, higher income is due to higher revenues from the distribution of the arts, and future revenue will depend on the strategic positioning of the platform
18 years of happy sun content operations, 1.43 billion (15-18 years cagr + 129%) or 31% of Mangotv, including mainly content investment production and copyright distribution. Based on the cost composition of content operations for 2015-2017, it can be analysed that copyright distribution is a major component of content operations, accounting for over 90%.
The profit model is: the exclusive distribution of copyrights through home-made/Hunantai purchase/outsourcing, while the first or second rounds are distributed to the relevant video platform to receive copyright distribution revenue. The revenue from the copyright distribution business is the contractual copyright transfer fee, and the cost is transferred to the content operating costs in accordance with the principle of the low value of the distribution income and the balance of the copyright.
The company ' s copyright distribution revenue is closely linked to the company ' s strategy at different stages of its development: Mangotv announced its first solo strategy in 2014 through " Flowers " to build up the most original group of video platform users; in 2016, Mangotv membership was achieved.
In the first half of the year, there was a decrease in the distribution of copyrights by companies for the arts, with the number of headquarters down from nine to four, but there was an increase in the distribution of the series and a larger collective distribution of the four plays (the “Junior School/Dreaming Fate/Young Doo/Placture of God”), which is expected to be the “Main Power Contributor” for the distribution of the 19h1 copyrights.
Are future corporate copyrights more exclusive or distributed? We believe that distribution is the company’s strategic choice based on mangotv’s different stages of development and platform positioning, but in essence, whether it is exclusive (more attractive to members and advertising) or distribution (directly contributing to cash flow), it is essentially a different form of realization of content copyright assets, and at the core it depends on the continued existence of mangotv platforms.
Figure 13: Historical evolution of the mangotv copyright distribution strategy 2 and password to break the Māori differential: “Investment return 3” from content cost structure to video platform
Video platforms, whether traditional or Internet-era, are essentially “distributors” connecting upstream content suppliers to downstream demand (and, of course, distributors can integrate content supply vertically upwards). Video platforms sell advertising to b-end advertisers and advertising agents, sell membership products to c-end consumers for revenue, buy content copyrights,
Bandwidth, human resources, and the core of Māori differentials are the large differences in content costs. This section will detail the composition and amortization of Mangotv, Achicchi, and the U.S.-based media leader, Netflix content copyright, in order to discern the reasons behind the Māori differential.
(1) Overall: content costs for mangotv and netflix are about 46%, well below the Aki culture ratio. Overall: content costs for mangotv are about 46% closer to Netflix, and Aichi content costs are 84% higher.
The proportion is higher, and it has risen steadily in recent years, to 84% in 2018. We think further about the high cost of content as a percentage of revenue, and the reasons behind the low: because a large part of the cost of content is amortization of copyrighted assets (mango super-media and Naifi's copyright asset amortization = content cost: Aichi art is special, copyright assets amortize only about 50% of the cost of content, and home-made content costs.
The share of revenues between the component and the live split shows, and the resulting higher cost of content for different video platforms, may be the reason for the equivalency – with different degrees of easing of policies for amortization of intangible assets by different companies; or with different operational efficiencies – for the investment returns of copyrighted assets by different companies.
Annual content cost ratio (2) is amortized: the amortization rate (current amortization/current acquisition) of the copyrighted assets of Mangotv is approximately 70 per cent similar to that of Aichi, higher than about 60 per cent of netflix, and the policy of Mangotv and Aichi amortization is more stringent
We want the difference in financial data to reflect the difference in returns on copyright input by the three companies, and we do not want the difference in accounting amortization policies to affect our judgement about the efficiency of the company's operations, so we start by comparing data from the copyright amortization policies and amortization rates of the three companies in order to try to eliminate the impact of the differences in accounting policies on the business efficiency issues that we are looking at.
In policy terms: both netflix and Aichie, which are marketed in the United States, use the method of recognizing future income projections for home-made content, but not the same as Aichi, which directly costs a portion of the projected future total income less than production costs, and Naifi's home-made content, which is fully assetized: Netflix uses accelerated depreciation for external purchases, while Ekichia is the exclusive home based on whether or not it is copyrighted.
In terms of amortization: we define the current accounting amortization/the actual increase of copyright for content as the amortization rate for copyrighted assets, the higher the amortization rate means the more stringent the rules for amortization of copyrighted assets.
In terms of actual cash spending: the most direct way to remove the impact of the amortization policy at the accounting level is to calculate directly the share of the company ' s cash spending on content copyrights as a direct share of its cash income, but because of a large part of Akichi art, it is self-made.
The content is directly cost-effective, so we can't recover cash from previous periods through the cash flow statement, so we're just comparing mango supermedia and netflix. We use the copyrights to buy cash/collect (where the denominator should be the actual cash income, i.e., the collection + the deferred income, but because of incomplete data on the deferred income of mango excess and the very small percentage of deferred income received, the denominator uses it directly).
This indicator compares the returns on Mango super-media and Netflix copyright investment: 3 billion of Mango tv are called “Small Wizards” compared to the nearly hundreds of billions of content copyright investment in Netflix in 2018, but 3 billion of Mango tv's copyright received nearly 4.7 billion, with a higher return on copyright investment than Netflix.
(iii) Behind the difference in returns on investment: why is the return on investment on the content of Mangotv copyright far higher than on Aichi? — The nuclear mind is home-made: Mangotv's own-made portfolio investment has a high return and Aki culture's content continues to suffer a high loss, and we split Mangotv and Aki's copyright assets according to the acquisition path (home-made or outsourcing) in more detail.
To explore the reasons behind the high rate of return on the mangotv copyright. From the self-made and outsourced content input in the report: 1. Mango ultra-moderate self-procured assets + HUNDAY purchase a relatively high proportion of copyright assets: Aichi made 28% of the total copyright assets in 2018, while Mango super-procured copyrights took place in 2017.
40% of the total copyright assets (mango supermedia did not disclose 2018 data). 2. In fact, Aichi's input into home-made content is far greater than 28% of home-made copyright assets, although most of the inputs are cost-effective. Unlike Mangotv amortization policy, Aichi does not include all home-made inputs in copyright assets, when it is estimated that the income from content production is less than the expected.
In the amount of the input, Aichi calculates the direct cost of its own input into its content. The cost of Aichi's content consists of the sharing of copyright assets, the costing of its own input, the division of original content and live programming. In 2018, copyright assets were amortized at $11 billion, with an estimated share of live and split dramas of no more than $5 billion, thus estimating at least the cost of its own content.
More than 5 billion. Compared to the net addition of $4.44 billion in 2018, the cost component was more than 5 billion, and the rate of return for mango super-mixed magnesium (Ref. 22 for home-made magnesium returns) was significantly higher. From the actual number of hits on home-made and out-sourcing content from various platforms, 1. Mango-magnetized magnesium content is markedly more self-made.
In Aichi culture: Mango tv homemade and Hunan-Taieng procurement has accounted for more than 95 per cent of the hits, and head tyrannical all for homemade and Hunan-Tai, while for Achit it has more than 70 per cent of the total number of tyrannical and head tyrannium, and for extraneous content; 2. Mango super-motivated and eccentric art has less than significant capacity, with more than 80 per cent currently out of platforms: Mangotv and Love.
In combination with this analysis, we believe that the return on investment in Mango supermedia is higher than at the core of Aki culture because of Mango tv and the higher share of polyclimatics purchased from Lake South.
And the return on investment is much higher than the home-made content of the outsourcing content and the Aichi culture. (Note: For the 2018 episode of Aichi and Mango, we have only counted the annual hits of more than 10 million or the total number of reviews of more than 500; top 30/Culture Statistics are the number of the q1~q4 quarter of Mango/Aichi culture entries into Top30.)
II. Further reflection on the rate of return on investment in content: the efficiency of the operation of the video platform in two dimensions, from the type of content and the way it is obtained, can be compared with the financial data on the first part of Mango SuperMechanism and Aichi culture.
The Māori rate, which stems mainly from the high return on investment in Mango tv home-made and polycrystry purchases from Hunantai, will be based on the conclusions of part one, which will explore in greater depth the reasons why Mango tv's return on investment is higher than the core of the general video platform, in terms of both the content type (the drama & the film) and the way it is obtained (the home-made & procurement etc.).
(i) Internet video companies in terms of content type: An overview of the main contribution to the flow 1 and the content type 1
The current matrix of content of the Internet video platform consists of several sections, such as film/tapes/circulation/crowding/documentation/studies/fictions/games, which are at an early stage of development and are still small, and film/sculptures/circulations contribute to the three main flows.
From the number of hits, we compare the number of hits to the number of hits on the top half of the sky in the series “20/7” compared to the series “Ai Yooten” and the “Mangotv” series. We compare the number of hits on all the online series and the “Mangotv 2018-2019” (Ai Chi and Juo, which were closed from the front desk in September 2018 and January 2019), so the time period was selected only for the corresponding period):
In the first half of 2019, Mango tv showed a remarkable increase in its content, mainly due to the excellent performance of 19 years.
In the first half of the year, the number of mango monocultures rose from 47 per cent in 18 years to 60 per cent in the first half of the year 2019; the average number of individual monolithics of all mango monoliths of quality rose from 560 million in 18 years to 770 million in the first half of the year (compared to 19 per cent in the first half of the year).
Figure 19: Mango tv/Team Video/Foot/Ecclesiastical 2018~2019 Multi-Arts & Theatres & Films & Comparisons, counting the number of hits, do not reflect the total number of plays or performances of the platform (because of the non-statistical historical series/Cultures in 18/19), but can broadly reflect the performance of the new series/Cultures in 18/19.
Only the number of hits from the 2018 up to the end of 2018/August 2018 was recorded.2 The average number of airtime days is about 120, well over 30-40 days, and the retention capacity of the users is much greater, compared with the overall & drama cycle: the average number of airtime is about 120 days.
We've been able to run a top10 series from the Mango tv platform in 2018-2019, where it can be seen that the festival shows an average of about 120 days, well over 30 to 40 days, with a much greater ability to retain users. At the same time, a good mix of ip can usually be played in consecutive series, such as Runboys, Extreme Challenge, Singer, Star Detective, and so on.
Household loyalty to the platform is higher and more robust than the risk of the drama.3 The system of separation from production is more mixed: television shows were separated from production around the year 2000, with less competitive advantages than the TV station.
The Chinese television station was divided twice: in 1999-2003 or so, the content of the TV drama was initially released, with the first private television drama production companies emerging; and since 2012 the production of television-multicultural programmes has been completely marketed. The first production of the television drama was marketed as a result of the production of television dramas.
This is why the Mango Super-Mechanism, which is rooted in Hunan, has a competitive advantage over the production of the show.
It's not a strong reason: TV dramas have been dissipated since they emerged in the 21st century, so the ability to produce TV dramas does not have a significant advantage over the self-promoting beauty that began around 2015. (ii) From content access to Internet video companies: Mango Homemade and Hunan-Dai Purchasing.
We've counted Mangotv and Aichit in January-August 2018 (the month of Aichi was chosen because the front desk was shut off in September) and Mangotv and Tungsaw videos 2018h1~2019h1 (theatrical & polytheistic) and acquisition of sub-content types.
The content structure of the channel (homemade/cooperative/outsourcing). For the amphibious show: more than 90% of Mongo hits contribute to the Hunan family compared to at least 50% of Aichi and Tweets, and 100% of Mongo's monolithic hits were increased in the same period, compared with the Mongo video.
The number of hits is declining. We think the key reason behind the data for the polygenesis category is that the tether video and the eccentric art as interconnecting companies have no genes to make content, so it takes a lot of “testing costs” to develop the platform by dynamically different content, whether it's self-made or custom-made with others (customing requires a view of choosing the polygenic type).
And Mangotv is embedded in the Hunan Guard, with its natural media properties, inherited from the Hunan Vigilance over decades of deep-cultivated art, and has a far greater advantage of home-made. For the episode: Mangotv, Aichi, and Tetsu videos are now all out-sourced, gradually developed and custom-made. Mangotv has a better route than Mongotv.
The difference is that the drama collection focused more on feminized topics and reduced costs by using non-head actors. Figure 21: Aichi culture's hits from January to August 2018 - Figure 20: Mangotv's hits from January to August 2018
Outsourcing takes over, but at the same time it takes over, while at the same time it takes over, and at the same time it takes over.
Figure 23: Akichi, January-August 2018, showing a picture of the number of hits on the art -- a home-made and Hunan-Taiji purchase for the master-manufacturing, but the cost of the outsourcing is still high
The return on home-made & home-made investment is higher than the return on out-of-pocket purchases due to custom & home-made dramas that do not require higher premiums at market prices; in a and b, out-of-pocket investment returns are higher than home-made, mainly because the cost of home-made content was expected to exceed 5 billion in 2018, and the cost of home-made content assets increased by 4.4 billion in 2018, based on our split of the cost of Aki culture.
(iii) Disaggregated Internet video companies: Feminization, Stickyness, Positioning More Mangotv, “Young” and “Women,” and more accurate positioning. We believe that there are two ways to prove Mangotv’s current more accurate user orientation: a user image: the latest data from June 2019 by Irei.
Young user groups under 30 years of age account for the top of four platforms, 2 looking at the content of mango distribution to other platforms Number of hits: We counted the content of mango distribution to other platforms from 2016 to 2019, and Mango as an active user with about a fifth of Achi art and troupe, distributed to other platforms with mango-made conglomerates (e.g. Singer " Dear Inn " My Home).
This shows that users have a better understanding of mango-multicultural programmes, and even if they have more than one platform, users are willing to view mango tv when watching mango tv and making a mango tv.
Mango tv is a single user with a steady high position and a strong member platform. From the questmobile data, we can see that mango tv has grown significantly in per capita time since 2019, and is now above the top; and Aichi is a high user of the art card: we split the current membership income of Aichi and Mango tv with the deferred membership income structure.
(The percentage of deferred income, i.e., the amount charged for the current year but whose income has not been recognized, is higher for card members than for card members per month, and higher for deferred income, can be seen as the total deferred income of mangotv is about 16% compared to the current year, slightly higher than the Aichi culture.) We believe that the deferred income of mangotv is still comparable to the share of deferred income, against the background of the excellent use of multiple federation members and promotion methods to channel flows.
A little more achictic, indicating that the membership of mangotv has a high degree of platform stickyness. Figure 25: User age differentials - the highest proportion of people under 30 years of age in mangos. Figure 27: Gender contrast of the exclusive series of shows by platform - Mangotv has a strong female profile.
Figure 28: Mongo vs. vs. Achicto Monument Mongo Vsten vs Aichi Monument Monument Videos/Aichi Art/Foot 2016 - 2019
III. How do we see the relationship between Mangotv and Hunan Watch? From our analysis, one of the reasons why Mangotv operates more efficiently than Ekichio is the high return on investment in monolithy from Hunan Watch - Mangotv buys unique information on 12 Hunan Watch monoliths every year at a price of 400 million.
And that's the part of the market that questions Mangotv most about: how efficient the Mangotv platform is when you leave the so-called “blood transfusion” of the Hunan Guard?
Having taken care of all aspects of the operational support of the Hunan Guard to Mangotv, and then, under the most conservative assumption -- that is, to cut off all the connections with Mangotv -- to see if Mangotv is still operating more efficiently than Aichi. Finally, we reflect on the relationship between the Hunan Guard and Mangotv, and further reflect on the unique advantages and core of the Mangotv platform.
(i) Looking at business: What help is it that Hunanguard sees as mangotv? The Hunan Taiwan has financed the domestic distribution of information networks for the purpose of injecting/selling to happy sunshine the exclusive television programmes produced by him and aired by him from 1 January 2015 to 31 December 2020, which have the right to disseminate information networks in the country.
In 2015 - 2017, this portion of the copyright was increased/purchased at $376/3.882.8 million, and in 2018 - 2020, it was agreed that the exclusive information network, which sells the Mango copyright to more than 20 home-made philosophies to the Hunan Guardian, will have a purchase price lower than the market price. We analyzed the ten-play show of the copyright value granted to Mangotv in the Hunan Guardian from 2015 - 2017:
In 2017, for example, Mango bought Singer, " Here we come," "I want to sing 2 with you" , which cost about 90 million dollars, but the distribution of copyrights in only four types of art exceeds 450 million dollars, and Mangotv has a low cost of purchasing. Hunan Watch shares its home-made soft and wide revenue by clicking, while Mangotv can also purchase a mix of art from the Hunan Tower.
In addition to Hunan Watch's annual sale of copyrights at a lower price, Mango tv's HUNDAY-FOXI can also receive a share of the income according to the number of net hits and viewers on the stage, while the Lake South XI is offered a second offer on the net (which is a relatively small share of the income).
(ii) How efficient does Mangotv operate under the assumption of removing the support of the Hunan Watch? Hunan Watch sells more than 20 information networks to Mangotv at a lower price each year, more than 20 of them.
The main effects of copyright on mangotv are as follows: 1. Member income: 24 rights of Hunan Watch, such as Happy Big Camp Singer, have increased user willingness to pay fees; 2. Advertising income - hard and wide: copyrights bring in flow and hits while the platform is aired, expanding the influence of mangotv ' s platform and the hard and wide amount available; 3. Advertising income - soft and wide: Hunanbeit
Depending on the share of the collectors distributed to Mangotv, and the fact that Mangotv has a second call for some of them at the end of the network (this part is smaller); 4. Copyright distribution: Hunan Watch gives the Mangotv network the exclusive right to disseminate information at the end of the network, and Mangotv can choose to receive income from the distribution copyright. Part of the market's question about Mangotv is that Mangotv has won.
In order to find out if Mangotv itself is more efficient than the head video platform, we will remove the help from the Mangotv business in 2018, and then compare the selected indicators with the Aichi culture.
How efficient and self-made the tv platform is. From this analysis we already know how the support of the Hunan Watch influences Mangotv operations, and we're going to try to quantify and eliminate the impact of the Hunan Watch, and then analyse the efficiency of the Mangotv platform as compared to Achi.
1. Member ' s income: it is difficult to determine precisely what content the user is up to, so it is rough to assume that Hunan Watch contributes to the income of the member and that the number of hits on the content of that part of the copyright amounts to mangotv.
The total number of hits from the Mangotv platform was 19.1 billion in 2018, and the total number of the full platform drama + gaming was 77.1 billion. Considering that the platform also has films/immotions/ games, our conservative estimate of the series + comprehensives represent 90% of the total number of hits from the platform, and we're counting the purchase from the Hunanguard.
Considering that head content is more attractive to members’ income, and that more than half of Hunan Watch’s more than 20 copyrights per year are headlines, we conservatively estimate Hunan’s copyright contribution to its members’ income at 30%, and at 580 million after its elimination.
2. Hard and wide income: hard and wide revenue collection, flow is a central factor in determining hard and wide revenue, and we've been measured to have 22 per cent of the full platform ' s air traffic from the Hunan Viagra distribution, learning from grass-roots research that mango tv is hard and income is less than 40 per cent of total advertising revenue, assuming that hard and wide income is 35 per cent, and we've been cleared of the influence of the Hunan Vi.
3. Soft and broad income: Soft and broad income is made up of two main components: the Hunan Watch's click split and Mangotv's network of end-users (also divided into networks that purchase revenues from the Hunan Network for the Protection of the Visual Arts and Mango tv's home-made copyright).
We assume that Hunan Watch accounts for 5% of the total number of offers and eliminates the amount of offers.
In 2018, 735 million yuan was removed from the soft mass distribution of Mangotv by the Hunan Guardian, and 790 million yuan was received from the soft and wide income from the banishment of the Hunan Vigilance; 4. Copyright distribution revenue: revenue from copyright distribution received for Mangotv's exclusive rights to disseminate information on the Internet.
The revenue from sales to other platforms, based on the statistics below for the distribution of Mangotv to other platforms in 2018, is conservatively estimated at 50% of the 1.43 billion distribution revenue from the Hunan Tai copyright complex, and $720 million from the distribution of copyrights after the ban on the influence of the Hunan Guard.
Mangotv purchases 440 million, or 14 per cent of total procurement funds, of the Hunanguard copyrights in the year, and we assume that Hunanguard will have a similar amortization rate for the procurement/home-made/external procurement content, so that the portion of content costs to be excluded is 14 per cent of the total content cost of $2.15 billion; bandwidth costs are 456 million in 2017, and we assume that the ratio is +10 per cent in 2018.
The cost of bandwidth, which is 22% of Hunan Watch's broadcasting, is eliminated; other costs include, inter alia, employee remuneration, which is 30% faster in 2018. We think that Hunan Watch's purchasing rights have little impact on this portion of the cost, and we find that by removing the impact of Hunan Watch on Mangotv's business along the above lines: even under more conservative assumptions, it will be possible to do so.
We can further split the cost contribution of the mangotv platform's home-made and other outsourcing content, as can be seen from the fact that the core of Mangotv's profitability is the high Māori rate of home-made Māori (which is estimated at 37 per cent, while the outsourcing business is still at a loss).
The total cost of about 830 million contributed more than 1.3 billion dollars in operating income. (iii) How do we understand the relationship between Hunan Watch and Mangotv?
After removing the contribution of the Hunan watch, the Mangotv platform is also more efficient than Ekichi. This does not mean that we think that the relationship between the Hunan watch and the Mangotv is fragmented. On the contrary, as two platforms of the same “Hungnan system” (electronic and Internet video platforms), we believe that the relationship between the Hunan watch and Mangotv is not just signed until 2020.
For Mango tv, Hunan Watch sells more than 20 amphibious art to Mango tv at a certain price each year and shows it on a two-way platform: For Hunan, Mango tv will also have a number of self-made amphibious and anti-smoking lake southwatches in 2018, such as the Mango tv team.
"I am the Great Detective" and "Sweet Strikes", produced by Mangotv in collaboration with other production companies, are aired on the Hunan Vigilance, which allows for two-way interaction between Mangotv and Hunan Vigilance. 2. Business integration: the method of joint solicitation between Hunan Taiwan and Mangotv advertising, the sharing of customer resources and the sharing of sales based on the number of hits from both platforms.
1+1>2 in advertising. 3. Integration of talent: For 15 years, the General Manager of Mangotv's Happy Sunshine, Zhang Jobo, and the Director of Hunan Watch, Jincheng; at the beginning of 18 years, Hunan Watch announced the upgrading of the producer's team system as a studio system, while “a clear proposal was made to support the studio to take over the Mangotv project and to promote the development of the Hunan Inner Radio station”.
We believe that Hunan Watch and Mangotv are the two main platforms under the Hunan system, and that the development of Mangotv on the Hunan stage is not merely the performance of President Lu Bin, but also the need for the TV station, in the context of the continued seizure of the share of television stations by Internet video channels.
There's no need to worry too much about whether Hunan Watch will suspend the copyright contract with Mangotv after 2020, and President Lu Hwan Bin sums up the core competitiveness of the media.
For: content + technology + user* capital, as mango tv listed in the capital market, the greater possibility for the future is to fully leverage the market presence of mango tv in the capital market, rather than to “shattering” mango tv by 2020 in Hunan. (iv) How to see mango tv's core competitiveness?
Unlike Ai Yo-Teng under the bat flag (the Internet company started with technology as an advantage), the Mango super medium that hatches on the Hunan guard has more than 20 years of experience in the production of art since the 1990s, and the Platoon has sunk the wealth of experience and excellence in its production, so it can be made at a much lower cost than Ai Yoo-Tung.
In addition, Huannan Watch launched a brand-new content innovation mechanism in 2018 -- the Hot Plan: as the most important channel of creative programming in Lake South Watch, it hatches a whole new and high-quality mix of ips, such as "Intimacy", "My Family Kid" and "My Daughter" and so forth, and the excellent system is a constant source of inspiration for the future of Hunan.
Compared to Mangotv, the current phase of Ae-Ue still needs to build up the ability to screen quality content through customization and costly testing costs through external content-making teams, while Mango super-movement can already be systematized and processed to produce excellent content, lead the viewer, and “create a bomb”, which is the core competitiveness that currently distinguishes mango from Ae-Ue-Ue.
In addition, Mangotv relies on Luanan Radio and Television, and the background of the state company is uniquely placed in an ideologically attached industry such as the media: one policy is the greatest uncertainty in the media industry at this stage, while Mangotv relies on Hunan to see political sensitivities even more.
A large web-based mainstream, closely following policy-oriented content) with a lower risk of content review; the background of two state companies also determines that Mangotv does not burn money to attract users, and thus performance growth is more robust.
It may be difficult to determine how the future patterns of competition in the industry will evolve, but it is certain that the three main platforms of Ae-Ue-Team will have to invest a significant amount of learning costs in order to create differences in content, and that the previous period will have to endure a period of loss (as can be seen from the huge costs of Ae-Team control) that will gradually develop the ability to select and control content. Mangotv will undoubtedly have a significant advantage along the path of self-regulation and differentiation.
And the current mangotv innovation, with the best institutional security in the market (scramble plan), is constantly bringing fresh content to the Hunan system, a gap that E-Yo will need to fill with longer hours and large financial costs. Fourthly, looking at the long term: how to see the future growth space of mangotv.
Billion: Keeping in mind the growing capacity of the Mangotv platform to self-manufacturing, which drives robust growth in soft and wide-sourced earnings, measured a total of 16 billion dollars in advertising revenue for five years, while the expected rate of growth in copyright distribution revenue is slowing to 2 billion. Mangotv platform will grow in the future by walking on two legs, with a five-year space of 28 billion.
But we still have a 20-40% net interest rate on content production companies as a whole. Mango hyper-multicultural self-manufacturing and a national fourth-ranked video platform, we roughly estimate that in the future, Mango super-manufactured net interest rates will remain around 20%, with 20xpe valued at 112 billion dollars.
(i) Member income: a measurement of the income space of Mango tv members is about 10 billion Members income = number of monthly users * payment conversion rates *arppu values.  for monthly users: 556 million and 553 million monthly users in June 1919, respectively; and
The increase in the number of active users of the Internet video platform, as can be seen from the same rate of growth in the two active users of the platform over the past six months, has slowed down, and we expect to maintain a 2% annual compound increase in the number of active users of the Aki culture over the next five years, calculated at 620 million in five years.
The percentage of female users of Mangotv is significantly higher than that of other platforms, based on Irey data and user images of the broadcast content. The company currently lives at 120 million in June 19 and we give 10 per cent of monthly live users of Mangotv in the next five years a composite annual increase of 190 million.
For arpu: We believe that the key issue in the current phase of the Internet video platform is the development of user awareness and payment habits, while video platforms attract members through a variety of promotional and diversion activities, leading to a decrease in the value of the single month.
With this reduction, we expect that the arppu value will gradually return to the normal price of a consecutive month, 18 yuan/month. For the fee conversion rate: we measure the space for future payers by using the following idea: the US Current Media Leader, netflix, has spent seven years from 11% of the country's Internet users in 12 years to 23% in 2018.
Time, and the current fee-paying members are still growing at 10% +; we expect that 23% of China's Internet video leader Akichi will be on the Internet by about five years, assuming that over the next five years, China's Internet network will be 100%, and monthly user fees will be 32%. Mangotv's current monthly rate (2019.3) is 12%.
18% below the Aki culture level, but according to our previous analysis: the low rate of payment does not represent a viscous difference between users (in contrast, the latest day in Mango in June 19 was 90min long and far longer than the Aichi culture of 64min), mainly because of the difference in content structure between Mangotv and Aichi culture.
This year, Mangotv's Chamber of Commerce launched the New Mangang Plan, a series of preferential policies that we believe have as much influence as the New Mangang Plan, which has not been able to do with the content of Mango, with a neutral estimate that Mangotv's rate of payment is slightly lower than the rate of Aichi culture at around 25%.
Table 25: The number of paid members and spatial measurements of Naifi vs Aichi vs Mangotv. Figure 31: The amount of income and membership of Mango tv & Aichi members *arpu
(ii) Advertising revenue: $16 billion for measuring future advertising revenue space. Advertising revenue consists of soft and wide income: platform fees, platform traffic being the central determinant of revenue; and soft and wide project fees, quality of content being the central determinant of income.
Rigid income platform total traffic*a* (1-flow vacancy rate) <The vacancy rate is highly relevant to the overall landscape of the advertising industry > * Average unit price *The pricing strategy takes into account the pricing of the same type of video platform, as well as pricing strategies such as short video/electric advertisers > (a represents the advertising rate, a<1; the higher the rate of payment, a lower).
The hard and wide income of the FM platform has been affected, on the one hand, by the decline in the overall advertising industry and, on the other hand, by the impact of new media advertisements, such as short videos (more accurate positioning and higher transformation rates), which have slowed in recent years, and by the projected long-term growth in the future of the Mangotv platform and the reduction in the vacancy rate following the warming of the advertising industry are the main drivers of the growth in hard and wide income.
18 years of mango dau, an average of 55min hours per day, and June 19 dau, an average of 90min hours per day, we expect that Dau will still have about 2.5 times the space for growth and limited space for average daily growth, and that total traffic space will be about 5 times that in 2018: advertising delivery rates will gradually decline with higher rates of payment and are expected to have a hard-wide impact on the entire platform of around 25 per cent and empty.
On balance, assuming that Mangotv earns about 35% of total advertising revenue (about 850 million), there is about 3 billion room to measure the amount of hard revenue. Soft outreach income = total number of open-sourced polysynthetics (currently, the total number of platforms is near saturated, but there is still room for improvement in home-grown rates).
The average single price per advertising post (depending on the influence of the polycrystry itself, e.g., level >a, which averages more than the new one for the N generation, and also on the advertising industry/macroeconomic climate of the year). Currently, the Mangotv platform is home-made/Huannan-Tai purchase/outsourcing each year. The total number of polycrypts is more than 20 each, with limited room for improvement, but with the growing and self-manufacturing skills of the polycrystry team.
As the quality of the homemade content improves, and as the advertising industry improves, both the real offer and the unit price increase will drive the growth of soft and wide incomes. Look at the number of places in the three subsectors of the Hunan Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin, 2019, we use the number of ads in the class S Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xiang Xin Xiang Xin Xiang, 2019, as the number of places in the class Xi Xi Xin Xiang Xin Xin Xiang Xin Xiang.
The ceiling, with the exception of primary advertising and network interaction, has about 11 to 12 ceilings for commercial slots, 7 and 9 for singers and 3-way viewers in the south of the lake, 35 for mangotv in 2019, and 2.7 for single-species.
The fee for sponsorship in addition to the name of the ad is around 300 million, the name of the ad's main bidder, the highest bidder, usually 150 to 250 million, and a small number of top-level polycircle crowns can cost more than 500 million (e.g. 600 million to 500 million singers in gold medals, 2016 & 2017 singers), which together amounts to about 600 to 700 million (Daddy, 2017).
Where's the single offer of 1.5 billion dollars, which is related to the quality of the programme itself and to macroeconomics? According to home-made rates: in 2018, 21 of the 65 mango tv-lines, or about a third of them, we think that as the future mango tv home-made teams grow, the platform will gradually reduce its dependence on Hunan's watch and the number of external purchases of all-round art, and estimate the total share of home-made art after stable form.
Assuming that Mangotv's soft and wide income accounts for about 65 per cent of total advertising revenue (about 1.6 billion US dollars), the 740 million cent of the Hunan Vigil to Mangotv's distribution of the Hunan-Dan-Tai and the small amount of Mango-based offers to the Hunan-Dan-Tai for the purchase of the mixed arts are removed.
tv home-made polyclinics are worth about $800 million. In 2018, the total number of free-line polyclinics was 38. The average number of single-advertisers was estimated at $21 million. For top-level polycrypts, the number of 11 ads and the price of 150 million single-advertisers, we expect six monocrete ads in a stable state and a single-advertiser price of $50 million.
Table 28: Soft Wide Income Space Measurement Table 29: Mango tv, 2018
(iii) Copyright revenue: the projected future rate of growth is expected to level off, with 2 billion space proceeds from copyright distribution determined mainly by two factors: 1. The volume of output of quality content (the more quality content, the more copyrights that can be distributed); 2. Distribution rate (distribution rate, which refers to the actual distribution of content by the platform as a percentage of all distributed content, depending on public interest).
The Division's own copyright strategy, as copyright distribution generates distribution revenue while diverting a portion of its membership and flows, has a negative impact on the platform's fee rates and the expansion of the platform's size in the short term. We expect that companies will use more of their own content for exclusive broadcasting to develop pay users and increase the platform's influence, and therefore the future growth is expected to be smooth, with the year 2018 being the year of the public.
The Department receives $1.43 billion in copyright distribution, and we give copyright distribution about $2 billion in space. Fifth, in the short and medium term: how do we see the current valuation levels of mangoes?
In the short term: the Mango supermodernist achieved happy sunshine/circumstance/Mango Recreation/Mango Recreational five subsidiaries in 2018, with five companies committing a total net profit of 1,094 million and 1,495 million, respectively, from 2019 to 2020. The company's revenue and profits from retail media operations fell sharply in 18 years, and the profits from the plate were lost. We believe that the company's balance on the media retail section was lost.
The restructuring and transformation will help the retail section of the media to break down, but due to the overall decline in the television shopping industry, the projections are conservative. Table 31: Performance commitments of the five Mango M&As. Table 32: Disaggregated costs of Mango excess revenue
Medium- and long-term: Mango ultra-media operations are divided into new media content operations (mangotv members and advertising revenue plus operator business) + interactive entertainment content production (content operation + film and film investment) + three media retail sections, which, after restructuring by the nature of the business, divide mango-media operations into mangotv (advertisement + membership + copyright distribution), operator operations (iptv +ott+ move)
We use the sotp branch valuation method, 1 for mango tv: The Mango tv platform (advertisement + membership + copyright distribution) is expected to collect $6,404.4 billion/10.34 billion in 2021, the mainstream video platform valuation method is ps, the latest ttm is 3.1x, and the historical average is 4-5x.
In 2019, Bloomberg unanimously anticipated a revenue of 30.510 billion and ps-2019e of 2.8x; netflix is currently ps8x. We believe that mango tv's ability to create genes along the 20-plus-year-old high-quality polymechanical content of the Lake South Guard is more efficient in its current operation and to turn the harvest into a profit than Aichi, which still requires a lot of content rights to be purchased to attract user fees, profits, and profits.
The self-promotion of the content of the Gotv mix has been continuously validated and future profits are more certain; at the same time, Mangotv, who relies on the national television station in Hunan, on the one hand, does not burn money in large amounts, but, on the other hand, in the current policy context, the state has a background that guarantees the lower risks and more robust performance of Mangotv.
One hundred and fifty-one billion and one hundred and fifty-eight billion dollars, based on the profitability of comparable shares of new media companies (25 to about 30 per cent) and the valuation of 19e (31x), we conservatively estimate a 19-year profit margin of 25 per cent for Mango super-media operators, with a 19-year 30x valuation, corresponding to a market value of 9 billion dollars for operators.3 For media retailing: the net profit from corporate retailing in 2018 was lost for the first time.
We believe that, as the company restructures its media retail sections in the future, the retailing of the media will gradually turn out to be a loss, but since the annual revenues are 1.818 billion dollars, one xps are valued for 19 years, the value of the happy purchase will be around 2 billion dollars. 4 Other sub-firms: Mango Recreation/Mango Recreation/Mango Films, the sum of their gambling performances in 2019 and 2020.
180 million/200 million, respectively, based on the current average valuation level of video-making companies, which is estimated at about 3 billion dollars for 19 years for four companies. In sum, 49.2 million dollars in market value were given to mango excess media in 2019. Mangotv, an industry-wide chain video platform with a scarce content plus channel plus license plate, is owned by Hunan Watch.
Natural endowments, currently at historically low stock prices, maintain a “recommended” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.