"Why Autoelectronics First Electronics" -- bottom-of-the-mode capability based on which the road to the auto industry is opened. Investment rating: Increase in holdings (first time)
• Bottom-making advantage supports the continued growth of sophisticated manufacturing poles, which are based on solid bottom-manufacturing capabilities and “dividual” advantages: modularization, automation, al scenery, intelligence, sustained on the three main lines of business: consumer electronics, auto-electronics, communications
To complete product expansion, client breakthroughs and efficiency gains, and companies’ sophisticated manufacturing capabilities have taken shape. Looking ahead, the start-up will take advantage of growth and scale, depending on large clients, and will gradually develop into a global engine of auto parts and components, a manufacturing platform for many downstream industries.
• Continued improvement in the layout of the second-growth curve automobile business, with unlimited growth potential.
In a new-generation automobile electrical and electronic structure, the company's current product matrix covers domain controllers, millimetre-wave radars, laser radars, etc.:
The power domain covers ccs, chargers, pdu, bdu, obu, dcdc, mcu, high voltage relays, etc.: ar-hud, multiple screens, combined switches, Ether gateways, compartment controllers, etc. The company’s product lines and customer’s overall layout allow the company to break through the consumer electronic transmission.
• Continuous reuse and diffusion of technical capabilities in consumer electronics and communications operations.
In the future, the company will build on the plant experience and technology accumulated in the process and gradually develop into an enabling role in the supply chain. The PV/EC products and solutions will continuously refine the product matrix, reduce the effects, and gradually revert to the new industrial product area.
The consumer electronics business market has deteriorated; the automobile electronics business has developed less than expected 1 company profile: the domestic congenial manufacturing of integrated solutions; the confluence of sophisticated manufacturing solutions across consumption, communications and automobiles; and the establishment of sophisticated communications in 2004
Yearly, efforts are being made to provide clients with smart core parts, modules, system-level assembly solutions. Currently, the company’s main downstream applications cover consumer electronics, communications, cars, etc. In consumer electronics, companies start from computer connectors and continue to expand their operations to radio frequency, cable, etc.
In the area of automobiles, based on the accumulation of electron cable and connector precision, the company focuses on energy.
The company has become a fully integrated supplier for design, validation, manufacture and assembly of low voltage, high voltage, whole wires, special beams and charge guns, and has developed all the connections in the vehicle, including low-voltage, high-voltage, high-speed connector products.
Motor power systems, car connections, and smart cabins. In 2022, the company, together with Chirre, formed a new energy car odm joint venture, which will focus on the layout of car products based on multi-year industrial accumulation and odm management capabilities in consumer electronics.
In the area of communications, based on high-speed, high-class, high-capacity and low-capacity trends in interconnectivity driven by 5g, big data and autopilot technologies, the company will base its operations on the product base of the original electrical connection (high-speed power connectors and cable), light connection (aoc and light modules), radio frequency communication (base station antennas, base station filters, tower magnifiers, etc.)
Blocks were extended to heat management (thermal tubes, axle stream fans, etc.) and industrial connection product series, and active deployment of server wholes and parts assembly areas gradually became integrated solutions providers for data communications multi-goods. 1.2 Core bottom-level capabilities
A firm bottom-level capability that creates a “dividual” advantage: a firm bottom-level technical capability in light, sound, electricity, magnetism, heat, radio frequency, welding, smt, machine-processing IX, and four main advantages in modelling, automating, ai-scenario, and intelligence.
Moduleization has significantly increased the use of materials and reduced processing time, such as the extensive use of titanium metal, which has led to the replacement of traditional machine-processing models with 3d, which has increased the use of materials from 20 per cent to 60 per cent and reduced processing time by 50 per cent.
Bit glue systems, welding systems, and life-cycle Quality Retrometry systems. The technological results of these improvements will result in an i-situation that will enhance back-end restoration efficiency, such as the selection of optical modules using the new aiaoi device, the simultaneous detection of product angles, feature sizes and the control of the end of 10 seconds through multi-luminescent combinations.
As a result, all data are tracked backstage after detection. The intelligent depth enabling products are developed and applied across borders, e.g. in the process of developing the wireless charge from micro-, medium-, high-power to super-power, exploiting the potential of auto-charge scenes through the company itself.
Accumulation of high power wireless charging technologies, coupled with intelligent application of cost differentials in the wave-peak valley, eventually leading to savings in electricity consumption costs and solutions for mileage anxiety, and application of deep-energy electric car charging programmes.
“Tourization” advantage builds quality product power, ultimately enabling ecology: based on four main advantages that can significantly improve good rates, output, efficiency, material utilization and reduce costs, companies create a product matrix of high reliability, high quality, light quantification, extending the breadth and depth of products from a single product through cross-border technical reuse and multi-producer excavations with industry
The product applications were upgraded to scenery and eventually internationalized development strategies were put in place to enable eco-building.2 Consumer e-business: from the income growth pillar to industrial chain empowerment: 2.1 customer strategy drives the history of high consumer e-growth.
Consumer electronics is an important support for the growth of corporate revenue: consumer electronics revenues increased significantly in 2018/19/20/21, respectively. Reliance on large customers, and the share of large customers in sales is rising: companies cut electronics through acquisitions in 2011
The apple supply chain, followed by advanced manufacturing capabilities and continuous M&As, expands its share in the apple supply chain. By acquiring a solar computer, it completes a short plate of metal structures, laying a solid foundation for the company’s iPhone assembly.
The vision of an industrial chain that sustains the growth of corporate income as a whole and the growth of consumer electronics as a result of the first largest customer in figure 7
Second, in the post-epidemiological era, the return of overseas talent brings technology and creative ideas that require corporate empowerment. Third, with corporate supply-chain advantages, domestic talent moves internationally to supply-chain resources that require corporate empowerment.
The demand for upgrading is bound to be accompanied by the upgrading of the original small supply chain, with companies providing a life-cycle package of services for their products.
3 Automobile operations: Key Second Growth Curve 3.1 Rolling auto business development history and product layout Ten years of auto business: top 10 connectors worldwide have nine car connectors, so companies
In 2011, the company set up the Automotive Department, which is an in-house extension supplier. In 2013, the company acquired power-based photovoltaics to cut into the whole line-string business. After years of integration, the second half of 16 years of power-based light-loading came to a turning point, leading to a client breakthrough.
In 2022, the controlling shareholders entered Chirí, and the company joined Chirí in the formation of a new energy car odm joint venture, with a focus on powertier1. The company’s ten-year deep-drawn layout in the automotive sector provides a solid basis for further expansion.
Cars have a rich matrix of products and close client coordination: the company’s products cover multiple areas of the vehicle. The whole thing is connected, mainly with wires and connectors. Smart driving is mainly done with adas/intellectual driving domain controls, millimetre wave radars, intense light radars. In power systems, the company’s products are mainly related to ccs, charge guns, high voltage distribution units (pdu), etc.
Battery bag breakout units (bdu), car-borne electronic tags (obu), dcdc, high voltage relays, mcu, etc. In the smart cabin area, corporate products are mainly concerned with enhancing real-world displays (ar-hud), multiple screens, combined switches, smart access, airspace control, Ether gateways, etc.
On the client side, companies are more closely associated with new and emerging manufacturers, with three major new players being the most central of the emerging producers. Traditional customers include some of the international best firms, and companies are now working with bcs on a volume-based project.
3.2 Car wire beams: A new opportunity from the evolution of car architecture Car beams are labour-intensive high-tech products: car beams are primarily responsible for the power and signal associated with the entire vehicle.
There are a lot of spare parts, about 800 to 1,000 of which are highly specialized. The whole wire beam is closely related to all electrical appliances, and any change in the electronics and electronics of the entire car will result in a change in the wire beam, resulting in a fast-changing engineering change. Thus, the wire beam is a highly labour-intensive high-tech process.
Technology products, on the one hand, require the orderly, high-quality and efficient assembly of nearly 1,000 parts and components, while meeting the safety and performance requirements of the vehicle throughout its life cycle. Electronic electrical structures evolve to reduce the length of wire beams, while the demand for new ones upgrades the value of line beams.
Upgrading: the first generation of electrical and electronic structures, distributed electronic structures, with each ecu having a separate function, the decentralized layout of independent ecu has led to an increase in the length of wire beams, which are about 3 km long. The current evolution from distributed electronic structures to a second-generation centralized electronic and electrical structure, the original
The third generation of architecture supercomputer control and electronic control uses a small number of high-performance computer units instead of decentralized ecu, moving the functions to be achieved through software into larger modules, thereby increasing the collection.
While the length of the beams has been significantly reduced, the demand for high-pressure, high-speed cables in new energy vehicles, such as high-pressure wires, which are more complex because of their processing processes, require more insulation, shielding, and higher unit and Maori levels.
According to vwire, the value of new-energy car beams is on average $5,000 left right, with high-pressure beam systems worth about $2,500, while traditional passenger beams vary according to the type of vehicle, with single-car values ranging from $2,500 to $3500 and $4,500.
The traditional architecture of figure 11 is complex, the market for car wires is vast, and the national production alternative space is large: the market space for car wires has expanded with the intelligentization of the whole car, the evolution of electric motorization and the increased penetration of new energy vehicles. It is expected that the domestic car line will be deactivated in 2022.
Foreign capital and joint ventures have long held much of China’s market share, and there is a larger national alternative. The company’s linear products strategy focuses on complete solutions plus short-term development cycles, and is expected to occupy a larger national alternative: the company’s product lines on the car’s beams are prepared to cover low-pressure beams, high-pressure beams, special wires, charge guns, etc.
At the same time, the whole design cycle has been reduced from 24 months to 12 months, and the company has developed a creative development model that reduces the design cycle of the beams to 12 months. For the right product strategy, the company’s product advantage is mainly in the development of agile high speed, deep access, intelligent sharing, intelligent manufacturing ffc, and innovative techniques.
Figure 15 ffc design advantages and disadvantages 3.3 car connectors: collection time benefits people, target hits top five globally.
The market for car connectors is large, and the industry is more concentrated: the number of car connectors is large, the unit price is low, the skill content is high, and the money is labour intensive. The global market for connectors is about $78 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach $100 billion in 2025.
According to market patterns, the global market for car connectors is 40% of Thai cities and 15% of Ambofo and Yasaki. The fourth is only 4%, and the head enterprise is still highly concentrated in the process of mergers and acquisitions.
The size of the car connection market is about $40 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach $100 billion in 2030. In terms of domestic competition patterns, several foreign brands, Teco, Ambofo, Afino, Morse, Rosenberg, account for more than 95% of the cars in use and more than 85% of the commercial cars, with a wide national alternative.
Figure 172021: Global Connector Market Subsector Proportion of Global Connector Markets Figure 182021: Global Connector Markets Size of Global Connector Markets Figure 192021/2025e
Chart 202021/2025e/2030e, the size of China’s connection market, provides six major advantages: the company has the prerequisites to enter a car connection: the domestic company cuts into a car connection, depending on three factors.
The technological revolution in the car brings with it the right moment: the benefits of the land, the growing power of China’s autonomous branding: people and, foreign goods, the strategy of maintaining high profit margins for Chinese enterprises, where connectors are more profitable than other parts, and where the real profitability of Chinese enterprises is higher than the global level.
Companies have a clear advantage in entering the area of car connectors in terms of manufacturing levels, technological reserves, management experience, channel accumulation, product strategy, brand influence, etc.: at the level of manufacturing, firms have a global lead in sophisticated manufacturing competitiveness.
In addition to the fact that the company's car connectors have been accumulated for more than 10 years in the field of research and development and manufacturing, there is a certain customer base. From management experience, the company is a company that has been under the management of the modern enterprise system and has been hammered for many years by first-class international customers.
Modern enterprises, with their unique and well-developed odm operating management experience, have created a joint venture of Tier1 to lay the groundwork for the automobile business. From the cumulative point of view, the company is directly involved in the auto oem and tier1 business, facilitating the import of connectors, and the gradual global layout of the car business, which helps to import the connector into the foreign automobile brand.
In terms of product strategy, the company has a logical rationale for the market for advance car connectors and a financial capacity to enter the market for car connectors with determination and long-term sustained investment, after more than 10 years of experience in the area of car connectors, a clear and objective understanding of the industry, and the company's focus on the full range of electric connection solutions for automobiles over time.
The move will reflect the advantages of integration and competitiveness. In terms of branding influence, companies ranked fourth in the ranking of their global bishop connectors in 2020 and 2021, providing a good branding resource for the development of car connections, and the company’s big platform will also help attract more talent.
Looking to the future, the company sets out the vision of the first five cars connectors entering the world in 2030: the current company connector product is the fourth largest in the world, the largest in the country, but mainly the consumer electronic connector, and the car connector is not yet in the top ten. The company ' s car connector product consists mainly of Luxpower, Luxlv, and Luxlv low-pressure companies.
Connectors, Luxcoax coax connectors, Luxnet Ether Connectors, Luxmlb Machine Integrated Structures and Busbar, Luxusbusb Connectors. The company wants to build a brand of Chinese car connectors that is highly competitive globally and that will enter the top five globally in 2030.
3% or more of the world’s cities). 3.4 Smart cabins: multiple blooms of product lines, product line layouts covering smart compartments and perimeter and body control areas: technical node of corporate domain controller products
Between the first generation and the second generation of electronics and electrical structures. The product covers intelligent compartments (domain controllers, interior display screens, modules, liquid crystal meters, tft liquid crystal switches), the perimeter of the smart cabin (w-hud, ar-hud, double layerar-hud, passenger control system oms for visual processing), the body of the vehicle (power separation module for power management, png,
Smart fuse box sjb, wireless charge wpc, digital key: body control module bcm, body control bdcs, body domain control vgm, regional controller zcu.
With 23 million passenger cars calculated, the size of the domestic smart space controller market was approximately $29.4 billion, and the first generation of airspace control was initiated by some companies around the world in 2019, dominated by the nxp mx series; with the emergence of domestic production needs and low-cost airspace control needs, the company undertook a class domain control development based on the mtk Yellow Mountain series.
2020: Hightower 8155 has just begun, with only a few international giants, the World Wide Web, studying the product, and companies have started to develop it, and in 2022 they have made a bulk of it, and several clients have started to use it. Research and development in the company now focuses on the intelligent airspace control of the next generation of 8295 platforms and the next generation of Xpc ' s central computing units.
Chart 25 Smart Airspace controller development course nxp Airspace Control 28nm, support 3 screens, support 5camera, double screen interaction, voice interaction
Cube platform, home-grown smart seat, 28nm, 3 screens, 6camera, 3 screens, interactive voice, adult face recognition, dms.
Mtk Yellow Mountain Smart Classes 14nm, support 2-4 screens, 8 cameras, 4g module, integrated tbox, multiscreen interactions
7nm, support 3-4 screens, 8 cameras, integrated 4gtbox, qnxhyperviser, 88kdmps, high power links to the platform
5 nm, 5 g module, cpu strength 200k, npu strength 30 tops, gpu3tflops, support 3 4k screens, integrated avm, high larhud central computing unit xpc
Figure 26 China and global intelligent cabin penetration
Lead: The global ar-hud market is about 21.6 billion yuan based on 32% Hud penetration in 2025 and 12%ar penetration, with China accounting for 30-40% of the market share. The company’s head-up shows that the main products are w-types, enhanced physicality, and double ar-hud.
W-w, the key information for vehicles, such as speed alerts on the w-near view, shows a vision for map guidance. The company ' s overall size of double-storey ar-hud can now be smaller than 12 layers, with technology far ahead of the country. Carboard screen: about $12.8 billion in global market share for 25 years, with huge market space.
In 2022, the screen market reached $8.5 billion, and in 2025 it will reach $12.8 billion, with huge market space. In combination with its own consumption of electronic display technology and new technological technologies, the Division has a product layout covering 1.7-10.25 inches of small screens, two-screen 12.3 products, flexible screens, and miniled backlight technology vehicle screens.
Chart 28 shows the size of the global screen market Intra-car perception and ai technology: in addition to the above applications, companies develop advanced in-car sensing and ai technology. For example, driving behaviour, or a combination of voice algorithms and visual algorithms, creates a multi-model interactive cvbox that can be clearly distinguished.
Instructions from drivers, co-pilots, or back row passengers. Diagram 29 Perceptions and ai technological development path 3.5 Smart driving: from perception systems and computing unit products to future software algorithms
Corporate positioning: leading perception system and computing unit system providers. In the field of smart driving, positioning is a leading perception system and computing unit system provider, providing not only products, but also more system-based solutions. Companies have four core advantages in intelligent driving. First, talent and supply.
The chain is complete. Second, the technology at the bottom is vertically integrated with cross-cutting integration capabilities (optics, radio frequency, radiator, radiator, connector, smt, cip, semiconductor, intelligent manufacturing capability, technology support that integrates the use to complete cost control and calculation units). Third, the customer resource advantage. Fourth, the ecological partner wins the foundation.
The future share of products, software algorithms as a relatively independent part will grow. Visual systems: Smart One Machine, Line One plus Beave are now in production. The current base system of 122 has at least 40% assembly, plus 10% of Line 2+ Beave is the fastest growing.
Laser radar: in collaboration with Quickning, the current production of 8 million pixel high-precision cameras has been achieved: the current level of production has been achieved.
High-value ratio system (Voice master control module): the mobilieye system was the world's mainstream program, the company worked with the horizon for the first two years to complete the basic function of a camera last year.
Long-range millimetre wave radar: the most difficult direction of radar, where corporate parameters can be matched by international large-scale plants, with 110-120 metres of monitoring and competitive costs * 4d mm wave radar: in the development process, the main advantages are, first, to be derived from millimetres of long-range mines.
The range of detection ranges expanded to 300 metres; second, the range of detections was raised from 90 degrees to 120 degrees (a perfect 8-m high accuracy camera); third, the resolution of the location reached about one point (a criterion for determining whether or not high precision radars are available); and fourth, the number of detection sites was higher than the long range radars already produced.
High 4-8 times; fifthly, information processing uses machine learning algorithms that can be embedded into the field by software Efficient computing units: in the development process, self-researched perception systems can be used, or master plant programmes can be used to support cars and parking. And low costs make less than 150,000 conventional vehicles available.
Arithmetic platform: with one or more socs, arithmetic scalability, 100-500tops supports highways and urban autopilots. Corporate capabilities cover system architecture, hardware principles, simulation tests, system integration.
(a) Challenging: Pcie plate products at the end of the layout and cloud, data closed at the mainframe plant, chart 312025, visual system fit ratio, chart 302022
l2+(noa, moor-body) l2+(noa, moor as one) l2 Basic system
l2 Basic System 4 Communications Operations: Core Elements and System Products Double Engine Driver 4.1 Communications Operations Development Planning and Core Competitiveness Summary
Communications operations are mainly based on the Telecommunications Technology subsidiary, the core components of the product layout and the dual-engine driver of the system's products: telecommunication equipment, such as operating base stations antennas, filters, and interconnected products, such as connectors, connectors, light modules, etc. The company is based on core components and components, relying on the Jdm&odm product of the whole system.
The core components consist mainly of electrical connection products, light connection products, thermal management products, industrial module products, communications module products. System products consist mainly of computing products, network products, communications products, industrial products.
The company has entered or developed planned product lines, which cover more than 50 per cent of its product lines and customer qualifications.
In the second five years, the sector is planned to expand horizontally. In the third five years, it will move from the original parts of the original or the whole machine to a complete solution.
Four core competitivenesss support robust growth in communications. The four core competitivenesss of companies in communications are reflected in, first, lower-level technology, company-owned laboratories built through applied research on materials technology, research on product origin and imitation technology, technological research on process and advanced equipment, and research on testing and testing technology.
Second, standards and papers. Companies accumulated a large amount of technology banks and technical papers, and for the sixth consecutive year they published papers on the top platform of the global high-speed connectivity. Third, they created a brand called "Top", working with downstream chip companies and horizontal friends. Fourth, companies were core members of associations, industry and standards organizations, participating in industry standards.
4.2 Electricity-connected products: depth and breadth 2D extension. In depth, companies will continue to deep-plough one-line customers while expanding more separate markets for two-and-three-line customers, with the advantage of flexibility and efficiency. In breadth, companies will accelerate their efforts through high-speed interconnection branding.
The speed of expansion of his product class and the creation of a more complete solution to the electrical connection product. The electricity connection product is expected to reach 46.4 billion yuan in 2023 and 72.8 billion yuan in 2027. 4.3 light connection products: deep-deep bandwidth and silicon light, and increased optical sense.
Companies will continue to deep-plough high bandwidth and silicon light products, sustain inputs into technology and optical appliances, and build a more complete capacity for integrated competitiveness. By building up technology in the optical communications sector, the energy of optically transmitted products will be expanded to such industries as consumer electronics and industrial scenes.
The size of the site reached 68 billion yuan and $108.8 billion in 2027.
The most complete product solution, such as a small base station system. The technology of tactiles continues to be developed in terms of product principles, processes, materials, and measurements.
Full automatic transfer from the system to change the condition of the filter product industry, which has been subject to manual monitoring for many years, has significantly increased efficiency by 4.5 industrial products: technical reuse and extension; reuse of communications industry accumulation; extension to energy, railing, industrial automation.
The accumulation of goods in the telecommunications sector has expanded to the industrial sector, starting with electricity-connected products. The industrial sector has a number of industrial scenes, a variety of products, and is based on telecommunications technology. It has invested in the creation of machine and software products in the fields of energy, railing, industrial automation.
The consumer e-business market has deteriorated: the electronic car business has developed less than expected, using legally compliant information, producing the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are derived from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.