On 19 February 2023, the connector began to build a sophisticated manufacturing platform.
\triangleright has developed over the last two decades and now forms three major business platforms for consumer electronics, automobiles, and communications. Vertical + horizontal: Companies actively promote vertical integration of the industrial chain into a full-scale layout of "part parts-modules-systems"; and, at the same time,
Reuse sophisticated manufacturing capabilities horizontally to automobiles and communications operations to achieve platform expansion; outreach + endogenous: companies continuously expand their product R & D and product classes through extended M & A + endogenous R & D, taking full advantage of vertical integration and building intelligent manufacturing bases.
In the interim, the company relies on large clients to achieve robust performance growth, and in the future it will focus on deploying “three five-years” in strategic ways to achieve the global drive for auto parts and components. The “divide trend” will bring about a decade of electronic car gold, creating an aggressive growth track within the communications.
\triangleright Electrodynamic, intelligent, network-connected, shared, "dividual" trends, car-to-smart terminals, car-to-electronic developments are approaching a golden decade. Electrodynamic: New-energy auto-dynamic trends are generating high-pressure and high-speed connections.
The value of the s010521120004 connector has increased to $3,000-4500. The company's deep-deep wire and connector collars have formed a complete set of low-pressure, high-pressure whole-line, special-line beams and charge guns.
Intelligent: the company actively works on the extension of the intelligent domain, the layout of the smart network, the intelligent driving/control, and the solution of v2x. Outgoing layout: the company coordinates integration + external cooperation through the group ' s depth of automobile operations, the layout of laser radar, smart cabins, vehicle-borne optical, etc.
(a) Strategic cooperation with Chirí in the manufacture of vehicles; (b) acquisition of bcs in the field of power intelligence; (c) strategic collaboration with Rapid Gathering to achieve deep synergy around laser radars; (d) development of a model for innovative vehicle-borne cameras under the flag, in the field of optics in military vehicles, in cooperation with the leading electronics.
Since 2020, the global economy has been affected by the impact of the epidemic, and smart machine sales data have fluctuated. But iPhone sales have been more robust than global sales of smart machines have been, with a steady increase in high-end shares.
Over the past 10 or so years, the company has been focusing on parts plus modules, which, in addition to the connectors, have been expanding through fpc, wireless charging, etc.
On the one hand, the virtual reality industry leads to the future development of consumer electronics, with companies working closely with apples in the whole assembly of machines, sophisticated zero components, modules, etc., while at the same time setting up an innovative acquisition of high-end electronics under the company's flag as the main supplier of iPhone's front lens.
The product is expected to be released in 23q2 and the company is expected to move into the supply chain to boost performance growth. It is expected to benefit from the growth in performance brought about by the consumption of electronic stock and the incremental growth of automobile operations, covering for the first time with a 1-growth round: advanced farming, platform-like taps.
In the past decade or so, companies have been expanding their capabilities, building sophisticated manufacturing platforms and taking a leading role in the development of the electronics industry.
1.1 Vertical + horizontal: Extension of product layouts 1.1.1 Vertical-vertical integration advantages, full-scale layout of intelligent terminals Vertical development to achieve vertical integration of “part parts-module-systems”. Companies as consumer electron precision.
'The industry leads, in keeping with the changes in the market, to continue deep farming, starting with the connector, continuously grinding the core manufacturing arts, expanding the radio frequency, cable, and institutional set-up track, and cutting into acoustics, antennas, wireless chargers, and motors in the field of modelling.
Swing vertical integration advantages, with a comprehensive layout of smart end products in the design of mechanisms. A vertical integration of industrial chains and full-scale layout of "part parts-modules-systems" has been developed to provide a vertical integration advantage to clients with a system solution of 1.1.2 horizontal - precision manufacturing capacity reuses, and automobiles-to-communications are fully developed.
Accumulation of consumer electron depths, re-use of precision manufacturing capabilities to automobile + communications, deep accumulation of companies in the field of consumer electron precision, major processes including precision mold design and processing, intelligent automation design and reality, cnc, smt, sip, pressurization, formation, plating, conductor extraction, nudity, etc.
Artistic capabilities, capable of fully synergizing research and development, quality, business and customer resources with automobiles and communications, help companies to quickly extend the layout of their operations and land their products. In automobile operations, companies focus on vehicle “neural networks” and “irritated veins” and rely on strong power.
Precision manufacturing capabilities and experience have become a comprehensive supplier for designing, authenticating, manufacturing, etc. with complete low-pressure, high-pressure whole-line beams, special beams, and charge guns, while the company has also designed and developed product lines covering all the connectors in the entire vehicle. In addition, in the light of the trend towards car intelligence, the company has actively placed itself into smart power.
In the area of motor vehicles, there are multiple product coverages in the fields of smart networks, smart cockpit, and smart manufacturing. In February 2022, the company established a joint venture with Chirí, and the future Tier1 business became a priority for the company.
With regard to communications, companies have expanded their product categories around 5g, big data trends, and existing products cover a range of products such as electrical connection, light connection, radio frequency communication, thermal management and industrial connection. With industry, vertical integration and cutting-edge technology accumulation, companies will gradually evolve into multi-problem solutions for data and communications.
Figure 3: Type of corporate communications business product 1.2 + outreach: achieving high-speed growth of the company
Thus, through extended M & As, companies continue to enter and expand their product sectors and customer resources to consume electronics, automobiles and communications, and have achieved growth through strong M & As integration capabilities. In addition to M & As, companies are re-engaging and rely on their own and the sophisticated manufacturing capabilities accumulated by M & As.
By the logic of the development of advanced M&A + endogenous research and development, the company has now developed a complete consumer electronics class, a continuous expansion in the area of automobiles, a stable product layout in the area of communications, and is expected to capture the development of smart terminals, "divide" and 5g big data in the future.
1) In consumer electronics, endogenous R & D, firm precision, complete layout from spare parts, modules, to systems, product lines covering all areas of mobile phones, wearables, pc, etc.
In 2010, the Division acquired Jiang Si Bo Sook to open the gate operation; in 2011, the Kunshan alliance acquired the Applepc and ipad connection operation; in 2014, the Ton Island, Suzhou, was acquired into the area of wearing equipment and smart homes; in 2016, the Investment Control Department acquired the Apple Sound Component supply; and in 2018, the major shareholders acquired the photo-polyccccm.
The Ministry of Enterprise, which opened up mobile phone and pc camera modules, acquired Jiangsu and Kunshan in 2020, and the company recognized most of the investment earnings and entered the Apple machine as replacements, and acquired a solar computer in 2021, the Apple Topmodule proxy and the Apple and other customers' metal-structured units.
Figure 5: Extension of the company ' s consumer electronics category 2) Automobile business, where the company began to lay car wires in 2008, acquired power optics in 2012 and moved into auto electronics; acquired German suk in 2013 and entered auto parts in 2018
Shareholders acquired the Enterprise for Automobile Control and joined the company to enter the smart car field; co-authored in 2021, co-researching car laser radar; and formed a joint venture with Chirí in 2022 to speed up company tier1 operations.
3) Communications business: In 2012, companies acquired the Koltun Industries, moved into the communications market, and in 2021, acquisition brought together technology to help companies improve the layout of their communications business products.
1.3.1 Right now, consumer electronics are the best, relying on robust growth in the performance of large customers, consumer electronics is the most important growth pole for companies. In terms of the composition of corporate revenue, it benefits from the stability of large customer operations, expansion and growing enrichment in the area of corporate products, where consumption is the most important growth pole for companies in 2021.
Companies depend on large customers for their high historical performance. Companies have grown rapidly over the past decade, relying on a chain of access to large customers, and the growth rate is highly correlated with the growth in large customers’ sales.
Overall, as a result of the high concentration of company clients, the continuous deepening of the industrial chain for large clients has helped the company achieve high performance growth over the past 10 years.
Figure 8: Corporate sales and revenue growth (millions of dollars) “three five-year” deployment strategy shift, with autotier1 becoming a medium- and long-term target. Due to the relative weakness of consumer electronics demand and the risk of excessive concentration of customers, while actively embracing communications and automobile operations
New growth points, three five-year strategic deployments are well planned, with the first five years where the focus of the company is still on consumer electronics, while actively planning for communications and motor block development; the second five years where the communications and automobile areas will make a better contribution outside consumer electronics markets; and the third five years in which corporate targets have evolved into global steam.
In 2021, the sophisticated automobile business was sold at $637 million, up from +45.68%, which is higher than the other 20 international mainstream parts. However, there is still much room for growth in the volume of corporate car operations than in the long run, relying on three five-year strategic deployments, and the market share is expected to gain.
2 Automobile business: A vast electronics market, company insider + excavated gold-digging track 2.1 Quadrified trend leading to gold for 10 years, car electronics for the future.
With the shift in the demand for cars from simple step-by-step tools to “interconnected tools on wheels”, the definition of cars is changing, starting with traditional manufacturing into technology. Automobile electricization, intelligence, networking, and sharing are accelerating, with cars actively “divide” the value of automobiles.
The volume is increasing, and its share in the overall cost of the vehicle will continue to rise, with automobiles and electronics entering a vast development void; while, under a “dividing” trend, the automobile industry supply chain shifts to a diversified web-based ecology, platform-based enterprises will become the mainstream model of development.
In the process of moving cars to smart terminals, the golden decade of electricization is approaching 1. The penetration rate of new energy vehicles is increasing. According to data from the China-China Association and the Federation, the global volume of new energy vehicles was 6.74 million in 2021, with a penetration rate of 8 per cent; the domestic trend is more visible.
In 2021, 3.52 million vehicles were sold, with a penetration rate of 13 per cent. 2) In terms of intelligence, autopilots and smart cabins have been completely upgraded, and the penetration rate of smart cars has been increasing at a rate of 1.2 and above. According to the data from the Automotive House, in 2021 the country sold 4.45 million smart cars at a rate of 20.7 per cent of total vehicle sales.
By 2025, more than 11.5 million smart cars will be sold, with a penetration rate of over 45%. 3) In terms of network connectivity, as intelligence is further developed, smart network cars will gradually become mainstream. With the advantage of safety, compatibility and high broadband, Car-based Ethernet is expected to become the backbone of a vehicle-borne network, making it a high-speed total.
In terms of sharing, as autopilot technology matures, it will be shared or will become the dominant business model for the development of new energy vehicles.
Figure 11: Changes in the supply structure of the industrial chain in China ' s automobiles, l2 and above in 2018-2025, with the new Tier1 on stage 2.2.1 entire electronic structure of the car moving from distributed to centralized
As cars "divid" develop, the electronic architecture of cars evolves in a centralized fashion. The traditional electronic architecture uses a compartmentalized formula, divided into different modules based on motor functions, such as power aggregation, information entertainment, chassis and car body. As the trend towards car "dividance" evolves, the distributed formula modules are too many and less manageable.
The electronic architecture of cars is becoming more and more centralized. The system combs the car's ee architecture, the most classic of which is Bosch's five-area programme: power (powertrain), chasis, body (body), cabin (infotainment), autopilot (adas).
The traditional car industry is following a strict business model of “tier3-tier2-tier1-oem,” but as the supply chain shifts to flat and diversified web-based ecology, the voice of the traditional Tier1 is weakened and electronic companies are weakened.
The opportunity to quickly cut into the car supply chain became the new tier1+oem=odm tier1: 1) missing core: by the end of 2020, the price of the missing core became the main melody in the semiconductor industry, and multiple cars stopped production due to the cracking of the cliff.
Actively involved in financing the chip industry. Investments in industrial capital, such as the Volkswagen North, for example. 2) Smart targets: in traditional business, the Tier1 delivery package is a “black box” packaged for hardware and software, with limited upstream participation of the entire car factory. In the trend of intelligence, the traditional whole car factory is active in upstream core technology.
The entire supply chain has further flattened the network. For example, a software developer, diconium, was acquired by the general public in 2020, and the “diigitalcar & service” department was set up to build its own smart cabin platform.
2.3 Electrodynamicity: The 800v platform has become a trend, with wire beam connectors picking up their prices at a very high price. 2.3.1 The wave of electric motorization, the introduction of new energy vehicles into high-pressure platforms, and the sustained performance of the new energy market in 2022. Since 2021, China ' s new energy engine has been growing.
The car industry is experiencing a blow-out growth, with new energy vehicles selling 3,521,000 vehicles in 2021, corresponding to a 157 per cent increase and one of the world ' s top seven consecutive years; in 2022, new energy vehicles were sold at 6.887,000 vehicles, an increase of 93.4 per cent, a rise of 93.4 per cent.
In the case of conventional cars, new energy vehicles are imported into high-voltage platforms. The conventional fuel motor power structure consists of engine + variable speed boxes, with electrical structures typically based on low-voltage platforms, with voltage usually in 12v, 24v, or 48v, and powering the electric equipment on the vehicle using electric bottles. In the case of new energy vehicles, because of the "three power" -- electricity.
Machines, batteries and electrical controls -- replacing the traditional engine gear tanks, so the new energy car electrical system is made up of high-voltage electrical systems in addition to low-voltage electrical systems, with pure electric car voltage usually around 400v, while the next 800v platform becomes the next phase of priority layout for major manufacturers.
2.3.2 Optimization of the charge speed and the anxiety of the continuation of the ship, the 800v platform is a necessity for the military, the 4c charge rate becomes the industry's quest, and the 400v platform is in urgent need of upgrading. 4c is based on a new supercharged sign extended from traditional standards 1c and 2c, which has been pursued for the new energy automobile industry, 4c
"c" is a measure of the rate of discharge, with 4c indicating that the battery can be fully charged in 1/4 hours = 15 minutes.
In the future, if you want to reduce the charge time further by increasing the charge capacity, you will need to upgrade the 400v platform voltage in the 4c era.
The 800v platform is able to increase the charge speed by increasing the charge power, reducing heat losses, and reducing the weight of the vehicle, so that the 800v platform is gradually becoming the majority of the industry's choice. The increase in the charger speed means an increase in the output power of the chargepost, which, according to p = ui, can be used to increase the voltage.
Or by raising the current, which is more reliable in a way that increases the voltage: 1) reduces the power loss: according to the power loss formula, if the power increase power loss increases, the power loss will grow squarely, so that the higher voltage reduces power loss; 2) reduces the cost of cooling systems: according to Jjolar law, the increase in the current will cause the system to heat up.
This increases the cost of cooling systems; (3) reduces the weight of wire beams: the larger the current, the thicker the cross-section of the beam, increases the weight of the beams. In summary, the higher voltage is more reliable and safe, and can be a better solution for electric cars to increase their charge speed and to continue their mileage.
As the high voltage system is upgraded to 800v, the electrical and electrical system topping structure, although not very different, will require a corresponding upgrade of the parts and components involved in the high voltage system. 1) Power cells: To ensure the safety of the use and the useful life of the battery under high voltage and large currents, the battery material will need to be upgraded to improve the conductivity and battery stability;
2) Power devices: The 400v platform used an additional 650v power module for vehicles, while the 800v platform needed to upgrade the power module to 1,200v. The original silicon-based power module had a loss, inefficiency and volume deficit, while the sic became a new option because of its high stress tolerance, low wear and tear, high power density, high heat conductivity, etc.
3) High-pressure beams: the high-pressure system leads to an increase in the use of high-pressure beams, with a clear increase in the value of high-pressure beams; 4) high-pressure connectors: as the voltage platform rises, the requirements for high-pressure connectors on heat management, emc, car, machine shocks and corrosion will be further enhanced, and the ratio of high-pressure connectors to bicycles will be further increased
Upgrade; 5) high voltage direct relays: voltage and current upgrades under 800v platform and further enhancement of the arc, requiring relays to further upgrade their performance in high voltage, load resistance, shock resistance, arc extinguishment, break-up, etc.; 6) thin membrane capacitors: better voltage and stability of the film capacitors compared to aluminium electrolysis, in vehicle reverses, etc.
Both the obc and the charger posts have applications and, as the vehicle ' s high voltage platform is further upgraded, the film capacitors will be further replaced by aluminium electrolysis; (7) Melters: smelters will protect the electrical system and smelting in high-voltage platforms will further increase the vehicle value. (8) Magnetic materials: Magnetic materials will be widely applied to power-driven systems in new energy vehicles.
The performance requirements for magnetic materials in areas such as sensors will be further enhanced in the context of voltage platform upgrades. 2.3.3 In the area of deep tilling beams, and in the area of hugging high pressure/high speed opportunities, complete product layouts have been developed.
1) In the case of wire beam products, car beams, as the “lifeline” of the car circuit network, are the blood vessels and nerves connected to the car electrical system, made up of materials such as conductors, endors, plugs and condoms, which act as a means of transmitting the powered signal. New-energy car electricization, intelligentization makes single-line beams of great value compared to conventional cars.
Upgraded. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the value of one-way beams for low-, medium- and high-end conventional fuel trucks is 2,500, 3,500 and 4500, respectively, while the value of one-way beams for new energy vehicles is 5,000, and the value of one-car high-pressure beams in new energy vehicles is approximately 2,500, which is the value of the whole line beam.
Mother rows are the key components of future car electrical structures. Currently, the vehicles that transmit energy at long distances include cables, traditional copper platoons and master rows, which require less insulation space than crude cables, reducing the length, quantity and weight of circuits and reducing the width of 70%. At the same time, they are capable of having the same cross-section area.
In this case, 15% more power than the cable, so that in the future the mother platoon will be a key part of the electrical structure of the car, and the ideal solution for high-voltage connections in the electric car. The soundness of the message now forms a complete low-pressure, high-pressure whole-line beam, special-line beam, charge gun, etc.
In the area of whole-line beams, corporate product cover meter beams, engine beams, bottom beams and cabin beams, etc.; in the area of sub-system beams, corporate products cover doors, roofs, chairs, etc.; in the area of special beams, corporate products carry wheels of usb, antenna and abs.
2) In connection with connection products, car connectors can be divided into low-pressure/high-pressure/electricity/high-frequency high-speed connectors depending on their role. Traditional fuel trucks are dominated by low-pressure connectors, with a single-car value of $400-500; while new energy car connectors are priced up in the light of the trend towards electricization and intelligence.
The company currently designs and develops all the connections in the entire vehicle, including the low-pressure connectors, the high-pressure connectors, the high-pressure connectors, and the high-pressure connectors.
High-speed connectors and customized customer connectivity systems with a full range of product types. At the same time, companies are constantly working to improve manufacturing capacity and production efficiency, such as a dry-to-till network connector developed by the company on its own, which uses a full-screened double-tone cable connection structure, which is widely available in information and entertainment systems, adas and domain controller products.
In addition, the company ' s autonomous multi-high-frequency high-speed car connectors, with a maximum broadband of 20 ghz, can meet the requirements for the transfer of smart network car data and apply to environmental perception, smart cabin interaction, intelligent interconnection, assistive driving, car networking, autopilot, etc., in a variety of intelligent and network-connected directions that companies are expected to use in the future.
Classes and performance upgrades are further expanded in the high-speed information age. 2.4 Smartness: full upgrade of intelligent driving and smart cabins 2.4.1 Smart driving: higher grade and higher cost of optical load of vehicles.
Smart drivers are divided into three levels of perception-decision-implementation layer, where the main sensors are cameras, milli-wave radar, ultrasound radar, laser radar, and infrared sensors. The sensors for autopilot are configured in two squares, one led by Tesla, and the other by a new power of car creation.
Sensitivity mixers, multisensor integration programs such as video cameras and laser radars. Visuals dominate +mm wave radars for environmental perception with cameras, with the advantage of low cost and limitations in accuracy, vision and stability.
Data like headlines dominate. Laser radars, cameras, millimeters, etc. multisensor integration programmes have the advantage of higher accuracy, but the disadvantage is high cost.
Visuals, multisensor integration programs, high algorithm requirements + low perception requirements.
Low algorithm requirements + high perception requirements  lead camera + mm wave radars, and so on  laser radars, cameras, milligrams.
Accuracy, vision and stability: higher accuracy and reliability.
Weaknesses: Current high costs Limitations Representation of manufacturers: other new drivers,
The visual sense plays a major role in the sensor layer of the autopilot system, and the core of the visual perception is a vehicle-borne camera.
And cockpit monitoring. The environmental perception and monitoring is the data entered into the machine, and visual representation is shown to the driver. As the level of intelligent driving continues to increase, the vehicle will have to increase the number of vehicle-mounted cameras in order to increase the ability to access and recognize the information of powerful vehicles.
In the light of the following assumptions, we will measure the size of the market for the vehicle camera module:
Cars are starting to enter the market; 70% of the country ' s class-I2 and class-I3 autopilots were in 2030, and 20% of the class-I4 autopilots were in 2030. We assume that the penetration rate of l2/l3/l4 varies evenly from year to year in 2025. Because China ' s new energy vehicle is faster in its intelligence process, we replace it with domestic penetration data.
2) Number of bicycle cameras: according to yole data, the average number of single-car cameras averaged 1-2 in phase 1-2; the average number of cameras in phase 1-2 was 1-5; the number of cameras in phase 1++ is currently 3-12; the number of cameras in phase 13 is expected to be 5-20. We assume that the number of single-car cameras in phase 1/l1/l2/l3/l4+5 is the same.
1/3/51/15. 3) Camera price: according to yole data, car-borne cameras account for about 20% of the total number of cameras used; 2020 Car-mounted to 40-50 yuan, accompanied by rising pixels and so on, we expect 3% per year
We measured the size of the Carborne Camera Model in 2022 at 58 billion yuan, and in 2025 2030 at 97.423.9 billion yuan, and in 2023-2030 at 19.8 per cent.
Laser radars are the core sensors that use lasers for accurate ranging to achieve high-level autopilot, primarily consisting of launch modules, scanning systems, receiving modules and information processing systems. The core components of the laser radar system consist mainly of energy-generating lasers, optical components such as scanners, optical detectors and receiveric, and
Laser radars can be divided by structure into launch systems, scanning systems, receiving systems, and information processing systems.
Near-infrared lasers pose a risk to human eye safety. According to the scanning system, they can be classified as mechanical, mixed solid-state and solid-state laser radars, with laser radar innovation programmes such as mems mirrors, mixed solid-state rotors, and double prism.
Further maturity and reduced costs, laser radar is entering the commercial phase of the car market, the required sensors for autopilot of class and above. According to Irey's consulting data, our vehicle-borne laser radar market is expected to grow from $460 million in 2021 to $5.47 billion in 2025, with an average annual compound growth rate of 85.8 per cent.
From September 2021 to December 2022, laser radar entered the "0" to "1.2.4.2 smart module: the intelligent terminal pursues the interactive revolution of cars with intelligent and networked vehicle products that allow hardware, human interaction, tether systems.
Integrated software development. The upgrade of the smart cabin is carried out mainly in both hardware and architecture directions: Hardware level: the smart cabin is divided into three main systems, including the cockpit system (including LCD dashboards, hud, streaming media rearview mirrors, etc.), the information and entertainment system (including ivi touch screens, back-seat information and entertainment departments).
With hardware upgrades, smart compartments are able to perform multi-modular interactions, smart network connections, landscape-scenes upgrades. On the interactive side, smart pods interact in a variety of ways, such as touch, voice, gestures, etc., and screen hardware is presented.
Multiple screens, big screens, combined screen trends; network connectivity through a car network centred on tcu (car network control unit) that would benefit fully from the development of 5g technology; and experience enhancement, which would provide multisensor stereo multiplying through intelligent upgrading of seats, atmosphere lights, acoustics, etc.
Vehicle experience. The configuration upgrade of the hardware level of the smart cabin will lead to its continuous upgrading at the perception+interactive level. Structural level: the concept of the smart cabin has emerged in isolation from the upgrading of the car ' s electrodynamic and electronic electrical structures, which has led to the gradual concentration of the cabin from its previous distributional control to the domain.
Parts such as disks, hud, and car-borne information and entertainment systems are controlled through independent ecu. In the age of car intelligence, the ecu control unit under the distributed electrical and electronic structure is unable to meet the requirements of intelligent driving and smart cabins for computational and safety performance, and the concentration of domains has become a trend.
The mainframe and the Tier1 vendor develop the smart-barrel industrial chain. As the electronic and electrical structure of the car changes and the intellectual capability is gradually upgraded, the mainframes will focus more on software differentiation development in the smart cabins, while the Tier 1 supplier will focus more on the bottom software plus hardware architecture.
A unified hardware architecture can help the mainframe plant to reduce design difficulties and development costs to achieve better differential development at a later stage; and a lower-level software and domain controller development capability for the Tier1 vendor, which can provide a class integration solution for the mainframe plant.
In terms of the size of the vehicle, the average vehicle value is about $1,500, because of the traditional size of the car, which consists mainly of mechanical dashboards and car-borne information and entertainment systems.
The import of major components such as the central control screen, LCD dashboards, Hud, and the back-view mirrors of the streaming media in the time of the cockpit has significantly increased the value of the smart cabin bicycles to over $6,000. By market size, the market size of the country's smart cabin was $64.7 billion in mid-2021, an increase of 14.11 per cent. The market size is expected to rise by 2025.
2.4.3 The corporate intelligence area is configured to provide solutions for v2x The company is actively engaged in the extension of the intelligence field in response to the trend of automobile quadruple, and is currently deployed in the areas of smart network, intelligent driving/control, with major products such as cgw (central gateway), rsu (roadside unit) and tcu
(car-borne communication module) and provide the solution achieved by v2x. The whole network network: cgw (central gateway) of one of the company ' s product lines is at the heart of the car ' s electronic electrical structure.
With the upgrading of the electrical grid, the need for automobiles to access the gateways has increased. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the market size of the global vehicle gateway was $3.6 billion in 2020, and is expected to rise to $12.5 billion in 2027 and capr in 2020-2027.
v2n (vehicle-to-network): Tcu, also known as t-box, one of the company's product lines, is an embedded system installed in the smart network area for remote information communication, which allows vehicle data such as location information, speed, mileage, fuel consumption, safety airbags, etc. to be removed from the vehicle.
The continuous development of car-networking technology has triggered an upscaling of tcu's assigned amounts. According to the China Economic Research Institute, the global market for t-box reached 26 billion yuan in 2020, 70.5 billion yuan in 2025 and combined growth rates in 2020-2025.
22.08%. According to data from the Haguar Research Institute and the Joss, the pre-package of t-boxes in China was 9.4 million in 2020, with a 50% assembly rate, and is expected to reach 2020 million in 2025, with an increase in the assembly rate of v2i (vehicle-to-infrastructure): the rsu (roadside unit) of one of the company ' s product lines is
Breaking the road is the key to the technology, which is an important way to achieve high-level autopilot. Rsu can gather information about the environment, road conditions, traffic signs, etc., and pass it on to the car to enable real-time interaction between traffic interconnections and communication numbers.
More than 10 vehicle networking and road collusive application testing bases, the construction of roadside infrastructure for vehicle connectivity in each demonstration area is already on the ground and will continue to expand in the future.
2.5.1 Strategic cooperation with Chiré to join forces on the Tier 1 goal. In February 2022, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with Chirre Holdings Ltd. to co-organize a joint venture of 30 per cent on the spot and 70 per cent on the basis of Chirí to specialize in new energy vehicles.
The Chirre Group, which has been working for years in the automotive industry, has a complete technological and product development system in the entire area of the car, and has extensive experience in the field of precision manufacturing.
Chiré, the country’s first new energy company, was established in 1997. Chiré began research and development in the area of new energy cars in 1999 and has been in the process of becoming a leading driver of auto parts and components for more than 20 years now, with a steady decline in technology and products.
1) Full Series +457: As early as 2017, Chiri identified a new energy technology plan for the "All Series +457", including four new energy whole platform (small pure power platform, medium pure power platform, plug-in hybrid platform and four-way platform); five general-purpose subsystems (power cell system, power-driven system, full vehicle)
Control systems, phev total power generation and power-drive backbridges) and seven core technologies (cell management technology, battery system design, whole vehicle control technology, phev system design, smart interconnection design, light quantification technology, new energy, whole vehicle integration technology).
2) @life platform: @lifee platform is a green smart modular technology platform with autonomous knowledge products built after more than 20 years of car-making experience and technology deposition, with the advantages of two core technologies: green and intelligent. The platform takes the lead in a comprehensive upgrading in the area of intelligence, with the hope of building smart batteries, smart power, intelligence.
A smart life with a smart driver. Based on the @life platform, Chir has developed a new generation of autonomous intellectual property electronic architecture technologies that are compatible with a variety of communications protocols, such as a mega/dry-meganet and a can/canfd, supporting 5g, v2x functional extension and an upgrade of the ota.
3) Four major laboratories: Chirry owns four major laboratories: the Nvh Laboratory, the Meisterbock&Cubing Laboratory, the k&c Laboratory, and the Collision Safety Laboratory.
Chiré's new energy is now sold mainly in large ants, small ants, and Erezee, thanks to the warmth of the car market and Chiré's own ongoing exploration in the new energy sector, which grew in reverse under greater market pressure in the first half of this year. In 2022, Chir's new energy stock sold 17.47 million cars.
Figure 40: 2021.10-2022.12 New energy vehicle sales (vehicles)
Bcs focused on human interface (hmi) solutions for 70 years, a leading global manufacturer of car parts and components that can complement the creation of a product.
At the same time, with its high-quality client resources, combined with its global layout, synergies can be created to assist companies in conducting business exhibitions. Product complementarities: in terms of products, bcs is a major production dashboard electronic component, with switches, integrated electronics, control panels, axle control systems, access systems, sensors and air-conditioning heating systems, six product lines, with each other.
Products such as wire beams and connectors complement each other. Meanwhile, bcs has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Kyoto Oriental Power in 2021 to work in depth in the areas of smart cabins and smart interiors to promote product innovation in vehicle displays and interactive domains.
Countries and territories have relevant operations, with 8 manufacturing plants and 13 marketing and engineering centres in 10 countries and territories, which can help to create a global layout for the fast-tracking of automobile operations.
External client resources can help to create communications for the expansion of customer resources in the automobile business. 2.5.3 Co-operation to bring together the layout laser radar track, November 2021.
With the build-up of a full range of deep laser radar technologies and a multidisciplinary communications profession, the two sides will combine their superior upstream and downstream resources and continue to innovate in their deep industrial capabilities. Rapid fusion was established in 2014, with the first mechanical laser radar to take over, with a refocusing in 2016.
A solid-state laser radar was pre-positioned with a forward-looking mems technology route, which grew at a speed in the wind of autopilot. The velocity conglomerate now has over 700 laser radar-related patents in the global layout, with over 40 vehicle-type fixed orders as of 2021. At the same time, the company is strategically aligned with Biadi, the polar kryptonite, and so on.
And, in March 2021, it became the first firm-state laser radar production line to be the only firm-stated second-generation product delivery facility in the world. According to yole, in 2021, the share of the global market for the creation of pre-loaded laser radar was 10%, ranked first in the country and second in the world.
Quick-temperature 2-generation smart-stated laser radar m1 uses the mems solid-state laser radar programme, which has unique advantages in a number of ways: 1) performance, m1 platform can address the quality of the dotted cloud of extreme conditions, such as high anti-objects, near barrier, sunlight exposure, multi-radar offsets; 2) ranging.
m1 as far as 200 m for effective detection of high anti-aircraft objects at 0.3 m in near-field detection; in volume, only one tenth of the size of the conventional 64-line mechanical laser radar; and in intelligence, m1 is the first and only global mems-based scanning technology for autopilots and ai
In terms of the cost of algorithmic technology, the m1 optical module has been highly integrated, reducing the cost while significantly reducing the processing time to allow for large-scale production. 6) On the stability side, m1 has passed multiple reliability tests and the longest-run prototype has been running for more than 700 days.
The total mileage is more than 800,000 kilometres. 2.5.4 viewing innovation, in collaboration with the leading electronics, has entered the field of vehicle-borne optical science.
In 2018, Guangbao transferred the camera module (ccm) under the flag of the Taiwan Ministry of Industry to set-up innovation. In the last 15 years, the Ministry of Guangbao cm and Industry was created, with products covering multiple types of high-end video modules, with client resources distributed among front-line manufacturers.
After the Ministry, as a result of the rapid development of the setup innovation, the city succeeded in the production of the first three-part industrial module in the mobile phone sector, after taking over from the Ministry of Guangbaocm and Enterprise, in 2020, the setup innovation acquired 44.87% of the shares of the great electronics, mainly in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of camera modules, which are from the iPhone front camera module.
The main supplier. At the same time, Govern Electronics has the fc lens module encapsulation technology to help set the scenes for innovation into the iPhone backstage module supply chain. In addition, it builds on the capabilities of the Vector Camera Model, which works with the Govern Electronics in the field of military vehicle optics.
Figure 47: Inventive car camera module products 3 mobile phone operations: vertical industry layout, capacitator of 3.1 consumer electronics industry, continued expansion of product categories
3.1.1 The demand for smart machines is recovering, and the share of apples at the top is stable, reaching a peak of 1.47 billion a year, and has declined steadily since then. Since 2020, the global economy has been affected by the impact of the epidemic, and there have been fluctuations in the amount of smart machine sales. In 2022, the sales of smart machines reached 1,206 million, or 11.34 per cent.
On that day, the number of mobile phones sold in the country was 35.06 million, or 2.3 per cent, of which the number of mobile phones sold was even higher, reaching 6.553 million, or 12.7 per cent) and the long-term stock market, where high-end machines competed:
From a market perspective, the smart brand of cr6 rose from 58.3% in 16 years to 80.9% in 22 years, and the data indicate that smartphones have entered the stock market. From a price-level perspective, the Apple Andre divide has increased, and the share of high-end machines has risen rapidly.
Drone, Apple, has taken a larger share of the high-end market, with smart machines with more than $600 increasing from 52.17% of 2q19 to 79.16% of 4q21, with relatively robust demand. Among these, the rapid rise in Apple's high-level intellectual and market power ratio, and the growth in pro-type machine sales have brought more profit space into the supply chain.
Coihs predicted that sales of the pro+promax type in 22 years would increase to 59 per cent of sales of the new iPhone 14 and only 43 per cent of the iPhone 12 in 20 years.
The company has been the first consumer electronic platform in the consumer electronics sector for many years. Mobile zero products cover acoustics, antennas, connectors, wireless charges, and so on. At the same time, it is expanding on consumer sub-innovation, such as tws, arvr.
Bit layout, which is expected to capture a greater share of the market in the future in the competition. 1) For parts and components, the company, with its own long-term accumulation on the connector, provides complete, high-performance internal and external cellular connectors. 2) For modules, the company has pioneered and pioneered acoustic modules, antenna modules and wireless recharge units.
Multi-head brand supply and surrogates; 3) systems, companies further stabilize their market share through external M&A acquisition of airpods and iphone replacements. 3.2 Spare parts: Deep-farm cellular connectors, hugs type-c market opportunities
Mobile phone connectors: There are surprises in the stock market Connectors are widely used in the areas of communications, consumer electronics, security, computers, cars, orbital traffic.
Connectors and internal connectors, with external connectors including headphone interfaces, i/o connectors, battery connectors, simcard connectors, memorycard connectors, antenna/rf connectors, camerasocket; internal connectors include fpc connectors, panel-to-board connectors, line-to-board connectors.
Figure 53: Mobile phone connector maps show an increase in the number of single machine connectors as mobile phones develop lightly, with high frequency and multifunctionality, with higher demands on cellular connectors in terms of volume, speed of transmission, performance, etc.
At the same time, in terms of interfaces, the Usb interface has gradually become a trend towards modern data transmission with its advantages of speed, i.e. plug-in, ease of use, etc. In 2022, the European Parliament passed a bill that provides that, from the end of 2024, all new portable smart devices will be charged with the user-c charge interface;
This month, Apple confirmed that it would comply with EU requirements and that since 2024, all smartphones will be charged with the Usb-c connector taps, with an increase in type-c worth noting.
Intensity, high speed, while improving the high heat, touch control and energy efficiency of the product, provides a high-quality solution. The fpc product is lightly thin, with 3d layouts and flexible assembly structures; the usb-c connector is fast-charged and hypervelocity data synchronized with connectivity, with data synchronizing rates.
10gbps, while the built-in mamarkic chip in the connector automatically identifies the electrical voltage and currents needed for electronic products and provides more secure security.
3.3 Modules: Acoustic Models with full power, multi-directional Acoustic Models 3.3.1 Acoustic Modules: Demand Stable, Double-Speaker Innovations (i) Extra-delayed M & A to the domestic and international Acoustic Model Markets
In 2016, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kunshan, invested $530 million in Sioux and won 51% of its equity in the US. Suzhou ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, which was in Hong Kong ' s United States of America prior to its acquisition, has been market-placed for many years in the audio field in a number of countries and regions, including a number of world-renowned businesses.
The company successfully cut into the audio module market, entered the iphone audio supply, and also laid the groundwork for the airpods. After the acquisition of the senorte, the company continued to buy the i.e., in 2017, the company continued to buy the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e., the i.e.e., the i.e.
Supply of domestic acoustic modules. (ii) The acoustic market is stable and the two speakers are innovative.
Local innovation. For a stereo solution to the mainstream smartphone, the top speaker/generally lower than the bottom main speaker, the two speakers are not symmetrical. For the first time, two top-and-down model primary speakers were introduced in the 10 series of millet, and Mi was a major promoter of the innovation as a new machine.
The building dxomark also has an audio score for the launch of smartphones, using a symmetric double-speaker 10-metre line to get a headline. From the assessment of dxomark, the main advantage of a symmetric double-speaker is not the volume of sound, but the tone and spatial sense, especially in space.
Intuitively, it is the location information that is transmitted to the audience through sound, and the advantage of space perception is the ability to get a particular voice from a particular location when presenting the entire view. The symmetrical double-speaker innovation has made the terminal more or will increase its focus on acoustics, and the future upgrading of acoustic components will give more dynamism to the industry.
The volume of the acoustic market is stable, with middle-swap manufacturers being one of the most beneficial segments of the entire industrial chain. Audio devices. Three main types of production of microphones, audioics and loudspeakers, including semiconductor and audio precisions.
The product consists of cellular acoustic components and extension accessories, such as tws headphones and smartphones. Because of the labour-intensive properties of the acoustic equipment industry, the surrogate is one of the most beneficial components of the entire industrial chain, at a cost of around 40-50%; the industrial chain is dominated by end-use applications, at a cost of about 10%.
The downstream demand for out-of-school extension fittings has grown and the market for acoustic devices has grown steadily, and according to data from the Baguar Institute, the market for acoustic devices is expected to reach $43.79 billion in 2024, of which the market for mems microphones, audioic and loudspeakers will be 2.620 billion, 11.1 billion and 30.7 billion, respectively.
3.3.2 Radio frequency (RF) module: The need for antennas is diverse and wireless bulges are growing (i) The demand is diversified in the 5g era, and the company provides customized programs and antennas in electronic devices are very important for electromagnetic waves.
In the 5g era, the frequency of mobile phone communications has gradually increased, and the consumer's pursuit of mobile phone performance and volume has evolved towards multiple power and light quantification, in which the antenna's shape, number, process and materials have gone through different stages. 1) On the morphology side, the required antenna length has been gradually reduced as the frequency of mobile phone communications has increased, as a result of the gradual reduction in the length of the antenna required.
This antenna pattern has evolved through three phases of external-internal-open metal frames, and integration has gradually increased. (2) In terms of quantity, with the expansion of cellular capabilities, apart from the need to use antennas in the primary communication chip to access the commercial network, mobile phones have multiple functions, such as wifi, bluetooth, gps, nfc, etc., that need to be applied separately.
The same antennas, corresponding frequency bands and antenna lengths, are also different, and the number of antennas used is increasing.) In the process, there are three main processes for the built-in antennas, namely, fpc (flexibleprinted antenna), lds (laser-direct-structuring) antennas, and metal center frames.
The lds antenna has a better performance, longer durability, lower failure rate and shorter manufacturing flow, increasing the use of cellular space by ejecting the antenna on the outer shell of the cell phone; while the metal middle frame option goes further by designing the antennas used for different functions in the same metal frame, some of which can also be compared to lds
The process is combined to become the mainstream of the current 5g mobile phone programme. 4) In material, changes in the transmission speed of 5g, electromagnetic wave coverage, etc., require low-discharge, high-conductor heat, and high-electronic shielded high-molecular material.
In the 5g era, lcp materials were gradually applied with smaller wear and tear, greater flexibility, and better sealing. Given the high cost of lcp and the complexity of the process, mpi was also one of the main alternatives.
The creation of a multi-purpose mobile phone and other mobile terminal antenna module products, mainly based on the Ids process, with specific antenna modules for nfc functions in addition to the whole-office antenna module, supports customization options for customers.
Figure 60: Corporate antenna module products (ii) Wire-filling: cellular wireless surge, company replacements for multiple head brands, cellular wireless charging, mobile phone brand cameras roll-out of wireless chargers, mobile phone-wire-filling markets
Wire charged is the technology to transfer electricity from electrical equipment to electrical devices, including both the launch end and the receiving end. Wire charged is widely applied to smartphones, wearable equipment, automobiles and home appliances, among other things.
Mobile phones have the largest applications, and since the release of the first wireless charger phone, palmpre, in 2009, various handheld brands have introduced multiple wireless chargers, the share of wireless chargers in the amount of smartphones is rising, and the market for cellular chargers is expanding.
Since the deployment of the Wireless Charging Group products, it's been working on wireless chargers for many head smartphone brands, and as a wireless collection of odm, it can provide clients with a complete product solution from design to manufacture.
Cards, a wireless charge product with a power of 30w-65w, which continues to move forward in fast charge, multi-circle, multi-equipment, and programme compatibility, with client approval for the market share.
3.4.1 Dressable operations: Expansive extension, tws+watch double-wheel drive, airpods sales have continued to increase since the introduction of the Airpods generation in 2016 and have led to the rapid development of the tws headphones industry, one of the most popular products for apples. Airpods are one of the most popular products for apples because of process recovery.
With a lot of spare parts, the quality of the product requires good manufacturing practices from the company, which were initially carried out mainly by the company's capital company, the British Da. In 2016 and 2017, the news was acquired through the gradual acquisition of the ATM/Shanghai U.S.A. in 2017.
It's a major supplier. Airpods' sales are growing rapidly, making it a stable performance support point for companies. Meanwhile, the public minister cut into the watch assembly in 2020 and can wear product lines. Appleairpods maintain a strong position in the tws headphones.
Apples dominate, with 32 per cent of the city and far more than other manufacturers. 2q22 Appletws headphones delivered 17.5 million pieces, an increase of 13 per cent compared to the previous year, with a market share of 27.8 per cent, as shown in figure 63: Global share of Tws headphone brands in 2021.
In July 2020, the company and its controlling shareholders invested RMB 3.3 billion in the acquisition of the full-fledged subsidiaries, Jiangsu and Kunshan, which hold around 78 per cent of the shares of Kunsan.
The acquisition helped set up a message after the airpods to get into the iphone's full-time job, and the sophisticated manufacturing capacity for the cellular component will be closely coordinated with the new Quinshan replacement business, which is expected to help the company gain a larger share of the replacement.
The demand for smart machines has recovered and the share of apples has been stable. In 2022, 1,206 million smart machines were sold, with 226 million sold annually, or 4.07% of the year, which is better than the performance of larger machines. In 2023, domestic sales showed a return to the status quo. According to bci, as of February 5, 2023, domestic sales of mobile phones stood at 35.66 million.
With yoy+2.3 per cent of them performing better, with 6,553,000 apple phones sold, yoy+12.7 per cent, the company has a full-time replacement at the iphone, which relies on a high share of apples in the market, and is expected to maintain steady growth in the company ' s cellular assembly operations.
Figure 66: Portfolios of Apples in 2013-2022e (millions) 3.5ar/vr: Virtual reality is on the move, the advantage of creating mr cards highlights the prospects of ar/vr and the rapidly developing content application market.
The global virtual reality market is about 87 billion yuan yuan, of which 54.9 billion yuan is marketed in vr and 32.1 billion yuan is market in Ar. The average annual compound increase in the size of the global virtual reality industry is expected to be around RMB 1 billion in 2020-2024.
More than 40% of the population is believed to have predicted that, as the traditional industry’s digitalization transitions and information consumption rises, the content market will develop rapidly, with the endware market expected to be more than $280 billion in 2024. Many head enterprises have released vr new products, and the hardware industry chain will be a catalyst for opportunities.
At the beginning of 2023, several manufacturers, such as pico, Sow, Meta, Apple, Sony, published new items. Of these, the meta high-end integrated machine projectcambaria (research code for questpro) was officially released in October 22, with questpro carrying the pancake optical program, two $1,800 x 1920 resolution.
Superlcd screens, using mini-led backlight and quantum point combinations, processors are the latest high-profile pulmonary xr2+, and also introduce a number of new features, such as full-colour viewing, eye tracking, facial recognition. Vr permeability increases and product technology overlaps will provide incremental growth opportunities for vr hardware.
vr The number of users has increased, the equipment has started gradually, and the opportunity for hardware growth is considerable. According to Wellsennxr, the global volume of Vr equipment shipments was 10.29 million in 2021, breaking through 10 million important traffic points in the year. The global volume of Vr leads to a combined volume of 9.86 million in 2022, a decline of 4% from the same year, mainly due to metaquest.
The vr market's move to the consumer level is expected to lead to an increase in demand for hardware. Of this, the 40% value of screens plus opticals, and the perceptive part of the incremental opportunities are worth focusing on. Apple layout, ar/vr, benefits the company. On patents, Apple applied for a related patent.
In January 2020, Apple was granted 59 patents for the enhancement of reality and 3d reconstruction technology. In software, Apple launched and continuously updated the rket development platform in 2017 wwdc, which introduced plane tests, slam, environmental understanding, light estimates, etc.
Function. Apple's mobile phone model from iphone 6s/se above supports the arkit, which is capable of carrying high-quality anar applications. The a9 processor in ipad and above also fully supports the akit technology. According to the vr gyrus, in 2019 alone, the apple shop went on linear applications of more than 4,000 items, including games, tools, tools, etc.
Tourism, commerce, etc.. The tactile and apples work in close partnership on the whole machine assembly, precision zero components, modules, etc., while high-profile electronics, acquired under the corporate flag, are the main supplier of the iphone front camera module. Applemr products are expected to be released at 23q2, and companies are expected to move into the supply chain to boost performance.
4.1 Prospective profit scenarios and business segmentation of corporate products are divided into consumer electronics, computer-connected products and sophisticated components, communications-interconnected products and sophisticated components, car-interconnected products and sophisticated components and other connectors and products, and our sub-operational exploration is as follows:
Consumer electronics: Traditional consumer electronics such as cell phones, tws headphones, wearable equipment, etc. enter the stock age, and there is still room to upgrade the hardware of large clients, and the company’s share is expected to increase further. In consumer electronics, companies are mainly engaged in the following components: motors, antennas, vcm, acoustics, etc., topmodule and non-phone structures.
From 2022 to 2024, we expect the consumer electronics industry to slow down the growth of its spare parts and assembly operations as consumer electronics move into stock. The Māori rate will remain largely stable as it moves into a steady state.
Computer-connected products and sophisticated components: Global pc markets are slowing down, corporate computer-connected products and sophisticated components are more mature, and industries are expected to grow at a comparable rate in the future. In 2022-2024, we expect companies to return to historical averages in future.
Communications interconnection products and precision components: As the 5g communications industry evolves, the base stations move towards multiple ports, multiwaves, and the demand for precision manufacturing is increasing, and companies are expected to continue to benefit in the 5g communications area.
At the same time, companies have been actively expanding product coverage, adding product lines such as thermal management and industrial connectivity, adding coded servers, machine assembly operations, moving towards a multi-problem integrated solution provider for data and communications. In the first half of 2022, companies collected $3.64 billion in telecommunications products and sophisticated components, yoy+158.61%.
As demand for precision in data transmission continues to rise in such areas as 5g, big data and autopilot technology, the company ' s automobile interconnection products and precision components: the firm ' s reliance on strong precision manufacturing capabilities and experience has become a complete combination of low-pressure, high-pressure whole-line beams, special wire beams and charge guns.
The supplier, and the company, also designed and developed a series of products covering all the connectors in the entire vehicle. In addition, in the light of the trend towards car intelligence, the company has actively placed itself into the area of smart electric vehicles, with multiple product coverage in the fields of smart network connections, smart cockpits, and smart manufacturing. In February 2022, the company and Chirí formed a joint venture company, no.
In the course of the year, we expect the company ' s automobile interconnections and sophisticated component operations to yield 55,93/8389,13004 million in other connectors and products: other connectors and products will not be the company ' s main business in the future, we expect cost rates for the period and others: we expect to benefit from cost rates in the future as the size of the company ' s revenue continues to expand.
In addition, taking into account the non-recurrent gains and losses such as the company's investment earnings and other gains, the company's main business is the “part parts-module-system” sophisticated manufacture of products, using the apple industry chain and the car-tier1-related companies, we have selected Gore shares, profit-making, East Mountain sophistication, and the Huayang Group for similar jobs.
As comparable companies, the average value of a listed company is 2022-2024 for a comparable company, and it is our view that companies benefit from the steady expansion of large customer business in the consumer electronics sector and from the continued abundance of their own product sectors, and that the market share increases further, while we also appreciate the fact that the company has an extra-diplomatic spread in the automotive sector.
Swords point to the target of Tier 1. For the first time, coverage is given with a “recommended” rating. 1) Consumption electronic demand is weak. If demand for global consumer electronics, such as smartphones, pad, pc, etc., is weak and sales are below expectations, there is a risk that the expected market share and the increase in the Māori rate will not be met.
2) Inadequate product R & D. As market competition increases and end-user product applications become more abundant, firms need to continuously optimize existing products and develop new technologies. If firms cannot accurately judge future market trends, maintain core technological advantages and introduce competitive new products, they may continue to do so.
Businesses can have a negative impact. 4) Market competition increases the risk. If firms are not able to maintain a technological and value-for-money advantage in the segmented product areas in the future, they may face even more intense competition in the course of customer development, with other manufacturers crushing the market.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.