High dividends continue to give back to investors, and asset injection is expected to open up growth — a study on the dynamics of China’s Shinhua (601088.sh) company, 2025q1, whose revenues fell by the same year, mainly due to coal sales and prices.
21.1%. The decline in corporate business income is mainly due to a decline in sales of coal and average sales prices, as well as to a double drop in electricity sales and average prices of electricity sales. The company ' s coal operations produced 82.5 million tons of commercial coal in a quarter, compared to the same period.
The sales volume was 92,000 tons, corresponding to +2.8 per cent, and the sales volume of polypropylene was 832,000 tons, with a small increase in the cost of sales and the financial cost rate, with a sales cost of 0.19 per cent for the company 2025q1,
With 2,087 million tons available and an increase of 10 million tons of coal-mining energy, 15.7 million tons of coal-producing mineral energy and 2 x 600mw coal power units, the company’s ability to become physically competitive and profitable in the long term is consolidated.
From the sources, the company’s energy security capacity and regional competitiveness have been strengthened in the Monton region.
Synergy of services to reduce operating costs and improve marketing efficiency; the integrated coal power characteristics of Montung will further enhance the company’s integrated operational advantages. Assessments indicate that Tanangolai fields are expected to produce 10 million tons in 2029 and to be delivered after delivery.
In addition to the significant increase in the level of asset collection and profitability, coal is sold abroad mainly through the company's Tarhan Railway, which will be effective in raising the number of tahan irons, taking into account the strong advantages of integrated company operations and the high dividends.
Rate, first-time coverage of the company, rating of the “buy-in” investment.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.