Distribute acquisition plans to address the distance between competition and competition.
Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) Events: Companies issue announcements for the acquisition of assets held by the National Energy Group, such as coal, pit kerosene, kerosene, gas, coal-chemicals, etc., which state that specific programmes are yet to be further negotiated and that matching funds will be mobilized on a case-by-case basis.
Following the purchase of Hang Jin energy in early February 2025, the company re-started the injection of assets in fulfilment of its commitment to avoid competition among peers. Since the announcement of its commitment to avoid competition among peers in 2014, the company announced on February 12, 2025 that it would complete the acquisition of Hang Liu Xiaoning.
Ten million tons, with an increase of 10 million tons in the mining towers under construction, which are expected to be built in 2028 and to reach production in 2029. On this foundation, the company issued an announcement on 2 August 2025 to acquire electricity from the state under the National Energy Group, coal-based oil and chemical companies, and Zou Pei-chung.
Xinjiang Energy Industries, Uhai Energy, Submarine Mining, Shinyan Coal, Shinjien Energy, Flat Coal Mines, Inner Moon Construction, Coal Carbon Marketing, Port Corporation, Shipping Corporation, Electronic Commerce Corporation, with total estimated assets in the hundreds of billions of United States dollars; of these assets, Xinjiang has the largest capacity for energy, and, by the end of 2024, Xinjiang had a total of 40 billion yuan in energy assets and capital.
Quettaji, 100 million tons, with a capacity of 502 million tons, 10 mines, 15 million tons/year of authorized capacity and 1980 tons/year of design-cleaning capacity. Strategicly, this reorganization is expected to optimize the allocation of resources throughout the coal industry and further improve integration.
Operating capacity, and addressing peer competition, is an important source of long-standing corporate commitment to addressing peer competition. This acquisition is expected to significantly increase the company’s coal resource retention and its coal supply and integrated operational capacity, and it is not expected that the purchase of assets this time will affect the company’s dividends, based on our projected net return profits in 2025, at 2024.
In the first half of 2025, low domestic coal prices led to a reduction in imported coal, a decrease in the country's primary coal production ratio, a steady increase in port arrivals, a start on spontaneous industrial clean-up, or a start on coal prices. The National Energy Agency carried out a verification of coal “surveillance” in July 2025, the coal supply end or end of the coal supply.
In response to more significant policy pressures, the pace of supply improvement is expected to accelerate, and the price of coal is expected to increase strongly, supported by a contraction in supply. At the same time, considering that the country’s total coal stock is still high, we judge the current operation of a full supply/demand/tonne hub in the early stages of supply clean-up.
As expected, China’s dynasty is a much more sequestered and attractive coal leader at the bottom of the coal price. The current stock price corresponds to 14.1, 13.6, and 13.2 times, respectively, and we believe that the valuation of non-permanent assets is extremely sensitive to the length of the long term, and that corporate demand for the coal industry as a whole has fluctuated, both in terms of physical fundamentals and in terms of financial statements.
The highest/lowest resistance in a year is much higher than the industry average. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. \triangleright
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.