High Council of the People's Republic of China (GCA) costs show business resilience, acquisition and acquisition of resources to build a growth space: on August 29, 2025, the Chinese Zhenhua published its semi-annual report, and the company realized the Chinese Shunhua (601088) in the first half of 2025.
Tons, which fell by 10.9 per cent over the same period, included the sale of self-produced coal of 161.9 million tons, a decrease of 3.4 per cent over the same period, of which the sale price of self-produced coal was $478 per ton, a decrease of 9.3 per cent over the same period.
21.762 billion yuan, representing a 11.4 per cent decline in the same year, demonstrated strong profitability in the coal industry through the company ' s cost-control effectiveness during the lower-market coal price cycle.
The average number of hours spent on coal-fired units decreased by 4.2 per cent on a cost-related basis: the average cost of electricity sold was $346.9 per megawatt-hours, a decrease of 4.1 per cent on the same year, as a result of lower prices for coal-fired purchases.
It is worth noting that the company ' s acquisition of a total capacity of 2.53 billion yuan (including taxes) in the first half of the year has provided a strong boost to the profits of the power plate. Transport and Coalization Engineering Blocks: Railway & Port & Chemical Uplifted, Shipping down. Transport plate:
In the first half of \triangleright 2025, the company's railway branch achieved a turnover of 15.28 billion tons, down the same period.
In Beijing, the number 127 West Avenue of Wumen, Beijing, ranged from 47.2 per cent to a total profit of 1,329 million yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent in shipping.
Division B of the Golden House was affected by a 23.8 per cent decline in the volume of shipping shipments, with a total profit of $114 million, a 48.6 per cent decrease in the same year. Coalified industrial plates: benefiting from a low base for equipment repairs during the same period of the previous year, company pooling
Ethylene sales were 18.4 million tons, or +24.2 per cent, and polypropylene sales were 17.06 million tons, and assets were injected to resolve competition among peers, and resource reserves and conservation capacity were significantly enhanced. In February 2025, the company completed the acquisition of 100 per cent of the Hang Jin energy stock held by the National Energy Group, which led to public interest.
In August 2025, the company launched a new round of major asset restructuring to purchase coal, pit coal power and coalification held by the National Energy Group through shares and cash payments.
Related assets, such as industry, are designed to address the fundamental issue of peer competition, and will further enhance corporate efficiency and energy security.
The \triangleright score is no less than 65% of the net profit returned to the mother in the year, and consideration is being given to implementing the medium-term bonus. A high percentage, and sustainable, bonus policy underscores the importance that companies attach to shareholder returns.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: \triangleright ' s performance is more stable with a higher proportion of companies and integrated operations of coal ports, adding assets to open up growth space in high cash, high dividends and high prices.
In the context of growth, the company’s long-term investment value is evident. We expect the company to achieve carbon-related, power-related uncertainties in its policies for the period 2025-2027, a safe production accident in coal mines, and so on.
Member of the Panel of Experts on Coal Prices of the China Price Association and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (main holder), for over a decade, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and for more than a decade, he chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning study, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on 100 topics, and in June 2016 he joined the Suja Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for coal.
In June 2022, he joined the SIDA Portfolio Research and Development Centre and worked in coal, steel and steel and the upper and lower fields.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, formerly a member of the China Energy Outlook 2060 Board of Governors, Liu Hong Guang, Doctor of Beijing University, and Member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which studied coal and coal mining intelligence.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel industries, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of clients. The report is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above, and is not intended to be published to the public.
The initial date of presentation of the views and judgements indicates that the prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance in relation to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria, different views and analytical methods have been used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.