Incident: On 15 August, the company released a plan for the purchase of the holdings of the national energy group of shareholders, coal, coal power at pits to \triangleright and coal-fired gas and gas-chemicals related assets, as well as a proposed mid-2025 profit score
The value of the assets is nearly $100 billion. The transaction involves 13 companies that are listed to purchase assets from the National Energy Group by issuing shares in \triangleright rowa and paying cash, and to make cash payments to the west.
Ministry of Energy purchased assets. At the end of 2024, the total assets targeted amounted to $253,362 million, while the combined net returned assets amounted to $93,888 million; in 2024, the total operating income of the assets targeted amounted to \triangleright
The target assets include a number of large coal mines, and the amount of coal resources and production capacity have increased considerably since the reorganization.
Obscurant asset resources, but mention is made in the advance of 35 million tonnes/year of authorized capacity for the Xinjiang open-air mines under Xinjiang energy, with over 2 billion tonnes of available reserves, in addition to the company with the Xinjiang Red Sand Spring No. 1, Lu Jiaki
In 2024, the National Energy Group produced 620 million tons of coal and sold 850 million tons in China.
China's coal production is 330 million tons, selling 460 million tons, and the National Energy Group still has nearly 300 million tons of coal outside the market. According to incomplete statistics, the total of this reorganization involves 279 million tons of coal in productive capacity and construction in progress.
With 20 million tons of coal in China, 375 million tons of coal in China, 16 million tons of capacity in construction, and the start of the acquisition of assets, the Black Dragon's re-launching of 2025/08/0 tons of production capacity. If all the above-mentioned assets are injected, the listed companies will produce 74.5 per cent of the production capacity.
Investment recommendations: sound company operations, optimized resource allocation through asset injection, not taking into account this asset weight \triangleright 4. China Shinhua (601088.sh) performance forecast 2024
\triangleright: bright performance, red again, leading wind towards 5. China Shinhua (601088.sh) incident rating: purchase score
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.