Launching of large-scale asset acquisitions, enhanced integrated operation of the Protected River, launching of large-scale asset acquisitions in China (601088.sh), enhanced integrated operation of the Protected River and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
The company issues a plan for issuing shares and paying cash to purchase assets and collecting funds and associated transactions. It is proposed that the company issue shares and pay cash to purchase assets and raise matching funds to the National Energy Group and the Western Energy Corporation, and to purchase coal, coal and coal held by the National Energy Corporation.
Assets such as pit coal power and coal-chemicals, including 12 public-sector shares, such as electricity from the state sources, kyoyan coal, and energy from Xinjiang, as well as in-house investment in Western energy. Consider the decline in coal prices in 2025 and many times as much in future industries. Companies have relatively stable profits, and continued high dividends highlight the value of long-term investments.
• Broadening the industrial layout and increasing the core of integrated operations in China’s Senghua integrated industry covers coal, railways, ports, shipping, coal power, coal-chemicals, and six large block operations. The deal involves 13 assets, including 6 coal assets, and 1 pit-point coal power.
Integrated assets, two chemicals assets, and four transport sales assets. Corporate assets of excellent quality, covering coal and high-tech coal industries with excellent resource endowments, will significantly increase China’s overall profitability. According to company announcements, total assets of 2584 billion yuan by the end of 2024.
Xinjiang Energy, Chemical Industries, Uhai Energy, Flat Coal, Inner Moon Construction, Shinyan Coal, Shinjia Energy, Submarine Mining, Shipping Company, Coal Marketing Company, Electronic Commerce Company, Port Company)
• Adequate financial viability of the fund reserve to sustain a sustainable share of the high returns, which, as of 2024, would be $142.4 billion in Chinese Senghua currency funds to support cash payments; and asset-liability ratios
23.42 per cent, at a lower level in the industry, with sufficient debt-financing space; cash flows from operating activities
High-quality stock assets are expected to lead to a stable net operating cash flow. The transaction is conducted using cash plus equity payments. Medium- and long-term value highlights - company returns in the first quarter of 2025.
The company’s medium- and long-term development performance. In a context of industry pressure, the company insists on a sustainable high-return split.
2025.3.24 Purchase of assets to start new growth - company update