Launch of a large-scale asset acquisition, re-launch of the Black Golden Dragon 0408/2025: On August 1, the company published " On Planning the Distribution of Stock and Payment of Cash to Buy Assets and Gathering of Assets " .
\triangleright Discount Notice of Funds and Associated Transactions to be issued by companies and paid in cash to purchase and collect a package of assets related to coal, pit kerosene and coal-fired gas and gas-chemicals in the possession of the National Energy Group
\triangleright deals with 13 reorganization subject matter items, including assets promised to be acquired under the agreement to avoid competition between peers (except for Ning).
Xinjiang Energy, and 4 sales-related assets (coal distribution companies, port companies, shipping)
Companies, e-commerce companies), which cover “coal Electrification and distribution.” For a long time, integrated operations have been able to distinguish companies from other coal enterprises and from higher-valued nuclear competitiveness in the energy industry and capital markets, which will be further enhanced by restructuring.
\triangleright 1 billion tons, 850 million tons sold, 300 million tons of coal produced by China, 460 million tons sold, and nearly 300 million tons of coal still available in the National Energy Corporation outside the market. According to incomplete statistics, the total of this reorganization is related to coal in China.
China currently produces 375 million tons of coal, Wang Shan is building 16 million tons of coal and planning 40 million tons of coal if all the above-mentioned assets are injected into the public market.
Lujaki distributes, develops confidence, and shares values are important. Because companies focus on maintaining continuity and stability in profit distribution policies.
And predictable, we expect that major asset restructuring matters will not affect the company’s redwealth commitments, and that future prospects will continue. \triangleright 2. China’s Dynasty (601088.sh) annual report, 2024:
At the end of the day, corporate money amounts to $155.5 billion, and we expect the company to have its own cash to cover most of the matching needs. At the same time, investing in high-return projects and purchasing high-quality assets on the basis of equity returns can help to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, increase net profits and optimize the asset structure, hopefully driving the company’s combined roe.
China’s performance forecast for 2024 (601088.sh)
\triangleright 4. \Trangleright \Triangleright \Triangleright \Trangleright \Acquisitions \Acquisitions \Acquisitions \Acquisitions \Acquisitions \Acquisitions \Tranangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.