{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}awhollyownedsubsidiaryofinamerchantsbank ctgdf(601888ch) hold(down)
I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
(previoustp up/downside 4q21touristtrafic (+63%q)recoveredasweexped, andsowasctgdf's)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Sobsently produced 10% curinour2021eeeearnings.ctgdmanage pledgedtoophardbettermarkinsfor2022throughdisciplinedpromotionsanda josephwong
Thissaid, hainan's 100bnsalalestartookstobackbackbackthouldagaindragctdf intotheunhapplyparadoxbetweenprofibilityandrowth, particularly
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I've---------
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot to do, we've got a lot to do, we've got a lot to do, we've got a lot to do, we've got a lot to do, we've got a lot to do, we've got a lot to do with this, we've got a lot of work, we've got a lot to do.
Wecut 14% ofour2022revenuetorm 98bn, whichmaincomprises rmb11bncontributionfromsunriseshanghai/shanghaiairports, and source: bloomberg
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
shareontheisland. weloweredour2022egpmto 31.6% (from 38.9%) basedon 34% Fordy-freebusessand 26%fordy-paidbusiness.westillassumecosmetics/
30% by watchters/jewelryat + 10% whyleelectronicsofferthelowestatc. cosmetics/perfumewilcontributec 50%ofthesalesmix, followedby
I mean, I'm not sure I'm gonna be able to do that, but I'm not gonna be able to do that.
Auditor: pricewaterhouse coopers consistenceonthepurchaseofomportednecessitiesforhainan relaedreports
"ctgdf(60188ch)-atnearterm trough; sharesleelymean-reverton"
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
Itssanya internationalduty-freecomplex, the firststintreveveteilcomplexin china, and thelargetsingleduty-freestoreinthorldintermsoftoralsalesalesa accordingtofrast&sullivan, meetingbusinesswithmore 70,000 sqmof
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
And covid-19pandemicwhochcausesignificantdecreaseininternationaltravelacties, itssalesfromoffshoredy-freestoresrestedstrongimprovement.in 2018, 2019and 2020, wherevenuegeneratedfromoffshoredy-freestoreswere
Rmb8,010.4mn, rmb13, 249.6mnandrm29, 961.9mn, with acagrof 93.4%. inresponsote"duty-feeshoppingpluspremiumhotel"project, expansionof sanya internationalduty-freecomplished.
2023 with anestimatedgfaof76 500 sqm.forhotelarea, itsconstructionstartedtostart sqm.Webelievetheexpansionofhaikou/sanyaduty-freecompexcircialto
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, remember 2020, relativity-freeshoppingforhainononshorreresidents (with undied partinghainan), whichwebelievecoulldbyapilotprogramaheadof the percapitatoratattctdcoudcapture,weestimatetheralaxation,soulditrealize,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, wouldpreentarm10bnadressablemarketthattgdfouldextpole. domesticalconsulationrepation of the 14th five-year-yearplanpromotednewdevelopmentpatterncentensencentersonthe
Domestical compulsation processionalion with the co-developmentofan internationalisation.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
If the spendingwillwillbeddirectedto bothmedomesticmarket, weestimatiethiscoustboust the maretsizeofthelatterby 33%.
Since: companydata, cmbigm in fact, withthetaxationofduty-fepropolicysincejul 2020, thetotalimportsof consumergoodsgrew 8.2% yoytorm1.6tn, accordingtothechinacoustom.
30%; 20%; 30%; 30%; 30%; 30%; 30%.
tax-freeportby 2025, domesticduty-freeswillremainachanneltorrate overseasconsumptionbacktochina.source:chinacustoms, stateofcaseadmistration, cmbigm
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's not like I'm going to have to do this, islanneandthemomentthetravelerreturnhome. the internationaltraveries basically 2020, asaresoltofthecovid-19pandechasacidentally available the launchoftheinitiative.ofnote, ctgdfhasbeenfulfulengagedinlinesalesand
With newfounctionsthatinclude, butnotlicatedtothefollowings: personally implemented implementations
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but you're the only one who's been there for a long time.
The company providionlinechatsandhotlinesupportatores enquiries. anintegrated costomerialtyprogramedonmembershipswas
Super-member Days, socratedviawachatapp.
The campaign area is homeless, enjoying the world's luxury.
♪ Therestof 38 ♪ All rises ♪
He's a skin guard, he's on silver paper, he's a local tonicer.
The perfume house, the cerebral sonics, the alarms.
Food health care, cmbigm
2%/3.9% yoy.itrecoveredto73.3%of2019levels, Butwasstillreallylowamid
Theyajornalholidaysincimid-autumnandnationaldaydaynot 2020, 51% 54% though Highherthan 2021 fullyarvelsof.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just saying that I'm sorry, you know, the covidsituation hasbeenwellmanagedinchina, wherethethecovidcontorpolicy Tendstobecomemorexibleinortedimimizeunnecessaryhurtttttrafficflowand
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
lnyholiday (1.30-2.6) althoughchinaasmaintainediszero-covidpolicysofar.for instance, touristicrevenueandno.oftouristsinhainancamenim753mn/5.4mn, whenheno.oftravelersathaikoumairlanairportincreased 56.4% yooyandflight
40% bookingstohainangrew+oncrip.com.during30jan-5feb, the 10duty-free storeinhainanrecordsallesvalue/no.ofshoppers/no.ofunitspurchased/spendingpershopoffrmb1,980mn/278k/1.65mn/rmb7,127,+144%/+128%/
Ontheotherhand,injanuary,passengeflyhasrecoveredto 70%+vs2019inboth sanyaphoenixandhaikoumuelanairports,thatwomajorairportssinhainan.sanya phoenixhasalsoed2019leveintermssofon.offlights (meilanaatc.92%vs)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
80% +stimatedmarketshareontheisland. source: governmentwebsites, ccm source: hainangoverment, ccm
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I'm not providindidually tailed vesmentative.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
And/orconclusionsdiffrommethisreport. The publicsreffectiffentassumption, point-of-viewandanalyticalmethodswhencompiliation. & bigmmayake invesicisonsortorting proprietarypositationhatareinconstativewiththeothercommensionsorviewsinthisreport. & Bigmmayhaveaposition, makemarketsoractaciasppalotageintransactionsinsinsecuritiesofcompaniesreferredhisreportforitsselfand/oronbehalf
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicablerectionsunderfinrululesintendredtoensureth the alystinsnofoftaffordedbypostentialconfactsointerestthatcoultbourdofonserelibilityofothersearnreport.thethisportedffordforstoriedstates solelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof1934, anamended, andmaynetbefurnishtedtoanyotherofother
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Forcificent sofsisdocumentindicapore thisreportistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited (cmigmg) (companyregn.no.2017328/d), anexemptfincialanladvisersdefinedinthe financialadvisersact(cap.110)
Forignentities, affiliated grouporforeignresearchhousestainttoamarrangementundergradation 32 cof thefinancialdvisersregulations. wheretheotherportis distributedinsapoisonofpersonwhoisnostanacredideinvestor, expertinvesoraninstitutionalinvestor, asdefininedinthesecuritiesandfuturesact(cap.289) of singapore, cmgggacacaceptslegalrespansiabilityforthecontentsosecondtotheextentrequiredbylaw.singaproreccientsfundactactacts_cap.289)
And by the way, we're going to be able to get to the bottom of the list.