Highly recommended (first coverage) duty-free carrier, heading for global-China exemption (60188.sh) to cover the first report
Companies have led the development of the tax-exempt industry. Asian retail tourism markets are growing rapidly, and they are at the heart of the world ' s retail tourism market, with the largest number of free-market consumers.
In the broader context of rising consumption, there is a clear trend of outward and outward consumer reflows, driven by the effects of the epidemic and the narrowing of the price gap for luxury goods, both domestic and foreign, which has driven China’s tax-free market to a steady recovery and significant expansion. Tax-free licences are scarce within the country, barriers to entry in the industry are high, and the advantages of operating free of all licences are evident.
Companies focus on duty-free island, airport duty-free, municipal duty-free, and at the same time work abroad.
The company’s three duty-free offshore stores, with their pre-existing advantages, have been growing in size and have a strong leader. The US Airport II project, and the Sanya country, have been able to take advantage of the policy dividend.
The opening of the first phase of the International Free City, No. 2, and the airport of Milan, No. 2, will continue to boost tax-free performance from the island. Seagate International, which is expected to land in 2022, will interact with Sanya Bay to further expand the size of the company.
As the epidemic subsides, passengers are expected to recover, airport tax-free revenues will return to pre-epidemiological levels and continue to rise. Tax-exemption within companies flourishes, and will grow significantly in the future if policies are liberalized.
Opportunities. Taking advantage of the opportunities of internationalization, the company has six offshore tax-free shops in Cambodia and Hong Kong and Australasia, and operates two cruise duty-free stores that actively explore overseas markets, and future stock listings are expected to further enhance its international standing.
The company, as the leader of the tax-exempt industry, has a significant advantage in branding cooperation, supply chain management, and city capture, namely, "Change and sometimes industry warms again and again" 202. The future of the epidemic will be conducive to a revival of tourism retail trade and tax exemptions.
The industry is expected to grow in size, driven by the two-power drive of consumer upgrading and policy support, and is expected to grow rapidly and favourably.
In Henan Island, where there is a high rate of tax-free development, a wide space for macroeconomic volatility: repeated effects of the epidemic: changes in industrial policy.
The company’s main business covers tax-free, tax-free, tourism retail complex. The group has established long-standing and stable partnerships with more than 1,000 world-renowned brands around the world and is constantly committed to doing so.
The company, as the only tax freer in the country with full tax-free access, has established airports, airports, airports, and other facilities in more than 30 provinces, cities, autonomous regions (including Hong Kong, China, Macao, China) and Cambodia.
Borders, passenger terminals, railway stations, foreign ship supplies, diplomats, cruise ships and nine major types of duty-free shops in the city, with distribution channels covering large hubs in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hangzhou airports, as well as Asia-Pacific international airports such as Hong Kong, China and Macao, China, every year.
In June 2021, according to the World's Brand Laboratories' list of “China's 500 most valuable brands in 2021 (eighteenth), the company's “Medium Free Group” brand had a value of 96,291 million yuan, ranking first in the tourism service industry.
The company, formerly a tax-exempt office established by the China Tourism Service, set up its first tax-free shop in the country as early as 1979.
In 1984, with the approval of the State Council, the China Tax Free Goods Corporation was formally established, and since then a series of operations have been expanded and attempted, with the opening of the first intra-city tax-free shop, the Beijing tax-free shop, and the first border duty-free shop, the Black River tax-free shop.
Tax-exempt overseas procurement and distribution efforts; 1997 exemption of domestically produced goods for sale in duty-free shops; introduction of national products to Chinese tourists worldwide; 2005 exemption distribution system covering the entire country, consisting of four customs control logistics centres in Shenzhen, Shanghai, Qingdao and Dalian; 2006
For the first time, China established a marketing terminal in overseas markets, which led to a zero break in overseas markets. Reformed and opened up, thanks to national policy support, the Sino-China group moved into the fast track of development: a strategic reorganization with China International Travel Agency (CITI) to form a national travel group; and China covering all operations and assets of the Sino-China Group.
In addition, the China Free Group acquired tax-free operating rights at Beijing Capital International Airport, Beijing Dae-hing International Airport, Pudong International Airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport.
In mid-2020, the exempt group became the world’s largest tourist retailer, with a strong and strong leader in the competition pattern of domestic tax-exempt subjects.
Until 2016, the controlling shareholder was the State Finance Committee. In July 2016, with the approval of the State Finance Committee, the Group was reorganized with the Hong Kong Central Travel Group, which was incorporated into the Hong Kong Central Travel Group as its fully-owned subsidiary, and the shares held were transferred free of charge.
After that, the largest shareholders were changed to China Tourism Group Ltd. (53.3% shareholding). As a major State-owned enterprise directly managed by China and China, China Tourism Group operations cover six main areas and operations: travel services, travel investment and operations, tourism retailing, tourism finance, hotel operations, innovation hatching.
The rich tourism resources of the parent companies have strongly consolidated the dominant position in the industry. To address the competition of parent affiliates, travel agency operations were removed from the parent company in mid-2019, and 51% of the shares held by the parent company were injected into the company in 2020.
To this end, it focuses its operations on tax-exempt areas and becomes the only company with a major tax-free stock listing. While the process of listing such shares has been suspended due to the epidemic, as the global consumer market warms, it is hoped that it will facilitate the extension of the industrial chain and continue to expand overseas channels.
Board members have a wide range of backgrounds, including law, engineering, business administration, and accounting, in the area of tax exemption.
The chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Peng Fai, was released in July 1991 to provide strategic advice and formulate development plans for the group. Mr. Peng Fai has held several positions within the group, among others, as manager of the product department, general manager of the branch, assistant manager of the general manager and general manager of the tax-free marketing centre.
Mr. Chen Guoqiang, Director and Director General, is primarily responsible for the overall management and operation of the group. The tax exemption has been enriched, leading large-scale projects such as Tria Sea Bay.
Strategic deployments have been highly forward-looking over the years, and have been structurally stable. 1.4. Financial analysis: sustained growth in performance, good profitability. Companies are actively expanding their operations online, ploughing off the island ' s duty-free market, and their performance continues to grow at a high rate.
In 2019, corporate revenue grew from 22,390 million yuan to 47,967 million yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 28.91 per cent; net profit returns increased from 1,808 million yuan to 4,629 million yuan, with annual compound growth rates of up to the right, and companies achieved a relatively large increase in net profits from both collections and returns.
Detaching from tourism, the growth rate of revenue has declined more significantly, but the company's focus on tax-free products with a high Maori rate of retail sales has led to a higher net return profit of 49.58% compared to the previous year. In 2020, under the shock of the epidemic, the company continued to perform well, achieving business income of $52,597 million, an increase of 8.20% compared to the previous year; and achieving a return of 8.20%.
The net profit of the mother was $6.140 billion, an increase of 32.57 per cent. In the first quarter of 2020, the company suffered a severe setback in its tax-exempt operations, but in the second quarter the company adjusted its business strategy and actively expanded its operations online, and in the second half the company took full advantage of the policy opportunities for a tax-exempt New Deal in Hainan Island, where the tax-exempt business was greatly enhanced.
By 2021, q3, in the context of effective control of the epidemic, the company continued to work deep off the island ' s duty-free market, generating 49,499 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021 and $8,491 million in net repatriation profits, compared to 40.87 per cent and 40.87 per cent, respectively, in the same period in 2020.
After the outbreak, the net profit of the mother grew at a very high rate.
The new airport rental agreement resulted in a significant decrease in the cost of sales and a steady increase in profitability and net gains. From 2016 to 2019, the cost of sales rose steadily, from 8.07 to 31.07 per cent, mainly from the airport rentals that occurred on the company ' s M&A date and after the selection of several tax-free options.
In July 2020, Shanghai Airport signed a new airport rental agreement with Shanghai, Japan. Under the new rental calculation, the airport rent was significantly reduced, resulting in a reduced sales cost of 16.82 per cent.q3 by 2021, the cost of sales continued to fall significantly as a result of the new airport rental agreement.
The management fee rate for the Expatriate General House continued to fall from 4.74 per cent in 2016 to 3.11 per cent in 2020 and to 2.58 per cent in the first three quarters of 2021. From 2016 to 2019, the company ' s share of duty-free retailing increased significantly, resulting in the increase in the Māori rate, leading to net sales.
Interest rates continue to rise. q3 2020-2021, affected by the epidemic, companies actively expanded their operations online, sales of tax-free goods increased significantly, the share of tax-free goods sold by companies declined, and in the first half of the year, in response to the impact of the epidemic, companies engaged in more marketing activities, resulting in a decline in the Māori rate, but the cost of sales was substantial.
In the future, as the epidemic subsides, the promotion will gradually decrease, and the Māori rate is expected to rise. Rates are falling, and fees are well controlled.
Net interest rate hikes drive companies to continue to do so. In the case of the epidemic, companies to avoid shocks continue to do so. Dubon's analysis shows that there has been little movement in the turnover of company assets, and the rise in Roe is largely driven by increases in net interest rates, which will stabilize in the future as the epidemic progresses.
With the continued release of dividends from the new Henan Island tax-free deal, the restructuring of the company’s business strategy and the improvement of its management capacity, profitability is expected to improve further, contributing to the continued growth of roe and roic.
2.1. Asian tourism retailing has been growing rapidly, with a particularly impressive performance in my country. 2.1.1. Asian tourism retail markets have grown at a faster rate than the global average. Asia ' s retail tourism market is among the first to grow at a much faster rate than the global market.
Sales in the Asian retail tourism market rose from RMB 185.3 billion in 2016 to RMB 30.51 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 18.1 per cent similar to that in the rest of the world, and in the Asian retail market, which was also affected by the impact of the epidemic in 2020, sales fell to RMB 182 billion, compared to RMB 18.2 billion in 2020.
In 2019, the year-on-year change was 40.3%. As a result of good management of the epidemic in China and other parts of Asia, Asian tourism retail market sales fell significantly less than in the global market. Frost Sullivan forecasts indicate that Asian retail tourism markets are expected to reach $223.9 billion in 2021, compared to 2020.
Growth of 23.02 per cent over the same period; future Asian tourism retail market sales will increase by 331.4 billion yuan annually (24.1 per cent) and market size will be in the lead in the world. In the future, growth in the Chinese economy and good government policies across Asia will also further boost the Asian tourism retail sector
The share of duty-free goods is increasing, and Asia’s duty-free market is growing rapidly. Within Asia, tax-free sales grew from $95.7 billion in 2016 to $194.3 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 26.6 per cent, 19.3 pct higher than the annual compound growth rate of 7.3 per cent in the sale of tax-free goods in Asia during the same period.
The share of duty-free sales in retail markets for Asian tourism rose from 51.6 per cent in 2016 to 63.7 per cent in 2019, although the share of duty-free sales fell to $11.6 billion in 2020 as a result of the epidemic, changing from the same year in 2019 to 40.2 per cent, but good policies across Asia underpinned the tax-free industry in Asia.
Rapid recovery, according to Frost Sullivan’s projections, in 2021, duty-free sales in Asia will reach 1,443 countries, Thailand, etc., with a deep tax-free layout, adding Asia’s epidemic prevention and control to a relatively good global scale, and future growth in Asia’s duty-free markets will be dynamic.
2.2. China’s retail tourism market has been expanding, promoting a rapid expansion of the tax-free sector 2.2.1. China’s retail tourism market has expanded rapidly and the tax-free sector has been expanding.
In the future, the industry will recover and show a dynamic trend. The retail tourism market in mainland China grew from RMB 46.6 billion in 2016 to RMB 91 billion in 2019, with annual compound growth of 25.0%, and the retail tourism market in mainland China grew much faster than in Asia and the world.
In 2020, China ' s tourism industry and international tourism were affected by the epidemic, with retail tourism sales in mainland China amounting to $61.4 billion in 2020, a change from 32.5 per cent in 2019, but a decline of 29.1.7.8 per cent in global/Asian tourism retail sales over the same period.
It's good to see the impact of the epidemic on our duty-free market, thanks to our leading disease prevention and control policies in Asia and the world, as well as the tax-free industry that the government has put in place. According to Frost Sullivan, China's mainland tourism retail market is expected to sell 93.6 billion yuan in 2021, compared to 93.6 billion yuan in 2021.
The year 2020 saw an increase of 54.4 per cent; the future sales of tourism retail markets on mainland China will rise from 15.4 billion yuan in 2022 to 347.2 billion yuan in 2025, with an annual compound growth rate of 31.1 per cent, and will continue to recover as the epidemic calms and the measures to combat it progress.
Figure 13. Post-epidemiological growth in China’s tourism retail market pre-epidemiological sales are increasing, and the tax-free market has become an important part of the tourism retail market on mainland China.
The country’s tax-free sector has been rising globally. From 23.4 billion yuan in 2016 to 50.1 billion yuan in 2019, China’s continental tax-free sales grew by 28.8% annually, 7.9 pct more than China’s combined annual growth rate of 20.9% over the same period; and tax-free 2020.
The sale of goods fell to $32.9 billion due to the impact of the epidemic, a change from 2019 to 34.3 per cent, thanks to the strong control of the epidemic and the favourable policies of the country. In 2021, the tax-exempt market recovered. According to Floust Sullivan, in 2021, duty-free sales in mainland China will reach 55.1 billion yuan.
Figure 14. China’s share of duty-free markets has been rising year by year by year 2.2.2. China’s high rate of expansion of the luxury goods market, contributing to the rapid growth of the tax-free sector
The year was $316.2 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 9.2 per cent; as a result of the new crown epidemic, sales of the world-wide luxury goods market fell to $25.7 billion in 2020, changing from the year-on-year rate of 2019 to 18.6 per cent. In recent years, China has experienced rapid economic growth, rising per capita income, rising consumption levels and high-end consumption.
The number of households is growing. According to data published by the Hu Yun Institute, the number of households in the wealth/high net value/high net value/high international net value stage in 2020 was 511,202/13/86,000, compared with 1.4%/2.0%/2.4%/2.5% in 2019 respectively.
Market sales increased from RMB 1170 billion in 2016 to RMB 420 billion in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 37.6 per cent.
The size of the luxury goods market in the mainland region is expected to grow further, and there is much room for development in the future.
2.2.3. The epidemic catalyses a return to consumption, and the domestic market for luxury goods has expanded further. In recent years, travel abroad has been restricted by the impact of the epidemic, and demand for luxury goods has returned to the domestic market.
The gradual control of the epidemic and the continued addition of domestic tax-exempt policies, the growing number of luxury consumers turning their eyes to domestic markets, with domestic consumption of luxury goods rising from 32 per cent in 2019 to 70 per cent in 2020, according to the Bann Report on China ' s Luxury Market in 2020.
Consumption of luxury goods in China will reach 55% by 2025. The epidemic has triggered the return of consumer markets, allowing most buyers to choose to consume in the domestic luxury market, opening up a new pattern of growth in the size of China’s luxury market.
The category is highly related to the luxury goods sector, and in the future our tax-free sector development will be further advanced in the context of the rapid expansion of our luxury goods market.
2.3.1. The scarcity of licence plates creates significant industrial barriers The duty-free sector, as a monopoly retail sector of licence plates, is more driven by policy support factors, market concentration is high and barriers to entry are evident. Only 10 enterprises now have tax-free licences, each of which has tax-free licences.
For China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
2.3.2. The policy of continuous improvement and liberalization is conducive to the future development of the tax-exempt sector.
In 2003, the Ministry of Finance, the General Customs Administration and the General State Tax Administration issued the General Customs Administration of the General State Tax Administration of the Ministry of Finance and Finance on the expansion of tax-exempt products of China ' s General Corporation for Tax-Exempted Goods (Governance Group)
Notification on the scope of operations and simplification of tax refunds: in 2005, the Ministry of Finance issued the Scheme for the Payment of Tax-Free Commodity Concessions; in 2006, the General Customs Administration issued the Scheme for the Regulation of Tax-Free Shops and Tax-Free Goods by Customs of the People ' s Republic of China; in 2008, the General State Tax Administration issued the State Tax Administration on Exiting
Notice on value-added tax policy from the Port Free Shop; 2011 joint announcement by four ministries on the launching of the pilot of the Hainan Extr. Passenger Free Shopping Policy; 2016 publication by four ministries and the Ministry of Commerce on the Bulletin on the Duty-Free Port Entry Shop Policy: 2020, Ministry of Finance, Customs Administration, State
The Department of Taxation has issued a bulletin on the policy on duty-free shopping for passengers from Hainan Island. The New Deal 2020 is expected to provide a sustained release of policy dividends that will facilitate the growth of supply and demand in the domestic duty-free market.
Domestic and foreign passengers (including residents of Hainan Province) who leave Hainan Island by air but do not leave the island eased to 16-year-old railways and ship-to-ship passengers; the limit for outgoing visitors' shopping was changed from $5,000 per free shopping per person to $100,000 per free shopping per year, and the single item was cancelled
The tax-exempt quota of $8,000 for goods: At the same time, a wide range of consumer goods have been added to the off-island tax-free commodity paradigm.
In 2011, 18 years of age and over, by air, left Hainan island but not out of the country, retailly packaged infant formula powder, curry.
Foreign visitors, including residents of Hainan Province, 17 consumption items such as morphine, health food, household air purification, household medical equipment, etc.
2012: one person per person covered by the Flying Island tax-free goods 2017: railway departures at the age of 16
Residents of the island 2018: additions to the tax-exempt list 2016: persons per year per person
Family medicine 2017: shipwrecked over 16 years of age Passengers off the island
2018: per person per year 2020: increase in electronic consumer products, etc.? Consumers prefer commodities; restricted only
A single line of cosmetics, mobile phones and alcohol commodities is strong, with strong advantages, and the global retail tourism market is more concentrated, with nearly a 70% share concentrated in cr5.
The top five tourism retailers are: China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Norway, and Lagdell, and the RMB billion in retail proceeds (total income), which account for more than one fifth of the world ' s market share, and China, which has a prominent leader in the tax-exempt industry. In 2020, China, China, was exempt from the top five major domestic tourism trips.
Retailers rank first in tax-exempt income, with retail income reaching 30.4 billion yuan (tax-free calibre), with a market share of 92.3 per cent, the second and third rabbits accounting for only 3 per cent and 2.4 per cent, respectively.
Market enthusiasm for tax-exempt licences has increased, and several companies, including the UBP and the major business, have now applied for tax-exempt licences. The exemption has the most comprehensive scope of license plates and has a strong advantage in operating experience, channels, platforms, and products.
After that, it will remain strong, with full pre-eminence and scale effects, and will continue to lead the fast-growing tax-exempt business, which is strong, 3.1. Ex-island tax-exempt: good policy, and the company's three duty-free stores off the island.
In March 2011, the Ministry of Finance issued an announcement, multiplied by the Ministry of Finance.
Passengers are exempt from import duty for short, limited, limited and restricted amounts. Payment is made in duty-free shops where the off-island duty-free policy is implemented (hereinafter referred to as the off-island duty-free shop) and goods are removed from the island in the airport area of separation.
The tax-exempt store has been piloted, and the tax-exempt store in the city of Sanya has been operating as the country’s first off-island tax-free shop.
As of 2020, the tax exemption for Hainan Island has been extended to $100,000 per year, with no limit on the number of purchases, and the tax exemption has been extended from the original 18 to 45 varieties, with a steady increase in the variety of items; the shopping target has been adjusted from the age of 18 to the age of 18 by air.
In the future, along with the ongoing development of the Hainan Trade Zone, exemption from taxes on the island is expected to be more beneficial, and corporate performance has increased.
3.1.2. Tria Sea Bay: The largest single-body duty-free shop in the world, with bright growth in performance The Sanya International Free City in the Bay is the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world, with a wide range of operations. The Sanya International Free City, formerly known as the Seaton Bay Free Mall, was renamed the Third in September 2015.
The tax-free city of Asia and the Pacific is built by the United States Travel Group, which invests $5 billion in tax-free goods from China.