China has long-term growth potential, and consumption returns and the expansion of middle- and high-income groups have been the central driving forces. Our tax-free market is expected to grow in 22 years.
China is now the leader of duty-free retailing in China, and the size of the business is expected to be close to 100 billion yuan. Tax-free license plates are showing a trend towards liberalization, but they will maintain a limited pattern of competition, mainly based on the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco, alcohol, and perfume.
There is a clear preponderant advantage, with cities accounting for more than 90% in 20 years. Wholesale, retail, etc. of duty-free goods, such as chemicalization.
The onset of the epidemic, the recovery of the tourism industry, the growth of sales, long-term policy guidelines and the release of market dynamism, continued to be released as an absolute leader of the off-island duty-free operator, with companies expected to operate off-island operations as disclosed in the 2022-04-232021 annual report
In the first half of the year, the number of exits and exits was only 19.5 per cent for the same period in 19 years, and there was a huge scope for the recovery of exits and exits and the company had access to most of the country's ports.
The market’s opening-up policy to the country’s citizens is very wide: tax-free within the city, which is likely to lead to an improvement in the global epidemic and a full return to the country’s borders. Companies have set the stage for future performance releases by setting up duty-free shops in the country’s multiple markets or concluding cooperation agreements.
On the management side, the team of excellence in management leads the business on a continuous basis, with a strong shareholder background, and provides resources for the company’s development. On the supply chain, multi-brand collaboration and centralized procurement helped to improve product competitiveness, with companies and the world at the end of the 20th century nearly 1,000.
At the end of the year, 12 million members in graded systems combined with precision marketing added bricks to sales. In terms of channel building, online platform integration is beginning to work and is expected to contribute steadily in the future.
The first retailer of tourism, by way of acquisition, spreads over the world, bringing about a full increase in sales, product cooperation, purchasing costs, and operating capacity. It is also gradually opening up international markets, increasing the share of tax-free overseas channels, going to Hong Kong to market or making an effort to further expand overseas channels.
Prospective profits and investment ratings: companies have a leading advantage in duty-free markets and will fully enjoy industrial growth Research assistant Wei Woo-Hing
The wind of recovery began with a tax-free and tax-free domestic market in the blue sea, with China being the absolute leader.
China’s exemption is a national tax exemption. The company was formally established in 1984 and operates tax-free operations throughout the country. At present, the company is the only retail operator in China covered by the full tax-free system, covering ports and ports, off-island shops, inner-city stores, cruise shops, airline shops and foreign-ship shops, operating in more than 30 provinces, cities, autonomous regions, and so forth. In 2020, the company jumped to the top tax-exempt operator in the world.
The duty-free sector is a blue sea with long-term growth potential, and consumption returns and the expansion of middle- and upper-end income groups have become the nuclear engine that underpins the long-term growth of the tax-free sector. Fort Sullivan expects tax-free market sales to reach $94.4 billion and $138.5 billion in 2022 and 2023, a huge increase in the 1.1 duty-free sector consumption return space.
Our tax-exempt business started late, and there was a lot of room for consumption to return. Our tax-exempt operation began in 1979 with the reform and opening of the country’s tax-exempt market, owing to the low competitiveness of the country’s tax-exempt market, the severe outflow of tax-free consumption, the low sales of the domestic tax-free market, and its share in the global tax-exempt market, was less than 10%.
For billions of dollars, while the domestic duty-free market is selling at only about $50.1 billion, or 31.5 per cent at the same rate, domestic duty-free sales account for only 12.5 per cent of the global share, and duty-free consumption has a huge reflow space.
Tax exemption has taken on the burden of attracting a return in consumption. The Global Luxury Industries Study 2019 showed that the global market for personal luxury goods in 2019 was 281 billion euros, with Chinese consumers contributing 35 per cent and about 98.4 billion euros, of which only about 30 billion euros was realized in China and China.
Tax-free shops are an important channel for consumers, especially high- and middle-income groups, to purchase luxury goods. According to the survey of Chinese tourists in oliverwyman, about 37% of Chinese consumer consumption abroad takes place in tax-free shops, 29% of which take place in off-shore city/airfield duty-free shops, with only 9% of domestic tax-free stores selling and tax-free taking on the smoke.
A serious overseas epidemic has somewhat accelerated the return of consumption, and how to continue to improve the competitiveness of the domestic duty-free market is key. The severe offshore epidemic of 2020 provided a better development opportunity for the return of domestic duty-free consumption, with our duty-free market selling 32.9 billion yuan in size, as a proportion of the total.
In January-November, the South Korean tax-free market was about 91.8 billion yuan, of which foreigners accounted for 78.3%, while China was the main consumer for tax-free consumption in Korea, and the diversion of the South Korean tax-free market from domestic tax-free consumption was still evident. In the long run, the task of attracting tax-free consumer returns remained daunting, the domestic tax-free market remained a huge growth space, and how domestic tax-free markets could be made more competitive by means of abundance of goods, favourable prices, and good shopping experience.
In recent years, the state has put in place support policies to attract consumption back. In March 2020, 23 departments, such as the National Development and Reform Commission, launched a joint initiative entitled " Promoting consumer inclusion and accelerating the formation of a strong domestic market " .
In its implementation opinion, it is proposed that the tax-exempt industry policy will be further improved, with the introduction of the New Deal for Exemption from the Island as of 1 July, followed by an increasing number of duty-free operators from the Islands, etc., to attract consumption returns through policy guidelines and market liberalization. At the same time, domestic tax-exempt markets have become more competitive in the global duty-free market as domestic tax operators mature and become more dynamic, and new entrants have joined.
The prices of duty-free shops in various countries have found that domestic exemptions on some products have already created a clear price advantage, with some having the lowest price (within a comparable range of selections) and the domestic attractiveness of tax-free exemptions increasing. But it has also been observed that there is still a gap between domestic exemptions and international duty-free markets for such fine products as jewellery and box bags, and that there is scope for a much higher level of improvement in the future.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, China, China, 601888: Recovering winds, tax-free dragons, thousands of miles, figure 8: Global tax-free commodity price comparisons
Tax-free consumption is a major target group for duty-free consumption. In the case of duty-free consumption, which results in dry business or private entry or exit from the island, only consumers with business opportunities or tourism skills can become tax-free consumers.
According to the statistics of the Civil Administration, the number of people with passports in the country as of 2020 is estimated at 210 million, or 14.9% of the total population, which means that only a few citizens have the conditions to leave the country. The data from the Ministry of Human Rights and Tourism show that the number of people leaving the country is less than 1% of the total number of passengers travelling, indicating that only a few citizens have the opportunity to leave the country.
However, as the number of departures rises year by year (restricting the effects of the 2020 epidemic), the target group for duty-free consumption is gradually expanding. Figure 9: Only a few citizens have passports, while the tax-free consumer goods are mainly alternative consumer goods such as tobacco and alcohol, perfume products, bags, jewellery, etc., with some luxury attributes.
A higher rate, combined with taxable fees such as tariffs, excise taxes, and value added taxes, would have been about 36 to 297% higher than the price of the import tax (calculations are illustrated in the note below), making duty-free consumption more attractive.
The expansion of the middle- and high-income groups has provided the most basic ground for duty-free consumption, and the purchasing power of the countries under the common wealth policy goal is expected to rise gradually. In recent years, our middle- and high-class consumer groups have expanded, and the 2019 Hu Yue wealth report shows that middle-income families in mainland China have reached a level of income-free consumption.
Thirty-three.2 million households, including more than 10 million new middle-born households, and an increasing number of families in the middle class. The wealth report for 2020 shows that the number of rich households, high-net households and super-high-net households grew by 1.4 per cent, 2 per cent and 2.4 per cent respectively, respectively, compared to the same year, and the Central Finance Committee, in August 2021, released important information on shared wealth, citing “three distributions”, emphasizing “inclusive equity” and including “material and spiritual life”.
It is believed that the future advancement of “common wealth” will lead to a further increase in the share of our middle-income group, which will lead to an increase in the demand for alternative consumption and a long-term increase in the consumption of good options, especially tax-free consumption with a certain luxury content.
Our tax-exempt market has long been highly concentrated, and China’s tax-exempt business is in the position of absolute leader. Our tax-exempt business is based on a franchise model, i.e.
By issuing tax-exempt licence plates, the State grants certain enterprises the right to enter the industry, and has a “four-fold” policy of “uniform operations, integration of organizations, harmonization of retail prices and uniform regulation of regulations.” There are currently 10 participants in the duty-free market, including China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
While the share of the field was 83.7 per cent, in 2020 the market share of the company was further raised to 92.3 per cent after the acquisition of the sea, the company's predecessor, China Free Products Company, was responsible for “four unified” work for a long period of time under the principle of centralized management, occupied absolute leadership in the duty-free market and had a clear pre-emptive advantage in terms of its control and bargaining power over the market.
Figure 13: Domestic tax-exempt market patterns 2019 Figure 14: Domestic tax-exempt market patterns 2020 Tax-free license plates with a trend towards liberalization but general control are expected to create a limited competition situation in the future.
The issuance of three tax-exempt license plates reflects the gradual liberalization of the country’s tax-exempt license plates, which, through the introduction of new participants, has contributed to a moderate competition in the duty-free market, thus unleashing market dynamism. But, in the light of the history of South Korea’s tax-free license plates, which have become heavily liberalized, small and medium-sized tax-exempt enterprises continue to lose their profits.
At the same time, the advantage of size can lead to a concentration of market shares in the head, with the strong and the strong. East’s financial and intellectual booms. 2. Multichannel recovery, with companies reaping the dividends of growth in their industries.
2.1 Exemption from duty on the island: Domestic tourism recovery plus policy support for continuous release of aid channels The policy of duty-free access to the island continues to be relaxed and duty-free from the island has been growing. From 2011 we introduced duty-free off the island, which is becoming more dynamic as the exit pattern, the number and amount of purchases, and the policy restrictions on duty-free goods have widened.
Implementation began with a significant easing of the shopping quota, adding to the effects of the inability of the overseas epidemic to consume abroad, and a well blow-out increase in duty-free exits. In 2021, Hainan achieved a total of $60.17 billion, or +84 per cent, in the sale of the off-island duty-free shop, and met the previously set target of $60 billion. Of this amount, $50.490 billion was in duty-free sales and 5349 duty-free purchases, representing an increase of 83 per cent and 71 per cent, respectively.
Table 2: Changes in the core policy of duty-free off-islands, Figure 16: Continuing duty-free discharges from off-islands, Figure 15: High increase in duty-free sales from off-island policies
The East’s financial and intellectual boom has spurred tax-free penetration rates and unit prices to rise across the island. The New Deal has eased the limit on single and total purchases, adding to the abundance of commodities, with tax-free penetration rising from 4.53% in 2019 to 6.94% in 2020 and one in 2021.
In the near future, we believe that, with the introduction of high unit prices and the refinement of the brand matrix, the attractiveness of duty-free exemptions is expected to increase steadily, as well as the overall penetration rate and the price of passenger bills. In the short term, in the context of a better epidemic and a recovery in tourism, duty-free duty-free spending will continue. The impact of the epidemic on tourism in China remains high in 2021.
The South has a population of 81,043,000 people, an increase of 25.5 per cent over the previous year, which has returned to about 97 per cent in 2019 before the outbreak, but in the second half of the 21st year, the number of tourists in Hainan has fallen by 15.74 per cent over the same period, while the number of stayover visitors is only 74 per cent in 2020, and there is still much room for improvement. We believe that the liberalization of domestic travel will take place earlier than international travel, and that a short-term recovery in domestic tourism will lead to a further increase in the flow of South China, which will drive the island off the island.
In 2022, the Hainan provincial government reported that it managed to reach $100 billion in free shop sales, which, in proportion to 2021, would be about $83.912 billion, leaving the island with at least 66.7% of the growth space in 2022 if the target were to be met.
In the long term, policy guidelines and the release of market dynamism have led to tax-free and sustainable growth. In November 2021, the Hainan provincial government published the "14th Five-Year Plan for the Construction of an International Tourism Consumption Centre in Hainan Province, which aims to achieve the International Tourism Consumption Centre (IFC) by 2025.
By breaking $180 billion, duty-free trade from the island has doubled. Meanwhile, Hainan Province has continued to implement tax-free accompanying measures to increase the attractiveness of tourism shopping, and by introducing new participation to boost market dynamism, the island’s increased attractiveness and improved shopping experience will lead to a boom in the tourism market, thus providing a basis for tax-free sales growth.
To date, the number of duty-free businesses in China has increased. The number of duty-free businesses in China has increased to five. The offshore market has gradually moved to a limited competitive stage, with the licence-size advantage weakened, but China is still an absolute leader in terms of both the number and layout of duty-free shops and sales and the competitive advantage.
The first off-island tax-free shop; the opening of China's first tourism retail complex in Sanya in 2014, the Sanya International tax-free city, which is also the largest global single-store retail tourism complex; the acquisition of 51 per cent of the shares of the Sea Free Company in 2020 and further improvements in the layout of the off-island duty-free market; and the company's six duty-free shops covering the core areas of the three cities of Hainan Island to date, with a total area of operation of around the world.
The Department will continue to benefit from the dividends of tax-free growth off the island in the context of an improved tourism recovery and policy support.
Table 4: Out-of-island tax-exempt competition patterns The source of wealth and wisdom in the East provides incremental space around the island of Hainan. The T2 tax-exempt store at Seaport is 9933 square meters, which was in 2021.
On 2 December, the launch of the T2 terminal was synchronized with the opening of the international tax-free city complex at Haiguchi, which is expected to be officially opened in June 2022, with a total planned area of approximately 926,000 square metres, with a projected retail area of 150,000 square metres, which, if completed, will go beyond the San Asia International tax-free city to become the largest retail tourism complex in the world.
Starting operations, with an estimated total construction area of 76.5 million square metres, more high-end luxury brands will be introduced.
2.2 Duty-free ports: The gradual opening of entry and exits will lead to a revival of the channels. The duty-free channels at the ports are one of the most important types of duty-free channels, such as airports, land borders or railway stations, cross-border bus stations and ports.
In 2019, duty-free access to ports was 34.2 billion yuan, or 68.26% of the country’s tax-free market, the largest tax-free channel, with a combined increase of 29.4% over the three-year period 2016-2019. The airport’s tax-free channel has the largest and more important passenger flow.
With only 67 million people entering and leaving the country a year, 19.5 per cent of the same period in 2019, out of which 1.224 million residents of the interior, or 0.9 per cent of the same period in 2019, the total volume of duty-free sales at the 2021 domestic ports fell by 83.2 per cent to $5.7 billion on the same basis, and the overall level of duty-free access is seriously affected by the epidemic. If the global epidemic is brought under effective control, the opening of borders will lead to the gradual release of cross-border commercial travel and tourism needs.
The number of incoming passengers is expected to recover on a continuous basis, and duty-free access to ports offers great scope for recovery. Figure 23: Change in the share of duty-free sales at our ports
China ' s middle-level exemption (601888). The wind of recovery is rising, and the tax-free long-range long-distance long-range exits from the country ' s extensive distribution of duty-free channels will fully benefit from the recovery of duty-free border crossings. According to the latest data released by the Ministry of Justice, the company operates 126 customs-free shops, 60 of which are located at the airport, 46 at the land border, and 20 at the border.
In other locations (train stations, cross-border bus stations, ports, etc.), the vast majority of the country’s border-free resources are available. The company’s size is the cornerstone of the border exemption system.
In Shanghai, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
New ports continue to be opened, and markets restored after entry and exit are made available. In the aftermath of the epidemic, the channels of entry and exit continue to be expanded and the network of retail outlets strengthened, for example.
In the future, companies will continue to bid for tax-free shop concessions for first-line and second-line cities and other major city ports in order to consolidate access to resources and enhance competitiveness. Companies have an absolute advantage in branding cooperation, purchasing scale, operating management, etc.
The team has established a bid project management mechanism that will contribute to the realization of the bid for a new duty-free shop at the new port. 2.3 Within the city, tax-free: once entry and exit have been fully restored, intra-city shop policy is expected to land. Tax-free channels within the city are more important in the international duty-free market, and there is still much room for development in the country.
In 1979, the Korean government allowed its domestic tax-exempt operators to carry out tax-exempt operations within the country, creating a tax-exempt policy within the city, which was gradually developed into the country's largest duty-free distribution channel in 2019, with sales amounting to 85%. At present, our tax-exempt duty-free city can be divided into two specific forms, one being a tax-exempt store for returnees and one being out of the city.
Tax-exempt shops. Due to a combination of factors, such as more restrictions on shopping conditions and tax-free rates, and more competitiveness of duty-free shops in the city, tax-free channels in our city have been developing slowly, with a lower share of the entire duty-free market.
In March of this year, the "Observation opinion on the promotion of consumer expansion and the acceleration of the formation of a strong domestic market" proposed that the policy of tax-free shops in the city be further refined; the "14th Five-Year Plan" proposed the improvement of the policy of duty-free shops in the city and the planning of the construction of a number of duty-free shops in China's special cities; and the adoption of policies to encourage the development of tax-free shops in the country's various provinces and cities, and to promote cooperation with many tax-free operators.
There's still time for the launch, probably with a total improvement in the global epidemic, and a return to the land after the arrival and exit of the country. The source of financial prosperity in the East, China (601888).
Intra-city tax-free channels have a unique competitive advantage over intra-port duty-free channels, and if the policy is liberalized, there will be great room for growth. (1) In-city tax-free shops have a larger area of business than airport duty-free shops, which will enable them to be equipped with more brands and goods to satisfy (2) short-term purchases that can be made only before or after boarding a port duty-free shop.
(c) Tax-free shops in the city are usually chosen in urban centres where traffic is convenient and there is sufficient time and space to provide customers with tacking attempts, which greatly enhances the shopping experience and further increases the purchasing conversion rate;
(4) Compared to the high deductions from airport duty-free shops, the average rent in the city’s tax-free shops is relatively lower, at the same level as in the larger malls, and the rent-free cost of the owner’s property in the public domain would greatly enhance the profitability of companies. China’s exemption from duty-free shops in many parts of the country or from cooperation agreements, is expected to fully benefit from the development dividends of policy landings in the future.
There are six municipal duty-free shops in the country and four overseas.
At the same time, the company has entered into strategic cooperation agreements with several cities in various provinces of the country to pre-empt tax-exempt channels in the city, and once the policy is liberalized, it is expected to enjoy the full benefits of the policy dividend.
Table 8: Pre-arrangement of tax-exempt channels within the city with multi-point strategic cooperation agreements 3. Full-scale improvement of operational capacity and creation of core competitive advantages is essential for duty-free operators to improve market competitiveness in the context of a gradual erosion of licensing advantages.
The executive management team has an excellent strategic vision and extensive business management experience in the tourism retail industry, and the senior management team has an average of 20 years of service.
Three years have been selected by the global retail tourism authority impurities as the annual tax-free industry figure, with managers of the line of business joining the company earlier, with a wealth of professional experience and stronger managerial competencies. By the end of 2020, the company had directly employed 14,000 employees, 20.9 per cent of whom had a major undergraduate or higher degree, and 45 per cent had more than three years of industry experience.
Table 9: An excellent and experienced management team, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
China Central Free (601888): The winds of recovery are rising, and tax-free dragons, long-term soldiers, deputy general managers, board secretaries.
China’s tourism group is the company’s first-largest shareholder, holding 53.3% of the public sector’s shares as of the first half of 2021. China’s tourism group now forms the Chinese brigade, the Chinese brigade’s investment, the Chinese brigade’s tax exemption, the Chinese brigade’s hotel, the Chinese brigade’s finance, and the Chinese brigade’s capital.
China’s largest tourist industry, controlled by the National Investment Commission, has developed in synergy with the development of the six major business portfolios. Corporate shareholders have a strong background, and the Department of Corporate Control has been instrumental in the acquisition and expansion of new projects: China’s travels cover a wide range of areas, such as tourism, hotels, and financial investment, while other business segments can also provide resources to the tax-free business sections and contribute to the development of tax-exempt operations.
Figure 29: Corporate equity structure chart 3.2. Continuous improvement of the supply chain system to build strong operational capacity. Operational capacity is closely linked to the level of integrity of the overall supply chain. The overall duty-free supply chain includes procurement, customs clearance, warehousing and logistics.
The effective functioning of multiple links, such as inventory management, ensures that companies operate more efficiently and at lower operating costs.Figure 30: Trade chain systems for duty-free operations provide a solid basis for multi-brand cooperation and centralized procurement to improve the competitiveness of product markets.
By the end of 2020, the company had established partnerships with nearly 1,000 world-renowned brands, including 111 perfumed brands, 155 fashion and apparel brands, 467 tobacco and alcohol brands and 213 food and other brands, selling more than 200,000 skus.
From 2018 to 2020, about 11%, 11% and 5.9% of the goods procured by companies were domestic and the rest were foreign. For most foreign products, companies purchased directly from the country of origin or origin, if not possible.
At the same time, companies have 180 professional buyers with an average of 11 years of experience in the luxury goods industry, ensuring the supply of high-quality products. Long-term multi-brand cooperation and large-scale centralized procurement can enhance the company’s supply chain advantages, while branders are willing to offer more discounts.
Reducing procurement costs and increasing the price competitiveness and profitability of the company’s products; on the other hand, branders are more willing to give priority to meeting the company’s demand for best-selling products and to enhancing the competitiveness of the company’s products in international markets. At the same time, straight-line models can guarantee product quality as much as possible, helping to build a robust brand image that enhances customer recognition and satisfaction.
In terms of storage and logistics, the company has built seven nationwide operational requirements in Dalian, Qingdao, Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Sanya and Hong Kong.
The Logistics Centre, which is supervised by the General Customs Administration, is the only free logistics delivery system in China that covers the entire country, and is currently building a new area at the mouth of the sea with the support of an advanced warehousing management system that allows for the consolidation of all orders and close monitoring of the order execution process and guarantees the accuracy and efficiency of every link in the process from the confirmation of purchase orders to the delivery of goods by logistics service providers.
The entire supply chain system, supported by digitalization and information systems, further boosts the efficiency of operations. Companies have specialized modular data analysis and planning capabilities around key business lines for sales. The digital warehouse management system allows companies to closely monitor the movement of goods in the supply chain.
The duty-free online reservation platform allows for the integrated operation of online and offline operations and, through continuous digital upgrading, improves the accuracy of decision-making and management efficiency, achieves precision marketing and improves operational efficiency.
The company completed the deployment of a centralized crm system in February 2021 and consolidated the various membership systems into an integrated membership system, with independent tax-exempt members automatically becoming tax-exempt members of China and their membership status recognized by the entire tax-free marketing network. As the company’s membership system is well developed and its online sales channels are expanding rapidly, the number of members of the company continues to grow.
From 400,000 in 2018 to 12 million by the end of 2020, the complex membership system has grown by 54.7%, optimizing the customer’s shopping experience, raising consumer appetite, and promising to boost the price of passenger bills and repurchase rates while increasing sales.
China ' s middle-class exemption (601888). The recovery winds are starting, and the tax-free system of members is combined with precision marketing, and big data analysis is promoting sales growth in reverse. The company has established a five-level membership system that corresponds to different privileges and preferences.
The company is also actively promoting VIP services to fully exploit the consumption potential of high-end customers and to boost sales. At the same time, it is using big data analysis and artificial intelligence technology to analyse and determine consumer preferences and assess changes in market demand trends, thereby promoting effective selection and boosting sales growth.
In the context of seasonal changes, companies actively organize multiple marketing promotions, such as free shopping festivals for the New Spring, 618 promotions for the Middle China South Island, free shopping festivals for the Middle China South Island, and the end of the year for the Middle China South off the Island. Multi-media marketing promotes increased brand visibility and influence through multi-channel marketing. Companies engage in marketing activities on platforms such as microblogging, micro-mails, mini-red books, tremors, etc.
In 2019, the company set up a new retail business department to accelerate the process, including the north.
Each year, affected by the epidemic, the company shifted its focus to the line of work, actively fostering new business practices, such as cdf member purchases, creating multi-platform patterns, such as daily, cdf member purchases, and Hainan tax exemptions. During the first half of 2021, the company worked to promote business integration on the line, with the company actively developing a platform for online integration in order to achieve integrated planning and operationalization of business on the line.
Figure 32: Overview of China ' s online platform/sub-programs. Source of Eastern financial intelligence.
The entry points for each of the main platforms are aggregated and can be accessed; members buy points for use on the platform as a whole; access links to other platforms are made available on some platforms, such as access to the micro-procedure interfaces on the medium- and free-of-the-clock basis. There are still areas where full access is not achieved: if the goods of the different platforms are not connected, the product may be displayed on one platform but not on another platform.
Different from the platform’s delivery address: prices and discounts vary slightly from one platform to another. Overall, there is a degree of integration of the company’s online platforms, which facilitates consumer switching between platforms and the flow of different platforms, but there is still room for further convergence between goods and prices.
Figure 33: Cdf members buy platforms, which combines links to major platform portals. The sale of tax-based goods on-line platforms has become an important part of corporate revenue collection, which is expected to continue to stabilize as the platform’s integration moves forward.
This has led to a significant increase in the sale of taxed goods, which has become an important part of the company’s revenue collection. While goods purchased through cross-border power providers are more expensive than duty-free goods (including taxes), they are still lower than general distribution channels such as cabinets, and if there is a build-up of irregular marketing activities, commodity prices are even lower.
The surrogate price, and the preservation of quality, is more attractive. We believe that online consumption habits have been largely nurtured, and that the integration of multi-line platforms will lead to a step-by-step increase in market-based management of online operations, will help to further improve the quality of service and shopping experience of online operations, will continue to attract duty-free consumers from abroad/islands to supplement or not be able to purchase duty-free goods, and will be expected to continue to contribute a steady income to companies.
4. In view of the long-term growth of companies, the expansion of globalization has opened up the growth ceiling, and while China has become the world ' s largest tax-free operator, it has benefited in part from a severe overseas epidemic and from better control of the domestic epidemic, with companies still falling short of leading international tax-free operators in terms of branding cooperation, global pipeline development, supply chain development, profitability and so forth.
From where we look at China’s medium- and long-term development path by looking at the world’s leading tourism retailer, Duffry is the world’s leading tourism retailer. Duffry (Duffury), founded in 1865 and based in Basel, Switzerland, pre-epidemiologically the highest global retailer.
The company’s most core tax-free channels, with revenue from channels reaching 88% and 86% in 2019 and 2020, and the company’s share of the world’s airports is close to 20%. Airport channels bring a large and stable flow of passengers to the company, but higher airport rental costs also affect the company’s profitability to some extent.
The Asia-Pacific region is a strategic growth area where companies have expanded significantly in recent years, providing core growth dynamics for companies. The East’s source of wealth and wisdom, Duffry, has expanded its market share globally by means of acquisitions.
In 2008, the company acquired Hudson, a United States tourist retailer, to supplement food beverages, spices, fashion items, etc., as well as 550 shops in 69 airports and transport hubs in the United States and Canada: in 2012, the columbianemeralds and hdfs, to supplement fashion, luxury goods, etc., and expanded their use in Greece, the Caribbean, Central America and Norway.
By the end of 2020, companies were operating more than 470,000 square metres of retail stores in 64 countries around the world. Through the global spread of land, the company’s product class was expanded.
Global M & As Road 39:Duffry, Figure 40: Duffry Global Layout
Global expansion has led not only to higher sales for companies, but also to a full rise in brand collaboration, procurement costs, and operational capacity. The dufry group generated more than 10% of business income before the epidemic than the global market, an absolute tourism retail leader, with a higher share of the market giving them a stronger bargaining power, and a more benign partnership with suppliers.
A window for globalization shows opportunities and helps them to promote marketing, with good partnerships between the two sides; more than 50,000 products sold by companies, with higher procurement costs, and companies working closely with brands to jointly launch promotional activities, among others, the source of financial prosperity in the East
East Hing Securities Insight Report (601888), China’s middle class: The wind of recovery is rising, with tax-free and tax-free long runs providing customers with a good shopping experience. Full branding, preferences, and prices, as well as greater operational capacity, will enhance the competitiveness of firms’ markets, thus increasing the competitiveness of firms’ markets.
China’s market is still heavily concentrated in the domestic market, but in recent years it has gradually opened international markets around the Asia-Pacific region, and offshore tax-free channels have opened municipal duty-free shops in Angkor, Sihanouk City, and Phnom Penh in August 2016, and Hong Kong International Airport in 2017 and August 2019, respectively.
In June 2018, the company opened a tax-free shop at Macao International Airport. To date, the company owns eight overseas tax-free shops (including two cruise shops). Tax-free overseas channels have become an important part of corporate revenue collection. In 2019, the company’s offshore tax-free shop hosted a total of 25.6 million tourists, generating operating income of $4.039 billion, or 8.4 per cent of the total; and in 2020, the number of visitors affected by the epidemic dropped to a low level of 8.4 per cent.
In June 2021, the company issued a circular stating that it intended to go to Hong Kong, and that the collection of funds was intended to be used to open domestic and foreign tax-free channels and to improve the extension of the industrial chain and the supply chain.
The company plans to seize the opportunities of development in the port of Hong Kong, Australia, and further focus on hot tourist destinations for Asians, looking for opportunities at the hub.
For countries that do not allow foreign operators to set up tax-free shops directly, companies plan to expand through a model of tax-free management of export services and cooperative supply operations, gradually penetrate local markets, with a view to further deepening their cooperative capacity. The Asia-Pacific region’s short-term main objective, or for companies to expand abroad, is likely to achieve a global profile in the long term.
In the short term, the Asia-Pacific region offers better development opportunities and a more favourable market environment for corporate growth. Looking at the global retail tourism market, the Euro-American region has a long history of tax-free business, which has evolved from a high-growth phase to a mature and stable phase, with a relatively low overall growth rate; Asia-Pacific markets are still growing at a high rate, and competition patterns across duty-free markets are still not fully stable, with opportunities for integration.
The region’s ethos and ethos are closer to our country and more conducive to business expansion by companies, which in recent years have also preferred Hong Kong, Australia, and Cambodia, in South-East Asia. So, in the short term, the Asia-Pacific region or the main battleground for the global expansion of companies.
After that, competition has intensified, and M&A integration has become more frequent, and in the light of its development history, global duty-free markets will enter a long-term competitive phase, with globalized business expansion and stable market shares as a necessary route to international leading tourism retailers. Meanwhile, Western duty-free markets, while growing relatively smoothly, still have a larger absolute market share, which can continue to contribute stable revenues to companies and be able to do so on a continuous basis.
In contrast to the Asia-Pacific region, where the retail tourism markets in Europe and America are relatively market-oriented, tax-free concessions are mostly obtained through competitive bidding, policy barriers are relatively low, and they are more likely to impede competition from other duty-free operators. The company’s short-term overseas expansion is expected to further enhance its purchasing, operating, and marketing capabilities, among other things, and will serve as a firm.
Our tax-free industry is blue, with long-term growth potential, and consumption returns and the expansion of middle- and high-end income groups are central drivers of long-term growth in the tax-free sector. China’s exemption from duty-free leadership as a whole, with short-term attention to the tax-exempt and continuous release of off-island revenues from domestic tourism recovery, is an option.
With the rapid growth in corporate sales, long-term cooperation with multi-brands and large-scale centralized purchases have led to a growing supply chain advantage, a hierarchical membership system and multiple marketing strategies have added bricks to sales, and online platform integration has begun to work and will continue to expand.
Macroeconomic fluctuations, over-expected policies, domestic epidemics, increased tax-free competition from the island.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, China's Middle-Congregation (601888): The wind of recovery is rising, the tax-free dragons are running for miles, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, 601888.
Wei Wooming Assistant, who is mainly responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, electricity, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
You will be responsible for the study of hotels, restaurants, educators, local life, medical education, and the like.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.