Treasure letter software (600845.sh) Net profit from non-repatriation of $942 million, an increase of 6.82 per cent over the same period, net operating cash flow, full layout of high-end automated products and steady progress of operations
According to the company announcement, in 2022, q2 quarter revenue was 2,465 million yuan, resulting in a net return to the mother 536 million yuan and a 17.73 per cent increase in the ring. In the first half of 2022, the software development industry, faced with the serious situation of the Shanghai epidemic, fully exploited the "one headquarters multi-base"
Systemic advantages to ensure that multiple major projects are delivered on schedule; market openings, where many smart-making, pooling, master package-epc priority projects have been signed in full; and utilization of information technology capabilities during the epidemic
China is actively supporting the development of nucleic acid codes and square compartments, building on the Internet platform of industry, promoting differentiated competitive advantages in the fields of intellectual environmental protection, water services and emergency response, and providing life-cycle services and holistic solutions to the industries involved.
During the two-carbon era, companies, as information high-tech companies and national producers of software under the umbrella of China, advanced national strategies such as “New Capital”, “Industrial Chain Security”, and “Self-controlled” around key core technologies, national production substitution and cracking industry “crickets” challenges, and continued to scale up research and development investments and move forward across the board.
Nationally owned and controlled high-end control systems have been scaled up, industrialized, and able industries have become intelligent.
Figure 1: Company quarterly collection and speed increase.
In the future, as the company's “soft-to-hard” integrated layouts continue to expand, it will become more automated.
Informationization, industrial Internet platforms as core intelligent manufacturing operations are expected to provide a significant increase in the Māori ratio of corporate software development, while, under the double carbon policy, the scarcity of corporate core idc engine room resources is becoming increasingly evident, profitability is expected Industrial Internet operations continue to advance with the introduction of the "Bolo" robot brand
\triangleright launched the autonomous industrial Internet platform xin3plate in January, while advancing the development of the big data "5s" component and completing the demonstration project of the Iron Smelting Interconnected Intellectual Control Platform (HBIMP); Bianwu established the China Bianwu Institute of Internet Research and China in early 2021
Based on years of strong research and development power in the field of industrial software and professional experience in the steel industry, the company has developed autonomous industrial networking platforms and artificial intelligence hubs, with iplat and eplat as two wings, and has actively built an Internet biosphere for the steel industry.
New growth paths have opened up a wider development space for future development. In recent years, the Bosin industry Internet platform has continued to serve as a “double-cross” platform of the Panchayat, with a steady increase in rankings; companies have accelerated industrial Internet platform research and development and cross-industry and cross-domain industrialization, building a new Xln3plat nuclear Xo, supporting a combinable structure; and introducing autonomous national production for research and development.
Iiplat-ba, industrial automation software, which fully meets the intellectual monitoring and process control needs of industrial sites; release of the first version of the network component, which completes the deployment of low code components; generation of real-time data collection and processing capabilities; development of the capacity of marginal models to accelerate push, schedule solver, cloud issues, etc.; launch of the "Bolo" robot brand, with 10,000 "Bolo" induction plans
As an opportunity to create an autonomous and controlled “Boloyan platform” based on the Bounty Industries Internet platform. > > Release large plc products from the metallurgical industry, smart-manufacturing taps ready for launch. > > After 10 years of research and development, the company officially released large plc products from the metallurgical industry in July 2021.
The release of the product is of strategic importance and is equivalent to proof that the company is already at a leading level in the field of industrial and industrial software in the country. In terms of two dimensions: 1) the large plc threshold is high: the large plc is very demanding for stability, it is important to have customers willing to accept, in addition to the technical difficulties, and the large plc market share of the country is largely captured.
In the hands of Euro-American companies like Siemens and Schneider, the plc industry is relatively mature, the general enterprise is not willing to change plc easily because of its business stability. For the Xin, the Xin Wu became a natural customer for the development of the Xinplc product. Ten years of tests have proven the unique competitive power of the Quest; 2) the steel metallurgy industry has a high plc threshold: in all cases
In the industry, the steel metallurgical industry plc has the highest requirements for accuracy and stability, and in the case of the Treasure, the ability to do the steel metallurgical industry plc means the ability to expand across industries. The release of the large plc in the Treasure Iron and Steel industry is proof of its own industrial software power, the future company will expand its space in a “one-way-by-the-way” way, and its product series will expand vertically.
idc has a unique capacity, a national core of cards, and a great potential for expansion, which we clearly stress in our depth report, The Long-term Valuable Values of New Capital Dragonheads from Three Predictable Differences.
Markets usually attribute the reasons for the success of the Treasure in idc to a single endowment of resources, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the Division's unique idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”. 1) Seen from resource endowments, companies have unique resource advantages in terms of land, water, electricity, energy consumption, etc.; 2) labour.
In terms of software capabilities, the company is the only one in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (with an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the city to be computerized in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development), and it gives the company excellent cost control, robust maintenance, and a high-quality engine room.
It is highly recognized by Shanghai’s city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. The company’s strategic development approach is clear, and it insists on a self-building model that sustains a diversified range of high-quality clients on the front line, while at the same time developing a large customer base business with a strong potential for expansion and profitability.
\triangleright, a hard-tech leader of the scarce deep layout of the country, "Intelligent Manufacturing+Industrial Internet+idc Cloud Compute", has long-term certainty and a firm view of the long-term development space of the company. The company's net profit is expected to be 2,234 million in 2022-2024, respectively.
\triangleright idc built and bought less than expected, recommenced and under-developed 5g, and became a member of the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep coverage of smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc
Industrial chains, cable & telecommunications new energy chains, smart automobile & smart grid industrial chains, 5g industrial chains, etc.
Qui-yang, Master of Engineering, Beijing University, Software Engineering. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021, doing research work in the communications industry, covering areas such as smart manufacturing, vehicle cameras, vehicle connections, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.