Cash flow improvement is clear. Smart manufacturing +idc continues to drive growth. Treasure software (600845.sh) 24/08/2022
• Smart creates a high profile, maintains a “buy-in” rating, is a leading domestic firm in the field of smart manufacturing and idc, and is expected to continue to benefit from BMW merger restructuring and opportunities for intellectual manufacturing upgrading, as well as from the national expansion of idc. We maintain pre-existing profit projections.
• Events: The company released its mid-2022 report, with significant improvements in cash flows. The company released its mid-2022 report, which generated operating revenues of $4,962 million, an increase of 182 per cent (after adjustment);
The significant improvement in the gold flow is mainly due to the company's continued and enhanced management of operating funds, the increased collection rate of operations and the prospect of long-term benefits from the BMW Smart Manufacturing Wave, which, as the only industrial software supplier under the umbrella of BMW, is expected to continue to benefit from the BMW merger and reorganization.
On March 28, the company announced that in 2022, the related party revenue was expected to be 51% of IT companies. We believe that this merger will help avoid peer competition, reduce the company’s associated costs of doing business in Taiwon, raise the regional market rate, and increase the company’s growth logic.
"The cash flow has improved considerably, and the long-term benefits of the Bo Wuji Treunidc national layout have continued to progress, waiting for the release of performance to create a wave of corporate information updates."
In the first half of 2022, the Rhodes Base IDc Five project was in its advanced stages, and it is expected that the future roll-out rate will continue to rise. At the same time, the company Nanjing Base Market Planner was active.
The first phase of the project has accelerated, and the national layout of the Treasure Cloudidc industry has steadily advanced.