Treasure letter software (600845.sh) -- 2022 in the ratings, revenue increases affected by the epidemic, Māori increases are evident.
In the first half of 2022, the epidemic had a greater impact. The 2022h1 company achieved income of $4.962 billion, which increased by 1.82 per cent under the same comparable calibre, as a result of the merger last year and the flying of Machiko. In the first half of the year, the company achieved revenue of $277 million (-6.10 per cent) from the 2022h1.
Income increased by 231 per cent. The net return to the mother earned $991 million (+5.34 per cent) in the first half of the year, which led the company to secure scheduled delivery of a number of major projects through long-range, coordinated and multi-positioned redeployments; and multiple projects of intelligence-making, clustering and master-packed pec priority.
The increase in the Māori rate is marked by a resurgence of idc income growth. 2022h1 has a Māori rate of 36.17%, of which the q2 Māori rate is 39.97%, the highest Māori rate in a single quarter of recent years. The UJC influences the caliber mainly in the software development category, with business income from software development and engineering services at 34.77 compared to last year’s revenue.
One billion yuan (+6.49 per cent), operating income from outsourcing of services of 1,426 million yuan (+9.69 per cent) and system integration of 48 million yuan (+54.84 per cent). Of this amount, the Māori rate for software development was 31.80 per cent, an increase of about 4 percentage points compared to the corresponding increase in the share of owned products; we believe that third-party products are better than third-party products.
The company’s revenue growth in the first half of the year has been limited, to a certain extent. The revenue from outsourcing of services has grown faster, and idc is moving ahead with the planned five-phase construction of the Rao Base, with a five-phase uphill growth.
The strategic transformational development strategy, which promotes high-quality corporate growth, is scalding and strategizing. The Bo-Sin software (600845.sh) -- a steady quarterly growth, continuous integration of steel information, smart manufacturing orders remain strong, with links trading guidelines reaching more than 9 billion at the beginning of the year.
After the launch of the large-scale autonomous plc product for the high-end equipment needs of the metallurgical process, the company launched the "Bolo" machine, Treasure Software - 600845-2021 Quarterly Review: Keeping the high growth in performance,
Under the two-carbon strategy, the company is constantly strengthening its existing operations, processes, and installations for steel processes.
To provide a digital energy-saving abatement solution that supports green low-carbon metallurgy in its entirety. Treasure letter software - 600845 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Breaking through large plc, 10-year R & D filling Investment proposal: Keeping the "buy-in" rating.
The epidemic has had a significant impact on q2, but the quality of the income has improved. Single q2 shows that, as a result of the epidemic, the company earns hundreds of millions of yuan (2.61%). As a company in Shanghai, the epidemic has had a negative impact on project implementation, but the overall quality of the revenues has improved and the Māori rate has risen significantly. As the company recovers gradually in the second half of the year, it is expected that it will return to comparison.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject