Performance increased at a pace commensurate with expectations, and cash flows continued to increase at a high rate 23 August 2022 Event Summary: Treasure Letter software released its semi-annual 2022 report on 23 August 2022,
\triangleright 2022h1 achieved operating income of RMB 4,962 million, an increase of 1.82 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of RMB 991 million, an increase of 5.34 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-return to mothers of RMB 942 million, an increase of 6.82 per cent in the same year; cash flow from operations
Net, 1.73 billion yuan, an increase of 38.23 per cent over the same period, companies continuously strengthening their operating capital management, operating their receipts, upgrading industrial Internet platforms, and using their leverage to reduce emissions. Companies are constantly accelerating industrial connectivity \triangleright
Web platform R & D and cross-practice, cross-cutting industrialization, building a new Xin3plat Xo, supporting a co-opportunity structure; introducing an autonomous national industrial basic automation software, iplat-ba, to fully meet the intellectual monitoring and process control needs of industrial sites. The company relies on cooperation with the Chinese Institute of Industrial Internet Research, among others.
The establishment of a joint two-carbon innovation laboratory to continue the “two-carbon” study to produce the first carbon peak industry benchmark; in addition, the company has vigorously promoted intelligent manufacturing to provide digital energy-saving abatement solutions for the operations, processes and equipment involved in the current phase of the steel process; and, with regard to energy-saving emission reductions, the company has actively promoted the development of a carbon management platform.
Lines to improve the accuracy and completeness of carbon data by means of informatization to support green low-carbon metallurgy across the board. Core technologies are breaking through, and Treasure Clouds are building up steadily.
The research assistant, Zhao Xiao, coordinated a study of key intelligent technologies in the iron and steel “industrial brain”, focusing on national production plc, digital twin, s010121050047.
Data governance, artificial intelligence, and intelligent hardware technology. Since last year’s release of large-scale, autonomous plc products aimed at the high-end equipment industry needs of metallurgicals, companies have further refined their industry-based teams and supply chain systems to meet the needs of business-scaling development, seeking to broaden the application landscape of the company’s products and improve their competitiveness;
Industrial robotics have a high profile, and companies have launched the "Bolo" robot brand, using the 10,000 "Bolo" induction plan as an opportunity to create a self-controllable "Boloyan Platform" based on the Treasure Industries Internet platform, and to achieve the "BioCun" software (600845.sh) reporting in the first quarter of 2022.
Integration with the depth of the Internet and implementation of the innovative concept of robotics as services. Review: ongoing integration of industry resources, q1 performance over expectations - 2022/04/27
The company is continuing its national layout of the Treasure Windc industry. In the East China region, the company plans to move forward with the Rhodes Base 2. Bo-Sin software (600845) 2021 annual report: Deep Five Project Building, which actively engages in the Nanking Base Market Planning; and is based on the country's “East and West” administration.
The company is studying the technological architecture for the formation of the Treasure Cloud and the fast-tracking of the performance of the Treasure Cloud software (600845).
Business system optimization programmes that enrich service delivery by facilitating the landing of mixed cloud pilot projects. Companies will match expectations and increase their capacity for long-term competitiveness by increasing the radius of information infrastructure services through a nationwide layout that integrates the research and development of industrial Internet technology.
4. Treasurestone software (600845): high-speed, high-quality growth, industry supporting strategic industrial Internet industrialization, full-fledged intellectual creation.
Investment proposals: Companies based on strong industrial foundations and rich applications in the steel and advanced materials industry, based on the letter 5. Treasure letter (600845) annual report: high-speed growth and high-tech and capital driven, providing a digitally synthesizing combination of process-based industries represented by the steel industry
\triangleright \triangleright \
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.