Strategic adjustments to improve the quality of operations in line with the development of the data centre launch of the semi-annual report 2022, which achieved operating income of $4,962 million on 23 August, slowed up the growth rate of the epidemic and improved the quality of operations.
At the end of the income chain (million shares), the company, faced with the critical situation of the Shanghai epidemic, fully exploits the advantages of the “one-headquarters multi-base” system and ensures the scheduled delivery of a number of major projects by means of long-range synergies and multiple redeployments.
For reference, the operating income for software development and engineering services was $3.477 billion, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period;
Management of funds, relatively significant operating collection rates, net cash flow from operating activities and growth in comparison with the growth in the development of the data centre, active idc track, Shanghai City, 29 June 2022, joint publication of the “On the Advancement of the City Data Centre” by CILSS, CDRC
The implementation opinion for a healthy and orderly development suggests that by the end of the 14th century, the Shanghai City data centre would have achieved a total capacity of around 280,000 standard hangars, with an average landing rate of over 85 per cent, with an arithmetic capacity of more than 14,000 pflops, and that Bosinidc, as the head enterprise, is expected to make a full profit in this planning.
2022H1 has continued the national layout of the Treasure Cloud industry. In the East China region, it is planned to proceed with five phases of the construction of the Loong base and to actively plan the Nanjing base market; and in the North China region, under the Toto “East and West” policy, it has been actively building the Treasure Cloud North base to speed up the construction of the first phase of the project.
:: Deepening the cloud, networking, strengthening the capacity-building and business extension of the one+ platform and piloting the service delivery model; and researching a programme to optimize the technological architecture and operating system for the formation of the Treasure Cloud, with a view to increasing value chain coverage and enriching service delivery by promoting the integration of cloud pilot sites.
• Create an independent robot brand dedicated to the deep integration of robots with the industrial Internet.
The company created a self-controllable Internet platform based on WikiLeaks, Five Ds of Values, the 10,000 Polo Induction Program, which is based on the Treasure Industries Internet platform.
“Borow Clouds Platform”, which integrates robots in depth with the Internet, and accelerates the diffusion of scale applications.
q3 profit release meets expectations, long-term robust growth Cross-industry, cross-cutting industrial promotion, building Xin3plat full kernel xo, supporting collusive logic 2021-11-1
In addition, companies are actively expanding the low-carbon outreach of the industrial Internet, pushing carbon management platforms online to improve the accuracy and completeness of carbon data by means of information.
(b) Support for green low-carbon metallurgy, 1) domestic contagion, with lower demand downstream, and 2) policies that are not as strong as expected;
3) Increased industrial competition and the erosion of firms' pre-emptive advantage;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.