Main camp operations are steadily moving forward, with steel and steel “industrial brains” -- Treasure letter software (600845.sh) being evaluated in its semi-annual report for 2022.
In the first half of 2022, in the face of the critical situation of the Shanghai epidemic, the company took full advantage of the “one headquarters multi-base” system to ensure the timely market value (millions of dollars) of a number of major projects through long-range coordinated and multi-scale deployment:
Delivery, creation of a new model for building projects under the epidemic; market openings, many of the smart manufacturing, centralization, and master package-epc priority projects, all signed in. During the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $4,962 million, an increase of 1.82 per cent compared to the corresponding increase of 1.82 per cent; a net return of $991 million, an increase of 5.34 per cent compared with the increase in business activity.
The net cash flow generated was 1.735 billion yuan, an increase of 38.23 per cent. For the sub-products, the software is 1 billion yuan. Companies insist on technological innovation, with research and development costs of 471 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 4.60 per cent.
1) idc Operations: In the East China region, the company is moving forward with the planned five-phase construction of the Luang Base and is actively engaged in planning the Nanjing Base Market: building the Yunhua North-Kiji area in accordance with the State's “East and West” policy, accelerating the construction of the first phase of the project. Deepening clouds, networking, strengthening the capacity-building and operations of the One+ platform
(ii) Industrial Internet Platforms: Accelerating Industry by Companies: Research on the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Bosun Software (600845.sh) 2021
Research and development on Internet platforms and cross-practice, cross-cutting industrial promotion to build Xin3plat completely new kernel reporting points: fast growth in performance and continuous strengthening of innovation in research and development xo, supporting synergized architecture; and introduction of an autonomous national industrial infrastructure automation software, iplat--
b) Fully meets the intellectual monitoring and process control needs of industrial sites; issues the first version of the network component, completes the deployment of the low code component; produces real-time collection of data into lakes and processing capabilities, etc.
Co-ordinated research on key intelligence technologies for the steel “industrial brain” and the introduction of the “boro” robots, promotive industrial change, policy-driven industry high profile 2021.12.11 Increased information high technology research and development, and coordinated the design of key intelligence technologies for the steel “industrial brain”
Research on smart software and hardware technology with a focus on national plc, digital twin, data governance, and artificial intelligence at its core.
The company continues to promote the development and application of its products. The company has launched the "Bolo" robotic brand, using the 10,000 "Bolo" induction program as an opportunity to create a self-controlled "Bolooka platform" based on the Treasure Industries Internet platform, to integrate robots into the Internet; and to promote the intelligent iron transport solution.
The company has been working for years in industrial manufacturing, and as the company continues to increase its efforts in information high technology research and development.
The risk of repeated outbreaks of new coronary pneumonia: idc engine room construction, uplifting less than expected: steel industry integrated and less-than-expected; industrial Internet business not developed as expected; plc product out of reach: p-band over the past three years
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.