Mid 2022: The short-term impact of the epidemic on performance, the stronger the iron and steel information pole, the research assistant Wang Shijie.
Incidents: August 23, 2022, mid-2022. According to adjusted caliber, the company earned $4,962 million in the first half of 2022, an increase of 1.82 per cent over the same period; the impact of the epidemic led to pressure on performance and is expected to improve in the third quarter: in 2022, the Shanghai epidemic in Shanghai
The company's headquarters are located in Shanghai, and production and delivery activities are more affected by the epidemic. 2022 The company expected $9.1 billion in revenue from association trading with BMW in 2022 at the beginning of the year. As the epidemic stabilizes, the company's operations are well under way, and we expect the company's performance to return to normal in three quarters.
▪ The increase in the Māori rate of software development operations is evident, and the performance of operating cash flows is excellent: in sub-operations, billions of yuan, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year, 32 per cent in the same year, an increase of 4 pct in the same year, and the increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to a gradual increase in the share of corporate owned products.
This is due to a combination of factors such as the continuous strengthening of operating funds management by companies in the period prior to 2022, the high collection rate of operations, and the net acceptance of instruments when they fall due.
The changing landscape of the steel industry has limited impact on the Treasure, and the information prospects of the steel industry are wide: Iron and Steel, Treasure Software, 600845: Steel and steel information.
There are also opportunities in the crisis for the steel industry to improve its performance, which can only take time if the production line load is reduced, and for climate change.
It'll help the BMW Group to speed up the process of mergers and acquisitions. In the long run, the iron and steel industry has a high demand for digital construction, and we'll measure the potential market space for the iron and steel industry to be as high as $100 billion by 2025.
Stock operations are stable, the treasures are sharp, and profit predictions and investment ratings: in the context of “smart manufacturing” and “double carbon”, we believe that the steel industry has a large information market space, and the steel industry has a downward climate that does not affect long-term digitization.
Building trends, Bosin software is the lead in iron and steel information, and it is expected to grow faster. On this basis, Treasure Clouds have expanded, and Swords are pointing to the southwest, and the industry has not expanded as expected.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), it has an investment advisory committee on securities.