Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Projects delivered on schedule, Treasure Clouds operations continued to move steadily, and the strategic transformation was expected to improve operational efficiency. 22q2 quarter operating income
24.65 billion yuan, y/y-13.68 per cent, q/q/q-1.32 per cent; net profit to the mother 536 million, y/y-13.61 per cent. In the first half of the year the epidemic was severe, the company took full advantage of the “one-headquarters multi-base” system, ensuring, inter alia, that multiple major projects were delivered on schedule and that the user business system was stable.
2. Development of a strategic transformation strategy on “engineering excellence, product scale, platforming”
The current Engineering One Product One platform interacts optimally to facilitate business transformation, scale-up and efficiency gains. 3. "Stead performance growth, group integration to boost profit-making performance " .
In the North China region, building the Treasure Clouds base based on the national policy of East and West, accelerating phase 4. High performance, intelligence manufacturing and cloud services continue to be appreciated.
Project construction. On cloud services, the cloud web core initiative continued to be advanced, with capacity-building for one plus platform, business outreach, and the local saas service pilot. In addition, the company launched the "Bolo" robot brand, using the 10,000 "Bolo" induction program as an opportunity to play on the Treasure Industries Internet platform.
Building a self-controllable "boro-wine platform" to integrate robots into the depth of the Internet. Monthly aid companies are using steel, eight steel, for intelligence projects. Of these, too steel involves 85 systems for a one-time transition success and completes a non-sensor exchange of production lines.
Its understanding of the steel industry, its synergy with its own software development, cloud computing, data centres, etc.
The company’s performance is expected to increase by 25% + at a compound rate over the next three years. The demand for Internet vendor idc is not as high as expected; and the expenditure on informationization in the steel industry is not as high as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment