The American group (0003333.sz)
Wang Wei-chul, America's holdings are limited, and revenue is expected to grow steadily: according to industry online data, January to November 2018.
Moreover, based on data from Mid-Eiconka, the average price of the company's products has been rising, and taking into account small household electricity and the kuka sector, we expect the company to grow by nearly 10 per cent throughout the year in 2018 and remain stable during the next cycle of real estate.
The increase in the Māori rate and the decrease in the kuka amortization have increased the net profit rate by a number of factors: the relatively rapid growth of net profits in the company, which we believe is mainly the result of the company ' s upgrading of products and the constant optimization of the product structure, which has resulted in higher prices and an increase in the share of high-end products, which together boosts the company ' s Māori ratio.
This increase will continue throughout the year. In addition, a reduction in the amortization of kuka in 2018 and an increase in the exchange rate earnings of companies as a result of exchange rate movements have also had a positive impact on the growth of net corporate profits.
There is still room for improvement in the Māori rate and a clearer brand strategic layout: prices for the main raw materials of the company ' s products, copper, steel, plastic, etc., are now falling, and if this trend continues, we expect that the company ' s Māori rate will have room for further improvement in 2019 and will continue to boost net profit growth.
The company's recent release of high-end brand colmo, stock swaps for the merger of small swans, and the rejuvenation of branded brands has made the strategic layout of the company's brands clearer and will help the company to meet its needs at all levels. Measures to promote the consumption of hot spots such as automobiles, home appliances, etc. will be developed and put in place in the course of the year.
Prospective earnings and investment proposals: In the short term, the current downside of real estate will put some pressure on the entire power industry, but companies are expected to continue to grow relatively robustly with their dominant advantage.
In the medium and long term, the integration of companies, such as Toshiba, Clivet, and small swans, will enhance the company’s technological power and global influence, and will benefit its long-term development, and the consolidation of the Kuka Group will make the company directly involved.
At the height of smart manufacturing, it increases efficiency and expands new growth points. We expect the company ginarearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er) to prevail, as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.