The United States Group (000333) forecasted performance for 2018.
Lee Long Hae performance analysis for 2018 and performance expectations for 2019. (1) Performance: 10.46 per cent higher by the same year in the three quarters of 2018; net profit on motherhood increased by 19.35 per cent by the same year, of which total operating income and return in the third quarter
Net profits increased by 1.38 per cent and 18.55 per cent, respectively. The first half of air conditioners sold in 2018 was better than the second half, with more than 5 million units in Zhang Xiaojun; cooking power was affected more by real estate, with revenues falling by more than 20 per cent in the third quarter, while the same year was also lost.
It is expected that ice-washing and cooking power will grow faster than industry, and that there will be no major deviations between the company’s performance in the fourth quarter and the third quarter. Based on expectations of an increase in the company’s market share in 2019, combined with the location of the Commission’s policy to promote household electricity consumption, it is estimated that the company’s overall revenue grew by 10 per cent in 2019 on a year-on-year basis.
On October 19, 2018, the United States launched its own industrial Internet platform, m.iot.
On 22 November, the United States industrial Internet platform was also selected for 72 industrial Internet pilot projects at the Ministry of Industry and Communications, and is currently building an Internet smart factory in Nansha, Guangzhou, and supporting the effectiveness of the company ' s t+3 model.
The t+3 model currently takes more than a dozen days to complete its full life cycle, and the entire product chain is a leader in the industry. The supply chain for the Kuka and Toshiba segments of the operation is expected to reduce costs, and the profitability of Kuka and Toshiba is expected to improve.
In October of last year, the company launched a colmo brand for high-end markets, against the Gaelkasati, which initially focused on ice washing and cooking power, and will later build a full class of products. Colmo will become the company’s top brand as a high-end smart family, with the medium-high-end product not represented.
In 2018, the average market price of company air conditioners rose by about 10%; the average price of refrigerators increased by 20%, compared to the upward trend in consumption, and brand differentiation in 2019 helped to improve profitability. Internal integration strengthened internal performance, and performance was expected to benefit from the policy.
The Ministry of Industry has merged to build an industrial base in Kucava Mountain by acquiring small swans to integrate washing machine operations, and internal integration initiatives such as the cost of bringing the American supply chain into Toshiba will promote more effective and risk-effective companies. The Commission has promoted the implementation of consumer policies, benefiting the company as a full product leader.
The most obvious is that between 2009 and 2012, the demand for domestic electricity, which was stimulated by the old-change policy, has entered the cycle of conversion (one has a life span of 8-10 years), and that this round of stimulus is expected to focus on electricity and cooking appliances for all, and the company’s business integration is conducive to the country’s stimulating demand.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.