Equity Research · Company
Display Devices
BOE Technology
(000725 CH)
flexible AMOLED line
BOE unveiled China's first, world's second Gen6 flexible AMOLED
Rating
Buy
display production line. BOE Technology, a leading display manufacturer,
has pulled the trigger on its Chengdu-based Gen6 flexible active-matrix
Issuing analyst:
organic light-emitting diode (AMOLED) line - built in the space of less
Steven Liu, CFA, PhD, (CE No.: AMO971)
than five months, well ahead of schedule. At a delivery ceremony, the
company handed the first batch of its Gen6 flexible AMOLED panels to
top Chinese handset makers such as Huawei, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, ZTE and
nubia. The new launch would significantly boost BOE's standing in the
flexible OLED field.
Date:
Rising flexible OLED display demands spur and sustain future growth.
Some of the world's prominent smartphone players are jockeying to play
the ace of flexible OLED for their "next big thing", as witnessed by Apple's
patented iPhone design featuring a bifold or trifold screen thought to hit
Share prices performance
the market sometime, and Samsung's debuting this year of a futuristic
OLED panel able to be stretched, scrolled and folded. This, coupled with
growing flexible OLED demands emanating from other segments like
wearables, VR devices, tablets and notebooks, would benefit an industry
leader like BOE, which is now in a better position for a potential deluge
of bendable and foldable display orders mostly from well-famed mobile
devices and wearables producers.
BOE's profitability set to shoot up as flexible OLED line yield improves.
A single 48,000-unit flexible OLED line is expected to close in on the
Source: CSC Research
breakeven point on a 50% yield, which, when ramps up to 80%, would
lead to an annual profit of about RMB14bn - outstripping BOE's LCD
arm's 2017 profit - and a ROE of nearly 30%, well above roughly 10% for
the company as a whole for the current full year. Hence, BOE looks set to
significantly shore up its profitability through yield and capacity increase
at its flexible OLED business, in our view.
Earnings forecast
Source: CSC Research
Listed company in-depth
Contents
Listed company in-depth
1. BOE unveiled China's first, world's second Gen6 flexible AMOLED
display production line
BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd., a leading display maker, announced on Oct. 26 it had kick-started mass production from
its first Gen6 flexible AMOLED display production line, which is based in Chengdu. At its launch event, the company
delivered the first batch of its Gen6 flexible AMOLED panels to high-profile customers such as Huawei, Oppo, Vivo,
Xiaomi, ZTE and nubia.
Source: open information; Research Dept, CSCI
Source: open information; Research Dept, CSCI
BOE's two Gen6 flexible AMOLED display production lines (another based in Mianyang, Sichuan, scheduled for 2019) are
designed for an upcoming spate of flexible OLED display orders mostly from well-famed mobile devices and wearables
producers.
Source: open information; Research Dept, CSCI
Source: open information; Research Dept, CSCI
The new launch would significantly reinforce BOE's leadership position in the flexible AMOLED field, and boost its ability
to meet growing demands for small- to medium-sized high performance displays used in mobile devices, in our view.
Listed company in-depth
2. BOE's profitability set to surge as flexible OLED line yield improves
BOE's first flexible OLED line was built in the space of less than five months, with its yield ramp-up time much shorter
than that of Samsung in its early stage. This, we believe, can be credited to the company's technological accumulation
in OLED as well as its adoption of first-class equipment and materials. BOE boasts to have engaged in OLED R&D for eight
years (five years on flexible) and obtained 55,000 patents (16,000 concerning OLED).
Source: IHS; Research Dept, CSCI
A highlight in BOE's flexible OLED line is its use of Canon Tokki's vacuum evaporation equipment, which is widely utilized
by the likes of Samsung, LG and Sharp for small- and medium-sized OLED display production.
Source: Canon Tokki; Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
Source: DIGITIMES; Research Dept, CSCI
Based on a market price of USD120 for a 5.5-inch flexible quarter high definition (QHD) display, it takes a 50% yield for
a 48,000-unit flexible OLED line of BOE to close in on the breakeven point (an estimated annual net profit of RMB490mn)
assuming a unit cost of USD80, and an 80% yield to generate an annual revenue/profit of around RMB75bn/13.85bn
and an ROE of nearly 30% (well above its current full-year level of about 10% for the company as a whole) assuming a
unit cost of USD65, and it is estimated that at its full capacity, a single such production line will create a profitability
surpassing the company's LCD division's full-year profitability in 2017. Hence, improved yield and capacity at BOE's
flexible OLED business will dramatically drive up its overall profitability and provide an impetus for medium- and long-
term business growth, in our view.
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Below is a quantitative analysis on the net profit (margin) of BOE's flexible OLED display production line at different
yields and selling prices, which is based on a unit cost of USD70 and a financial and SG&A expense rate of 16%.
Source: Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
In light of BOE's announced figures regarding its two flexible OLED display production lines' capacity and yield
improvement, as well as related market price changes, our neutral estimate is that the company's flexible OLED business
will bring in an operating revenue of RMB2.649bn/26.608bn/80.915bn for FY17-19, a step change going forward.
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Our neutral projection on the combined revenue from BOE's nine existing LCD production lines stands at
RMB92.997bn/106.955bn/110.729bn for FY17-19. In our view, the LCD market is approaching a supply-demand
equilibrium, with possibility of seasonal price fluctuations but low visibility of deep price corrections due to a
concentration on capacity release seen in the past. Hence, the company's LCD profitability looks set to hold steady, in
our view.
BOE currently has a relatively small percentage of production lines below Gen6, which have mostly been reoriented
towards higher margin areas such as white goods, IVI and RFID, thus having a limited impact on the company's overall
profitability performance. Moreover, the company boasts to be the only in the world whose Gen8.5 production line can
perform mobile phone panel cutting, and such high-gen lines also have a cost advantage in small- and medium-sized
products, thereby further contributing to the company's profitability and competitiveness.
Listed company in-depth
Listed company in-depth
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Based on the above estimations, we further forecast BOE's FY17-19 operating revenue for its display device unit to be
RMB95.64bn/133.56bn/191.64bn, with its OLED business making a contribution of 2.77%, 19.92% and 42.22%,
respectively. Hence, it isn't hard to predict that with continuous progress being made in yield and capacity, flexible OLED
display products will become the company's major source of revenue from 2020 onward.
Listed company in-depth
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
of 2017, respectively, corresponding to a net profit attributable to the parent of RMB4.303bn/6.476bn, with a consensus
full-year ROE estimate of 10.28%. We forecast BOE's FY17 net profit attributable to the parent to be RMB8.635bn.
3. Rising demands for flexible OLED displays spur and sustain future
growth
Assuming a capacity utilization rate of 90% and a yield of 85%/65% for rigid/flexible screens, we estimate global supply
of 5.5-inch OLED mobile phone screens will climb from 470mn (180mn/290mn for flexible/rigid) in 2017 to 790mn
(420mn/370mn for flexible/rigid) in 2018 and 1.26bn (720mn/540mn for flexible/rigid) in 2019, while global demands
for such products will rise from 490mn in 2017 to 770mn/1.1bn/1.39bn/1.71bn in 2018/2019/2020/2021. Hence, a
supply-demand equilibrium is expected to arrive around 2019, but we believe global OLED display production capacity
expansion will charge on nonetheless, on the back of a 50% penetration for mobile phones, growing market potential
for foldable screens, and relatively low levels of take-up for such products as VR devices, tablets and notebooks.
Supply side
Samsung as it stands commands more than 90% of the world's OLED phone screen production capacity. The company
has announced plans to beef up production of its flexible OLED displays—which have been adopted by Apple for the
tenth anniversary iPhone X—to a level of 330,000, with a market share estimated to exceed 50% over the next three
years. LG Display, following a flagging attack on the large-sized OLED TV panel market, has also started to shift its focus
towards small-sized OLED displays, with its Gumi-based E5 flexible OLED line already put into mass production in 3Q17,
and its E6 production line scheduled for 2018, eying a production capacity of at least 75,000 units for small- and medium-
sized flexible OLED displays.
BOE, with a total capacity of 96,000 from its two flexible OLED lines, trails only behind Samsung, while its rival Hon
Hai/Foxconn is setting sights on a flexible OLED display production capacity of no lower than 50,000.
Listed company in-depth
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Some lesser-known players are also trying to get a piece of the action, but are held back by a lack of capital or resources.
Listed company in-depth
Source: IHS; industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
Listed company in-depth
Source: IHS; industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Based on the aforementioned estimates in his part, we further project Samsung, BOE and LG Display to respectively have
a 5.5-inch OLED display shipment volume of 390mn (160mn/230mn for flexible/rigid)/520mn (290mn/230mn for
flexible/rigid)/620mn (390mn/230mn for flexible/rigid), 18mn (7mn/11mn for flexible/rigid)/82mn (71mn/11mn for
flexible/rigid)/104mn (93mn/11mn for flexible/rigid), and 8mn (6mn/2mn for flexible/rigid)/38mn (36mn/2mn for
flexible/rigid)/111mn (109mn/2mn for flexible/rigid) for 2017/2018/2019. Given that flexible displays will likely account
for less than 20% of BOE's global shipments by 2019, there is plenty of room left for production scale-up, in our view.
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Demand side
Source: IDC; DIGITIMES; Research Dept, CSCI
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
The above data suggests that current small- and medium-sized OLED display sales are predominantly driven by
smartphone replacement demands, with high growth also seen in the wearables segment. And a 52% penetration for
smartphones by 2019 points to substantial growth potential for small-sized OLED display demands worldwide.
Meanwhile, foldable devices with a flexible OLED screen are expected to be rolled out around 2019, becoming a new
major growth propeller for years to come.
Source: open information; Research Dept, CSCI
Source: industry information; Research Dept, CSCI
The ever-evolving flexible OLED display technology could spell a new era as a wave of eye-catching, futuristic and
revolutionary screen designs featuring rollable, foldable and bendable structures are coming our way, leading to
smartphones that could change size depending on use. Big-name players such as Apple, Samsung, LG, Microsoft and
Lenovo have been deploying in this field for quite some time. In 2016, Lenovo amazed the world with a pioneering
bendable wrist-phone named Lenovo C+, which is a proper smartphone when fully extended, and can be turned into a
smartwatch thanks to the bendy material along the back. While this year, Samsung showed off a stretchable, scrollable
and foldable OLED screen, the first-of-its-kind in the world.
金属铰链
Source: Samsung; Research Dept, CSCI
Source: the Internet; Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
Source: Apple Patent; Samsung Patent; Research Dept, CSCI
Earnings forecast
LCD production lines (including the Wuhan-based Gen10.5) plus the smart system/healthcare services, and the two
newly announced OLED lines, when reaching their full capacity, will contribute to an estimated annual operating
revenue/net profit (margin) of RMB124.374bn/11.7bn (8%) and RMB150bn/22.5bn (15%), respectively, adding up to a
total operating revenue/net profit (margin) of RMB296.322bn/34.2bn (11.54%). Accordingly, we value BOE at 15x,
corresponding to a market cap of RMB513bn.
Source: Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
Based on the above estimates, we forecast BOE to have a net profit attributable to the parent of
RMB8.635bn/11.254bn/17.746bn for 2017/2018/2019, corresponding to EPS of RMB0.248/0.323/0.510 and
24x/18x/12x PER, with a growth rate of 30%/57% for FY18/19. Maintain Buy.
Risk factors
Price fluctuations due to supply-demand changes; capacity scale-up and yield improvements falling short of expectations
Financial forecast
Source: CSC Research
Listed company in-depth
Research
Institutional Sales & Trading
LIU Taisheng, Steven
XIANG Xinrong, Ron
TMT
HO Wen Hao, Jack
SO Lai Shan, Jennifer
Consumer
WANG Zhuo, Gary
CHAN Ka Yeung, Duncan
Commodity
LEE Ying Ju, Rose
TIAN Yang
LI Jiageng, Mike
Automotive
XIA Tian
SUN Lingxiao, Roger
Industrials
XU Xiaowei, Vincent
YAO Xue, Snowy
Utilities
SHEN Xiangfei, Thomas
XU Qiwen
Listed company in-depth
Company Rating Definition
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index; Time Horizon: 12 months
12-month absolute total return: >=10%
Buy
Hold
12-month absolute total return: >-10% but <10%
Sell
12-month absolute total return: <=-10%
Disclosure of Interests
As of the date of this report,
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation of all or part of this report hereby certify that:
the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect the personal views of each such analyst about the subject securities
(i)
and issuers; and
no part of the analyst's compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
(ii)
expressed in this research report.
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation of all or part of this report, or his/her associate(s), do not have any interest
(including any direct or indirect ownership of securities, arrangement for financial accommodation or serving as an officer) in any company
mentioned in this report.
This report has been produced in its entirety by China Securities (International) Brokerage Company Limited ("China Securities (International)")
(CE Number: BAU373, regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong)
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities have no financial interest, in aggregate, equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization
in the stocks reviewed in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
months from listed corporations whose stocks are being reviewed by China Securities (International) in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities do not have any individual employed by or associated with them serving as an officer of a
listed corporation whose stocks are being reviewed by China Securities (International) in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities may act as the market markers in the stocks reviewed by China Securities (International) in
this report.
Disclaimer
This report is for information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to sell or to solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities in
any jurisdiction. The securities referred to in this research report may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This information contained in
this report has been compiled by China Securities (International) from sources that it believes to be reliable and the opinions, analysis, forecasts,
projections and expectations contained in this report are based on such information and are expressions of belief only and no representation, warranty
or guarantee is made or given by China Securities (International) or any person for its accuracy or completeness. All opinions and estimates expressed
in this report are (unless otherwise indicated) entirely those of China Securities (International) as of the date of this report only and are subject to
change without notice. Such opinions and estimates may be different from or contrary to the opinions presented by the other business departments,
units or affiliates of China Securities (International), as different assumptions and standards, different views and analytical methods may be adopted
in the preparation of such other materials, and China Securities (International) is under no obligation to bring such other materials to the attention of
any recipient of this report. Neither China Securities (International) nor its holding companies and affiliates accept any liability whatsoever for any
direct or consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this report or otherwise arising in connection therewith.
Any investment referred to herein may involve significant risk, may be illiquid and may not be suitable for all investors. The value of or income from
any investment referred to herein may fluctuate and be affected by changes in exchange rates. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
This report does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Investors are
expected to make their own investment decision without relying on this publication. Before entering into any transactions in any securities referred
to in this research report investor should consider their own individual investment objectives and financial situation and seek professional financial,
tax and legal advice, as necessary.
This report is strictly confidential to the recipient. It is being supplied to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced, redistributed
or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published, in whole or in part, for any purpose. The distribution of this report in other
jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons into whose possession this report comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any such
restrictions. By accepting this report you agree to be bound by the foregoing instructions.
China Securities (International) Research
18/F, Two Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong
Bloomberg: CSCR