The new energy pulls car heat management, and the home panel is recovering.
The new energy car heat management business will be an important growth point.
With a long focus on auto heat management, well-known cars such as Fareo, Mallebé and Maller, integrated heat management systems, as well as a whole company like Benz, General, Tesla. Technology development is strong, and cars have entered Tesla with electro-inflated valves and new energy heat exchangers.
Model3 vehicle supply chain (the company announced 16 years of revenue of $16.6 million from Tesla), based on half a million vehicles and 2000 single-car harvests, with Tesla producing 1 billion elastic revenues.
With the further release of new energy vehicles, the new energy car heat management business will become important for companies, with robust power masters, refrigeration with air conditioning, microchannels and Avico operations benefiting from overseas air conditioning, and, according to the National Statistical Office, cumulative production of air conditioners in January-August 2017.
13,300.20 million, a 18.70 per cent increase over the same period, the domestic air-conditioning industry is expected to maintain a climate that will strongly drive the growth of corporate refrigeration operations; micro-channel operations, mainly in North America, with the largest city share in the world; long-term gains from the recovery of North American air-conditioning sales and short-term exposure to exchange gains and losses; and Avico
The business is mainly in Germany, with white household appliances like coffee machines, dishwashers, etc. permeating space in the country – three seasons and three quarters, with robust performance growth as expected. The company released three seasons in 2017.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: 18 years we expect to be a year of domestic and external deployment of new energy sources, 17 years of low base + domestic and foreign listing of new explosive vehicles + domestic double-centre policy, three factors driving up sales, looking for the best-quality links in the industry pattern, I
They've locked in the head of the car parts, and we think that the heat management panel has the advantage of a full-blown tap, and with the increase in bicycle use and overall sales, it's like the grand-haired shares, and it's part of a firm that runs a robust business, and I'm looking forward to a steady increase in performance over the long term.
1. Household power taps are growing steadily, new energy car heat management is a new growth point, new energy car heat management is around the heat management layout, and new energy car heat management will be a priority business
The company currently has two major plates - household appliances such as air conditioners and auto parts, with household power operations covering refrigeration units, microchannels units and aweco units, around thermal management layouts, auto parts and components, mainly based on the September three-blank zero of the table, still dominated by auto air conditioner parts and in traditional vehicles.
The company's own refrigeration unit is the company's traditional business unit and its performance release is related to the overall climate of the air-conditioning industry. The microchannel business module is based mainly on three-flower microchannels, its products. Microchannel heat exchangers are mainly used in traditional air-conditioning, cold chain heater replacements and are expected to grow steadily in the future.
The aweco business unit, which is based on German triflower Avico appliances, mainly producing components such as coffee machine washing machine washing machine washing machine heater, has extensive business dealings with major white home appliances manufacturers and is expected to grow with the outbreak of the domestic dishwasher market. The company acquires the company’s auto heat management asset, which is largely directed to the whole company and heat management.
Systems integrators supply such products as swelling valves, liquid receptacles, and the new energy car business that has been under construction in recent years will be the focus of the company’s future operations.
In 2017, the company issued shares worth $2.15 billion, acquired the group ' s zero business and raised $13.22 billion for a three-brand zero-extension project. The three-brand zero industry promised a net profit of $1.69, 208, 245 million for 2017-2019.
The development, production and marketing of vehicle air conditioners and heat management system control components, such as water receptacles, are mainly oriented towards the use of the vehicle assembly market (oem market). After years of development, the three flower zeros have become the main suppliers of global thermal expansion valves and receptacles. The company now owns three production bases in Hangzhou, Mexico and India, and its main products in 2016.
The average capacity utilization rate was 72.42%, with the expansion valves and receptacles using more than 95% of the capacity, and the production problem was a bottleneck to further corporate development. The company raised 1,322 million yuan for the “project to build 11.5 million new energy car parts per year” and the “modification of 7.3 million new energy car heat management system components per year”
Building projects and “Technology adaptation projects for 12.7 million new annual vehicle air-conditioning control components.” It is expected that the company’s capacity will be significantly enhanced over the next two years to further improve its performance.
In March 2017, the Sanhua Institute transferred 227 patents free of charge to Sanhua Zero. Stars won the Automobile News Pacing Award with the Electronic Inflating Valve.
In China, the first and only Chinese company to win the Pace Award for outstanding innovation by its counterpart. Strong technology research and development capabilities create a pre-emptive advantage, because only suppliers with R & D, production, and assembly capabilities can become first-class suppliers in the auto parts industry, otherwise they can only become second-level or lower-level suppliers in the entire factory.
So the company could be involved in the development of a whole-of-a-car design, with a life cycle of about 6-7 years for a new model, during which the possibility of changing a supplier is very low, so the company has a stable long-term customer base. The public department has now opened up auto heat management integrators such as Fareo, Mallebé and Benz, General, Tesla, Biadey,
In 2016, the company’s main product, car-based gas, was 14.407 million car-conditioning valves, with over 37 per cent of the domestic market and over 16 per cent of the global market, and the company has become the world’s leading supplier of car-intensive valves.
Accompanied by Tesla, a leader in the development of new energy car heat management. According to the China-China Air Association, in January-September 2017, cumulative production was 424,000 and 398,000 vehicles, respectively, representing an increase of 40.2 per cent and 37.7 per cent, respectively.
In traditional cars, which, in addition to traditional car air-conditioning heat management, include systems such as batteries, electric machines, electrical controls, etc., the value of the whole vehicle will reach 8-10% of the total, with a significant increase in the value of 5-6% compared to the traditional car. Currently, the company has become a first-tier supplier in Tesla, mainly supplying it with swelling valves, water coolers, oil coolers, etc.
Oil pumps, etc., have acquired power to supply new energy heaters, electro-inflated valves, etc. The country has entered into contracts with General, Benz, Volvo, etc. The country has established strategic partnerships with new energy car manufacturers such as Biadi, Gilly, Upper Gas, Chang-Ann, Cong-tae, and Wei. Tesla is the global leader in the field of electric cars.
Industry, with its strong sticker effect, would significantly enhance corporate global market influence by becoming a supplier. Volkswagen, Renault, Volvo, Dymler, etc., have been launching an electric car strategy. The year 2018-2019 will be a year for cars to land, company electronic expansion valves, new energy heater systems, etc.
There will be a rapid development to become a new and important business growth point for the three-flash zero. Assuming Teslamodel3 releases between 2017 and 2020 of 3,15,300.5 million vehicles, the company is expected to recover downstream air conditioners, and the refrigeration operations support its performance.
In January-August 2017, according to the National Statistical Office, the cumulative production of air conditioners was 13.30.20 million units, an increase of 18.70 per cent. The domestic air conditioner industry is expected to maintain its climate, which will provide a strong boost to the growth of the company ' s refrigeration operations.
A strong Māori ratio stems from a technological lead. The largest share of corporate operating costs is in raw materials such as bronze bars, copperware and copper tubes. In 2016, Māori remained stable at more than 25% in the Great Mercantile Cows, because the central reason is the public sector’s focus on the technological advantage of R&D inputs.
New products with a high Māori rate, such as heat exchangers, bring a stable customer structure to high-quality products and are now strategic suppliers and partners in well-known refrigeration and air-conditioning mainframes such as pine, gold and gravity, electronic expansion valves, quadruple swaps, leading global market ownership of key products such as valves, micro-heaters, and so forth, with a significant advantage in size.
Microchannels and Avico infiltrate from abroad to home, benefiting from economic recovery in Europe and North America. Microchannels lead the industry and raise energy for release in productive years. Microchannels for heat exchange have clear energy-saving and environmental advantages, with applications covering mainly markets such as air conditioning, refrigeration, heat pumps, etc.
The size of the market for heat change, which is currently only about 5% of the total replacement rate for microchannel heat changers, and the market space is large. Business plates have continued to grow since the company acquired the company ' s microchannel business in 2015, with the market share of the microchannel changer leading by the full ball. According to industry online data, the company ' s market share of global air conditioning mini-channel changers in 2014 was 31%.
The company currently has three production bases: Hangzhou Base, United States Base and Mexico Base, with 800,000 new projects per year in June, and Mexico Base Project will be operational by the end of the year.
The Avico Group has long been viewed by home telephones as the first supplier to develop components of the dishwasher system, with major clients including Bsh, Miller, Hyeop, Philips, Ileks, Hellbling, and others.
The profitability of WikiLeaks has continued to improve, and in 2015 it achieved a reversal of the profit, with revenues of 1,043 million yuan in 2016, an increase of 21.28 per cent over the same year, and a net profit of 17,57 million yuan, an increase of 104.30 per cent over the same period. The dishwashing industry is extremely low in China, with a prevalence rate of less than 1 per cent. With ageing populations, rising labour costs and the quality of life of the younger generation,
With the increase in demand, the domestic market is expected to explode, and according to the data of Mid-Ekang, the domestic market for dishwashers reached 1.98 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 104.8 per cent over the same period; the market is projected to reach 3.63 billion in 2017, an increase of 83.7 per cent over the same period; with the dominant product, the Avico is expected to continue to improve its profitability in the domestic market for dishwashers.
2. The three-month period before the first quarter saw a rapid increase of 25.76 per cent in the net return profit in the first three quarters. The company issued a three-monthly report in 2017, covering the reporting period.
The company achieved operating income of $7.190 billion, with an increase of 23.50 per cent in the year-on-year adjusted; net profits attributable to the parent company of $369 million, with an increase of 20.00 per cent and the ring of 7.89 per cent in the year-on-year adjusted.
The company's Māori rate was 30.82% in the first three quarters of the year, up from the same year, for the following reasons: 1) the profit-rich triple scale, which boosts the company's profitability by 32.03% and 30.73%, respectively, above the Māori mind-controlled main business level; 2) the e-inflation valves, etc.
Higher product ratios have gradually increased, leading to higher levels of corporate Maori; (3) companies, as industry leaders, maintain the highest levels of multi-product markets and have a higher bargaining power, considering that the prices of copper, the company ' s main raw material, have been high compared to the same period last year, and the firm has a clear bargaining advantage as leader.
Cost controls are excellent, and short-term gains and losses on exchange are held up. Companies are expected to realize a net profit of 1,189 million by 2017 for the whole of the year.
448 million yuan, a 20-50 per cent increase in the same year. The list of three zeros will be one of the most significant increases. According to the company ' s bulletin " On the Replenishment of SWFs and SWFs " , in the first half of 2017, three zeros and zeros earned 581 million yuan in real operating income, resulting in a net return of $976.37 million to the mother and $904 million in 16 years.
The year is generally higher than in the first half, with a comparison of the year’s performance against the bets being completed. With the boost of the electric car volume, represented by Teslamodel3, it is expected that the zeros will grow at a high rate and become an important growth pole for the company.
With the long-term focus on auto heat management operations, the heat management systems of Faleo, Mallebé and others have now been tied up to integrate the company and the company's customers, such as Mercedes, General, Tesla. The three-flash zero performance commitment is a 17-19 net profit split, not $169.208.245 million, taking into account the further release of future new energy vehicles into the forecast 17-19 harvest.
The company's traditional refrigeration industry is a global leader, benefiting from the warming demand in the downstream air conditioning industry, and is expected to maintain a high level of air conditioning throughout the year: microchannels and the Avico business benefit from the recovery of the Euro-American economy, while the domestic market is vast and is expected to expand further in the future. As a result of the zero-sum table, the company is expected to realize a net return profit in 2017-2019.
18 years we expect to be a year of domestic and external deployment of new energy sources, 17 years of low base + domestic and foreign market entry + domestic double-centre policy, three factors leading to higher sales, a gradual contraction of the industry from flowers to taps, a search for the best-quality links in the industry, and a locking-in of car parts and components.
We believe that the heat management panel has the advantage of a global leader, with the increase in the use of bicycles and the increase in the volume of sales, which are similar to that of the grand stock, is a high-quality standard that is well run and well earned in terms of performance improvement, while enjoying a leading premium in next year's market.
Taking into account that two major downstream air-conditioning household appliances and car parts are currently benefiting from the economic recovery, both domestic and external, the 18-year-old definitive growth of the new energy vehicle and the valuation switch and valuation premium for the flagship company, the risk of fluctuations in raw material prices in 2018: exchange rate fluctuations: lower demand for downstream air-conditioning; sales of new energy vehicles
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has portfolio advisory services