The traditional business poles are strong, with a two-wheel drive for B2O and H2O - the first-ever coverage report - the cooling industry has benefited from a high profile and the main business is growing:
The company’s main product, the four-way valve, the cut-off valve and the electronic expansion valve, have a high market share of about 60%, 35% and 40% of the world’s markets and a strong market leadership position. The company has long focused on the refrigeration control component, a leading business in this area.
The field share is ahead of the world, with companies projecting a global market of more than 50 billion heaters per year, while the overall rate of replacement of microchannel heaters is currently only around 5%, with broad market prospects. Based on the progress of the public fund-raising project, 800,000 Hangzhou base/year projects were launched in June this year, and 150 Mexican base.
With the launch of the 10,000/year project at the end of the year, it is expected that the company will be able to reach new capacity during the year, which will result in a significant increase in the capacity of Li Jianshan, the profitability of Javico will continue to double with each other, and the domestic market for dishwashers is expected to become a point of growth:
At the end of 2012, the company acquired the German Avico Group to expand horizontally the industry of white domestic appliances such as dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, etc. With the reorganization of the company, the profitability of Avico continued to improve, with a reversal in 2015 and an increase of $1,043 million in 2016.
Almost a zero-sum product, with electricity companies targeting the Chinese market. With the ageing population, rising labour costs and rising quality of life requirements of the younger generation, dishwashers are two-wheel-drived in China's Xatsla level.
The company has now become a first-tier supplier to Tesla, supplying products such as swelling valves, water coolers, coolers, oil pumps, etc., and has acquired the right to supply products such as m3-type new energy heat exchangers, electron expansion valves, and has entered into foreign contracts with General, Benz, Volvo, etc.
A strategic partnership has been established with new energy car manufacturers like Biadi, Gilly, Upper Steam, Chang An, Congtai, and Wei. The year 2018-2019 will be a year of powered cars falling into the ground, and new energy car heat management systems, such as company electro-inflating valves and new energy heaters, will be rapidly developed and will become three-dimensional zero-sum.
Key business growth points. The combined report for the year 2000/18/19, based on performance guidance, will be attributed to the mother, and the automobile industry will grow rapidly, with zero performance expected to be higher than expected.
1. Refrigerator-beneficiary industries with a high profile and growing lead business: 1.1. Refrigerant components have been under cultivation for many years, with a strong lead position.
Business modules, such as frequency controller operations, with four-way valves, cut-off and electronic expansion valves at around 60, 35 and 40 per cent of the global market, and strong market leadership. Companies have long focused on refrigeration control components, leading companies in this area, and refrigeration operations in 2016
In recent years, the company has benefited from the boom in air conditioners and the positive export of the entire company to the upstream parts and components industry, and the firm’s absolute advantage of relying on market share has been evident in this round of demand. According to the data, in January-September, China produced 1,430.8 million air conditioners, an increase of 18.9 per cent, accompanied by an increase of 18.9 per cent.
Upgraded domestic consumption and increased energy-efficient environmental requirements have led to a significant expansion in the scale of the sale of energy-efficient air-conditioning. After years of deep farming, companies have a clear strategic layout, excellent quality assurance, and improved production marketing channels. (1) Clear strategic layout: companies use science and technology innovation through their focus on major industries and “technology lead” requirements.
Enterprise development to create a technological lead in generating customer value. From “ministry development” to “control system integration development”, the product series expands from the original domestic air conditioning, refrigerator components to commercial air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, and expands to the transfer frequency control technology and system integration, fostering new energy-efficient, green and environmentally friendly products.
(2) Quality assurance, economies of scale: the company covers major refrigeration, air conditioning control element products, company electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, microchannel heat exchangers and other major product markets, except compressors.
Distributed in the areas of household air conditioning, refrigerator parts and commercial air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, heat pumps, switch-frequency control techniques, and spare parts such as white home washing machines, dishwashers, coffee machines, etc. (3) Global marketing network and production base advantage: since the 1990s, companies have focused on pioneer countries
International markets, in practice, have fostered a pool of marketing professionals who can adapt to the needs of different countries and regions for business expansion, and have established global marketing networks for offshore affiliates as hubs in Japan, Korea, Thailand, Singapore, the United States and Europe, as well as overseas production bases in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Thailand, etc.
The product series covers dozens of countries and regions in major global markets, including the Americas, Japan, Korea, Europe, South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and my country, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. At the same time, the company has established a complete and rigorous quality-assurance system, won a national quality award, and China machinery.
In the industrial sector, it has been developed in collaboration with leading international air-conditioning companies, and developed in collaboration with leading international air-conditioning companies.
Mutually beneficial win-wins, with companies having an advantage in size and cost compared with industry enterprises. 1.2, ten years of leapfrogging, leading to a global leader in the home power and equipment industry, aweco business unit operating income of $1,043 million, an increase of 21.30 per cent over the same period; Microchannel business module camp
The income from the industry was 1,076 million yuan, an increase of 19.71 per cent over the same period, and from other products was 588 million yuan, an increase of 22.96 per cent over the same period. This was mainly the result of companies ' sustained efforts to optimize product restructuring during the reporting period, resulting in a rising share of high-additional products.
Corporate productivity efficiency and the synergies of globalized production have increased significantly and have accelerated the growth of new products, new processes, new technologies, new business markets and the positive impact on corporate performance as a whole. Over the past 10 years, corporate operating income has grown from 807.42 million yuan in 2007 to 2016.
It is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in recent years, becoming a global leader in the domestic electricity and equipment industry.In the first half of 2017, companies insisted on customer orientation, promoting product restructuring, opening up domestic and foreign markets, strengthening business identification management, promoting the stability, health and rapid development of business units, and achieving business income of 42.80.
The net profit of the shareholders of the municipal company was $513 million, an increase of 28.41 per cent in the same year. By product category, the refrigeration unit was 100 million yuan, an increase of 12.00 per cent in the same year; the operating income of the microchannel unit was 674 million yuan, an increase of 19.88 per cent in the same year; 1.3, the microchannel business industry was in the lead and was released within the year of its capacity to raise capital.
Microchannels are compact, light, and efficient heat exchangers, structured in flat-bed stubble mini-heating machines, ligature-net multi-hole heat exchangers. Since the company acquired the microchannel business in 2015, the business plate has continued to grow, and the market share of the microchannel heat changer has been higher globally. The main products are microcreators, microcreators.
Channel evaporations, microchannel heat pump heaters, microchannel water tank heaters, etc., are widely used, in addition to domestic air-conditioning and commercial air-conditioning, in such areas as precision air-conditioning, buses, refrigeration refrigeration, etc. The global market for chillers for refrigeration air-conditioning, food-cold chains, etc., will be the backbone of the current phase of the microchannel heat exchange.
To replace space. Microchannel heat exchangers, with the advantage of their efficient energy efficiency characteristics, have significantly increased the potential for applications in the white domestic electricity sector, with companies projecting a global market of more than 50 billion heat exchangers per year, while the current overall rate of microchannel replacements is only around 5 per cent, with broad market prospects.
The company currently has three production bases: the Hangzhou base, the United States base and the Mexican base, and based on the progress of the company's fund-raising project, 800,000 new projects per year were launched in Hangzhou base in June this year, 1.5 million new projects per year in Mexico will be launched by the end of the year, and it is expected that the company will be able to land its new capacity during the year.
1.4. With the benefits of the country ' s rising consumption, the future growth of white household electricity will be stable: the rate of growth of both white and black household electricity has been relatively rapid since 2016, which is directly related to the high level of our national income. Air conditioning, which was not available in rural areas of the country as a luxury source of household electricity, is now rural.
The rate of installation of air conditioners in the region has increased considerably. In terms of per capita levels, the country is still at a relatively low level, with Japan as a more mature home power market, with 2.6 empty per capita, with 1.2 currently in the country, and a larger number of upgrades. (The number of air conditioners installed is based on the number of rooms, so that the per capita usage will exceed one.)
In the future, the domestic white power market will be at a rate of between 10 and 20 per cent, while the international market will be at a slower rate, at 10 per cent, and the Avico profitability will continue to double and the domestic dishwasher is expected to become a company that acquired the German Avico Group at the end of 2012, expanding the dishwasher, the washing machine and the coffee machine horizontally.
As a result of the restructuring of companies, the profitability of Avico has continued to improve, with a reversal of the profits achieved in 2015, with a recovery of $1,043 million in 2016, an increase of 21.28 per cent, and a net profit of $17.57 million, an increase of 104.30 per cent.
The household electricity industry has gradually moved from traditional products to smart, automated, environmentally friendly and efficient products, to a better living environment, and to a higher standard of living. The dishwashing industry, compared to other household appliances, is a low-saturated household power source, with less than 80% of households in Western Europe, less than 50% in North America, less than 30% in Eastern Europe, and China.
The dishwasher is almost a zero-sum product in China, and everyone’s electricity companies are targeting Chinese cities. As the ageing population, the rising labour costs, and the demands of the younger generation for quality of life rise, sales of dishwashers in China are expected to grow in the form of well blow-outs.
The dominant product of Sanhua Yaweco, the molten water system, the distributors, etc., is the core part of the dishwasher, the main clients of which are the international core white brands of Mino, Boze Siemens, and Ileks. As America’s famous home brands, Hale, Fangta, and others, guide consumers on the consumption concept of dishwashers, they are increasingly accepted by consumers.
According to the Chinese market, the market for dishwashers reached 1.98 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 104.8% over the same period; the market is expected to reach 3.63 billion in 2017, an increase of 83.7% over the same period.
Rapid development continues to improve profitability and become an important growth point for companies.
With the rapid development of our new energy vehicles, the system of auto-conditioning and new-energy car heat management will also grow rapidly with the release of new energy vehicles. In August this year, the company completed its acquisition of high-quality assets under the Group’s flag, which was listed for the same month, and by means of an advisory poll.
The Development Bank Unit raised no more than $1,322 million for the construction of the Three-Purple Zero Project, a leading provider of auto air conditioning and heat management system control components in the industry, whose products are at the forefront of the industry and have become manufacturers of internationally renowned car air conditioning and heat management systems, such as Fareo, Mahler and others.
Proven suppliers and long-term partners in global procurement and successful high-end customers such as Mercedes, General and Tesla, with global and domestic market ownership of more than 16% and 37%, respectively, have helped companies to rapidly expand their zero operations and are important initiatives for companies to cut into auto parts and components.
The net profit of 120 million yuan, an increase of 15.9% over the previous year, was eliminated, while the company’s traditional owners realized a net profit of 870 million yuan, an increase of 28.5% over the previous year, and the profits grew well. The new energy automobile industry, which has been invested in recent years, will be the focus of the company’s future spending.
In January-September 2017, the cumulative production of 424,000 vehicles and 398,000 vehicles, respectively, was increased by 40.2 per cent and 37.7 per cent, respectively, as a result of the effects of the heat management of new energy vehicles, which will have a direct impact on the range and useful life of the voyage, so that the demand for heat management of new energy vehicles is higher than that of conventional vehicles, with three-load zero products.
To meet the needs of new energy vehicles to optimize their energy use, upgrade their range, and achieve a balanced demand for traditional vehicles for energy-saving emission reductions and stable performance, the product performance is clear. The company has now become a first-tier supplier to Tesla, supplying it mainly with expansion valves, water coolers, oil coolers, pumps, etc.
The power to supply products such as m3-type new energy heaters, electro-inflated valves, etc. Tesla, as the driver of electric car collars, has an extremely strong sticking effect, and becoming a supplier will significantly enhance the global market impact of the company, and the company is expected to outperform it in 2018 as Tesla builds its domestic plant and progresses towards volume production.
In addition, the company has become a supplier of Daimler electronic pumps, and a heat management system provider for Volvo electric vehicles. The country has become a strategic partner for new energy car manufacturers such as Biadi, Gilly, Upper Gas, Chang An, Guangtae, and Wei.
The operation of new energy car heat management systems, such as valves, new energy heaters, will be rapidly developed and will become a triple zero weight.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given: