At the same time, there was a significant decline in the return ratio, with lower-season prices shifting away from suppression of profitability. Oil prices fell year-on-year on 02, 2025, but the year-on-year price splits and exchange rate depreciations held up profits.
\triangleright collection equals - 5.7%, split by: international receipts equal to -16%, guest rate equal to +4.6 pcts, passenger kilometre capacity. Oil prices fall back year-on-year, and corporate unit fuel costs equal to -7.9%, releasing profit.
The exchange loss was partially offset by a loss of 910 million yuan recognized by the company throughout the year. \triangleright
The company reports an annual increase of 89, 91 and 71 aircraft introduced in 2025-2027, of which 51, 44, 25 in 320 and 19, 30 and 32 in 737.
The introduction of 12, 8, 10, a,320, and b737, in the three-year period, is the main force for future fleet growth. In 2020, aircraft supply problems led to the passive introduction of the entire Boeing flight into the Airbus series, and we believe that the new delivery plan, if delivered as scheduled, will ease pressure on the fleet of some of the company’s molecules.
A better occupancy and price balance in the off season will help industry and companies to improve their profits. \triangleright/tonne is high, fuel costs are high for profit suppression, and oil prices have improved markedly in the last quarter, but people have done so on a quarterly basis.
The currency depreciates by almost 2.5% against the US dollar. Throughout the year, the departures from the guest rate and prices, whether during the summer season or the rest of the season, were a common factor in the repression of corporate profits.
10%, if the price of oil remains at the current level, it means a significant drop in unit fuel costs throughout the year. Keep in mind the potential profit space offered by cost mitigation and revenue management optimization, it is recommended that attention be paid to the improvement in the volume balance of the off season.
The methodology and analytical logic lead to the conclusions of the study, the independent and objective presentation of the present report and the accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.