Innovative plates are showing good performance, continuing transformation and upgrading.
A 5 per cent increase in the same year for products excluding the new crown; a net return to the mother of $1,225 million, a decrease of 31 per cent in the same year; a steady increase in revenues from the first-time coverage of the 24h1 innovative drugs and a high profit on the equipment and service plate.
14.7 billion yuan, or 72 per cent less than the previous year, and 1.89 per cent more than the same year without the new crown. The profit is a rise in sales of products such as the Curly Pearls and Sluleys; 1,453 million dollars for anti-infection products, or 56 per cent less, as a result of sales such as Azov's fixed tablets; and 1 billion dollars for cardiovascular products, or the same increase.
Add 22%, due to the increase in the overseas market for hepatic preparations and the increase in single-minded sales. 2) Medical devices and diagnostics charge $2.1 billion, a 7% drop in the same year, 5% increase in the same year without the new crown, profit - $54 million, Song Lil-Jing.
The corresponding decrease of $168 million is mainly due to the new coronary antigens, a significant decrease in income from nucleic acid test agents, medical consultations : songliying_yj@chinastock.com.cn, the non-expected sale of products and an increase in the cost of direct regional sales of the acute medical sector.
The revenue was $3.7 billion, an increase of 17 per cent over the same year, and the profit of $14 billion, a decrease of $128 million over the same year, a decrease in losses due to operational focus on the line, optimization of expenditures, and the reduced cost of pharmaceutical collections. Costs were well regulated and the overall cost rate decreased. 24h1 sales cost was 21 per cent, a decrease of 3 pct over the same year;
The management cost rate is 10 per cent, an increase of 0.5 pct over the same year, the impact of new mergers and acquisitions is eliminated, management costs are reduced, R & D costs 1,862 million yuan, research and development costs of pharmaceutical plates 1,572 million yuan, companies are taking innovative R & D inputs, research and development and bd innovation medicines are being approved continuously, and innovation drugs are increasing dynamic energy. 24h1 autonomous R & D and licensing is increasing.
Four innovative/biologically similar drugs were introduced for a total of nine adaptations. The tradole beads were put on the market in the United States, the rabies vaccine (vero cells) in China, the rabies vaccine in China, the four new adaptive devices in Adamwood China, and the second adaptive device in Ma's aphrodisiac aphrodisiac China.
Investment proposal: The company is marketed with a wealth of products and a wide range of areas, and with the introduction of anti-cancer products, there has been a gradual increase in sales and sales of high-yield biopharmaceuticals, while companies continue to develop large and small molecules.
The Division's current profit projections are now at a reasonable level for 24 years, with the first coverage, with a “recommended” assessment of the need to recover the risk below expectations; product sales below expectations; and research and development progress below expectations.
In 1994, after more than 20 years of development, it became a global medical health industry.
In December 2004, the name was changed to " Restar Medicine " , a reasonable collating of the shares of the pharmaceutical companies under the flag, the consolidation of the medical resources of the galaxy, and the gradual stripping of other industries.
The company is owned by Mr. Kwok Guangchang, who holds 22.45% of the stock in direct and indirect re-assembly medicine. There are a number of subsidiaries under the Sino-Star medicine flag, including the pharmaceutical plate Hwang, Jiangsuwan, Guilin Nam, Chongqing drug friend, gland pharma, medical instruments and diagnostic boards (sisram, breas), visual re-entry stars, etc.
Medical health services, including the Fushan Sengchen Hospital. Figure 2: The medical stock structure of the company's main business, covering pharmaceuticals, medical instruments and medical diagnostics, medical health services, etc., is covered through participation in the national drug control system.
More specifically, the largest share of pharmaceutical plates is received, with products such as anti-cancer and immuno-resilient products, anti-infection products, metabolic and digestive system products, cardiovascular system products, central nervous system products, raw materials medicines, and intermediate products. The highest sales in 2023 were for anti-cancer and immuno-resilient products, with a core product of $7.6 billion, an increase of 38%.
Through autonomous R & D, collaborative development, licensing, incubation, continuous enrichment of innovative product pipelines, upgrading of research and clinical development capabilities for new medicines, and accelerating research and transformation of innovative technologies and products. The company focuses on core treatment areas such as tumors (physical, blood tumors), self-immunisation, central nervouss, slow diseases (hepatic/peatic/renal diseases), with a focus on strengthening small molecules, antibodies/adcs,
Cell therapy, the nna core technology platform, the creation of open, globalized and innovative R & D systems, and the active exploration of the layout of cutting-edge technologies such as oncology vaccines, i.e. drug research and development, and the continuous upgrading of core R & D capabilities and the value of pipelines to promote the development and commercialization of more fic (first-inclas) and bic (best-in-clas) products.
This is due to the effect of a significant decline in revenues from new crown-related products (including rebot (mrna ' s new crown vaccine), Chebeon (Azf ' s tablets), new crown antigens and nucleic acid test agents, etc.). Without the new crown-related products, operating income increased by about 12% in 2023, with a total of about 683 million yuan in product disposal and reduction prepared; and 2) a significant decline in income from new crown-related products, resulting in a corresponding decline in profits.
Operating cash flows are generally stable and the level of indebtedness is generally healthy. Since 2018, corporate operating cash flows have matched the scale of revenue base. From 2018 to 2023, the corporate asset-liability ratio remained at around 50 per cent and the overall level of indebtedness was healthy; roe maintained steady growth in innovative products, internationalization and innovation continued to progress.
Three major operations are still in the adjustment phase, with a steady growth in innovative products. 1) Pharmaceuticals, with fast growth in income from priority varieties such as Hans (Sruli vs.), Injection with curly beads, Sukosin (Marxy avocado) and 2024h1 pharmaceutical plates, yielding revenue of $14.7 billion, a decrease of 8 per cent, and Māori 55 per cent. 2) Medical equipment operations due to new coronal antigens, nucleotide testing tests, etc.
(i) Pharmaceutical plates: new products marketed as a catalyst for anti-cancer and growth of immune-resilient plates Significant changes in the product structure of the pharmaceutical plate, leading to a jump in anti-cancer and immuno-resilience-resilient plates. Major changes in the intake ratio were made in 2018-2023, with core products in areas such as chemical-based metabolic and digestive systems subject to clustering, product structure, etc.
The share of sales in the area of anti-infection was reduced in 2021 by the sale of new crown products, which rose rapidly to 30 per cent of the pharmaceutical plate, falling back to 14 per cent in 2023; as a result of the continued marketing of new products in recent years, anti-cancer and immuno-regulation income from the sale of core products in the field of anti-cancer and immuno-regulation has continued to rise. The core products of anti-cancer and immuno-regulation control include:
Han Kuyo (injection of curly beads) and Han Likang (resistance of résistance), Hans (Sruly single anti-injection fluids), Su Ko-Shin (Afalcho paps), among others, sold 2749 million won in 2023, an increase of 58.19 per cent, and Hans (slui single anti-injection fluids) sold 2,749 million yuan in 2023, a rise of the same amount.
The Division focuses on innovative medical research and development in the field of anti-cancer and immunization treatments. With the growth contribution of Han Litthopi, Han Kuo, Su Kohein, etc., the growth of anti-cancer and immunization regulation between 2020 and 2021, the turnover of core products increased by about 140% in comparison, with more in March 2022 (Sruli single anti-injection fluids).
Four hundred and fifty-five million yuan, an increase of 9.52 per cent over the same period, is expected to add to the sales of core products in the field of the treatment of metabolic and digestive system diseases as a result of the increase in sales of products such as curly beads and Scruleys.2 The income from the sale of core products in the field of the treatment of diseases in the metabolic and digestive system is stable.
In the 2021s, the turnover of the core products of the systems of thanks and digestion decreased by 19.79 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the decline in unit prices following the collection of excellent (non-buzzo) pieces. In 2022-2023, business income remained stable, and in 2023 the sales of core products in the field of anti-infective disease treatment continued to be disrupted by the new crown-related products in recent years.
Total. In 2021, the income from Mnna ' s new crown vaccine and from the sale of Mikaffin ' s net and Mesquien ' s net sales (injection of sodium dimino) increased by 119.54 per cent from the same year for the core anti-infection products. In 2023, the core products in the field of cardiovascular disease treatment were eliminated, while in 2023, the core products in the field of cardiovascular disease treatment suffered a fall in income, with 24h1 new products generating growth.
Cardiac products include hepato herbicides, python (pitoxine calcium tablets), cerebral tans, etc. The volume of sales and unit prices dropped by 19.50 per cent in 2021 from Yuzhmosu (pitraz calcium tablets) after the harvest. In 2022, business earnings increased by 6.12 per cent as a result of an increase in the sale of hepatic herb formulations.
The decline, with business income falling by 20.71 per cent over the same period, was accompanied by a strong market for innovative products in 2023. 2024h1 generated $1 billion, an increase of 22 per cent, owing to the growth of the overseas market for hepatophilin formulations and a single-minded sales.5 The central nervous system has a concussion between the income zones of the core products in the field of treatment of diseases in the central nervous system.
Acid eether to ether injection fluids, enlightenment (polymeric sulfur tablets), Odkin (protein injection fluid for calf serum). In 2020-2022, income from the sale of this series of products continued to decline as sales of Odkin (protein injection fluid for calf serum) continued to decline. Sales increased in 2023 for long Tonin (tetraethylene injection fluids for hydrochloric acid) and revenue from the sale of core products of the central nervous system stopped.
(ii) Medical instruments and diagnostic plates: medical devices are new, medical diagnostics are short-term pressure, medical equipment contains a large part of medical beauty, respiratory health, professional equipment and consumables, of which 1 is a medical platform subsidiary;
As one of the leaders of the global energy-source medical artery for sisram, the launch of a dual wave long-vascular laser device almaveil to the North American market, the registration application of the proxy long-acting meat toxin daxify and the profhilo for the high-concentration transparent sodium acid product have been processed by the National Drug Control Service, while the recovery medical technology has completed the acquisition of direct distribution channels in China for medical and aesthetic operations in China.
The share of direct sales income rose to 78%. In 2023, $359 million was collected for the recovery of medical technology, an increase of 1.41%, accentxl soprano.
Harmony Almadouo Almavei
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
xlpro • Launching of a dual wavelength vascular laser device almaveilTM in the North American market, which effectively targets common skin and vascular diseases • Moving ice point defistation devices sopranotitanium and fresh skin and facial tight equipment popus to the new market
• Two additional supplements to the laser-aided adsorption and skin-tightening equipment beauutifillal with a U.S. fda regulatory licence liposenseTM fibres and adipose tissue transport equipment to increase surgical safety by measuring temperature in the treatment area cellfieTM supplementary reagent box to conduct particulate containment loops from the self-fat tissues collected, enriched and transferred by the resin-absorption equipment
It's for re-injection.
Profhilo (i.e., injection of sodium transparent acid solution) from revanesse long-acting bottox 002 and high-concentration translucent sodium acid products landed in the south-east of the country as a licensed drug*
• In January, a strategic partnership was established with Prollenium to acquire a revanesse 2 platform for respiratory health using advanced pipure techniques, including breas, to open up domestic, medical respirators and marketing networks covering markets in Europe, the United States, China, Japan, India and Australia, and to continue to deepen China's localization.
3) Professional equipment and consumables are visual re-starry etc., da Vinci surgical robots were officially offline in October 2023, and the intern tube navigation operating system was approved at nmpa in March 2024. Figure 20: Professional equipment and waste platform products
Da Vinci's operating robots, 55 domestic installed in 2023, over 350 installed, over 3,000 medical professionals accepted at Da Vinci's Innovation Center.
By the end of 2023, there were 8,606 global aggregates of over 76,000 medical professionals who had received Da Vinci's operating system.
Training in the use of more than 14.2 million early detection robots for lung cancer, approved by Nmpa in March for early detection and treatment of lung cancer.
Soft robots with shape-sense technology can use bronchial tubes for precision diagnostic work on the pulmonary pulmonary larvae, import the lon system, and import the home-made part of the live needles.
In February, we introduced the Nmpa Innovative Medical Devices Special Review Program.
The short-term performance pressure of the diagnostic plate is particularly appropriate for operation within the narrow cavity. In 2023, income from new coronary antigens, nucleic acid test agents dropped significantly, with a clear short-term impact on the income from medical diagnostic operations and profits.
i6000 hypervelocity immuno-analysts, fully autonomous intellectual property rights, access to laboratory automation systems, provision of holistic solutions (iii) loss of medical services, stable profits from the flow of medicines, annual growth of medical services, short-term pressure on net profits.
There are 6548 beds in total; there are eight Internet hospital licence plates. The main hospital in the Great Pearl Delta Bay region is centred on the Fushan Shan City Hospital, the Radiation Bay District, working with medical resources to promote the regional medical community's online and offline integrated service model. The Sengxing Medicine has 87.41% shareholding in the Chenchen Hospital, which is a large general level III hospital with an authorized bed of 1750.
The annual income of $6.67 billion increased by 9.74 per cent on a year-on-year basis and the net profit of $200 million decreased by $420 million on a year-on-year basis; the 2024h1 health care plate received $3.7 billion on a year-on-year basis increased by 17 per cent, the net profit - $140 million on a year-on-year basis decreased by $128 million and, despite short-term net profit pressure, the net profit loss was reduced and the future gains are expected to be reversed.
Circulation operations, national drug holdings, continue to expand coverage and contribute to a stable net profit.
1. Pharmaceutical manufacturing and research and development: with the listing of innovative products such as anti-cancer products, sales and sales of innovative products such as high-origin biopharmaceuticals account for 2); medical diagnostics and medical devices: due to the higher base of medical diagnostics and medical cabinets affected by the sale of new crown products, it is expected that 3) medical services: company-controlled Foshan Sanchen Hospital, Radiation Bay District, in coordination with medical resources, taking into account on-line business adjustments,
4) Other business: taking into account changes in the overall economic environment, we give a flat forecast of the growth rate of other services, the Māori rate of each company is rich in marketed products, the area of coverage is wide, the sales and sales of high Māori biopharmaceuticals are increasing as anti-cancer products are marketed, while companies continue to develop and introduce larger and smaller molecules, and innovation and internationalization contribute to the company.
(b) Table 3: Profit performance with industry companies and valuation projections (based on rounding on 28 August); the risk of rising raw materials prices; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations affecting the exchange gains of companies; and the risk that downstream demand will not recover as much as expected;
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Institute of Galaxy Securities in 2024 for in-depth research in the fields of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicines. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Suitability matches and full knowledge of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to clients and do not provide assurance as to the accuracy or integrity of the purchase, purchase or purchase of securities or other financial instruments. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report.