The first priority in the country is to review the Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals and the Heung Swe Medicines (600276).
On 7 February, Heung Swe announced his declaration to the fda of an ammonium sulfon to the arcium bank.
On 8 February, the company announced that it would inject carpofon net (accepted cyhs1201509 su),
Acetic Acetic Acetate Net Capofin (admissible number cxhs1200312 s) was approved, and Capofin was the first drug to be approved through a priority review (first example).
1. Alcuku ammonium landed in the U.S., where it was added to the internationalization depth report that we published earlier, " The international scene is open, the agent is on the rise, the potential species of Heung Swe are predicted and recommended.
They focused on one of the varieties, and this time the dada was approved to fully validate the logic and prejudgement of the da da, which we used to extrapolate from dmf.
Oncalvs soluble adenoma virus exclusive, with the expectation that future ammonium sulfonate ammonium sulfonics would only be available on the United States market for the original abbvieinc, sandozinc and freseniuskabiusallc (table 1).
The third quarter of 2016 of Heung Swe Medicine (600276) is a financial review: high and sustained performance is as expected, and the size of the market is about $70 million (figure 1) for the year of innovation + and the current pattern of competition is three days.
50% of the original research, like sandoz, about 30%, like Freseniuskabi, about 3%, and the Hin Swe Medicines (600276), which is reported to be 20% overseas, we believe will continue to increase the share of generics in the future, and Hin Swe will continue to do so through tiva.
Figure 1: Ammonium Bombo end sales and patterns of competition in the region.
2. Looking forward to 2017, the growth of overseas operations is mainly based on heptafluoroane and aromatic ammonium, and ada is expected to show an increase in outbreaks.
In the case of the currently approved danda, cyclophosphate is a unique product in the export business. In 2016, the total market size of cyclophosphate was about 590 million, and the market share of cyclophosphate was over 50% (figure 2).
Based on the total amount of cyclophosphamide, heptafluoroamide and ammonium accummonium, which were approved after cyclophosphate, are in good shape, and are expected to grow up with a perfect coiled cyclophosphamide. The sum of heptafluoroane and ammonium aque ammonium is expected to reach US$ 65-90 million in sales revenue.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): A breakthrough in the review of national priorities for the export of preparations and the addition of new recruits.
These varieties are expected to be approved. The total sales of these varieties are expected to reach 120 million.
Karpofin is a semi-synthetic lipophilic compound that applies to both adult and child patients with a reduction in their empirical treatment of the neutrological particle cells, co-heated fever, and patients with fungi infections and other treatments that are ineffective or intolerant of invasive fungi. Capofen is a national health-care catalogue product. Henrich Karpph entered the priority review channel in March 2016, and was approved in January 2017. This is the first type to be approved through a priority review.
According to a company announcement, the global market size for 2015 was 535 million yuan and the Chinese market size was 75 million yuan. We followed up on the first replica in the priority review line of Heung Swe, based on ims data, with the right metomic sulfate spray, sulfurda liver to sodium injection, thibutol injection fluid, Palyol injection fluid, and purple filamentol injection (teprotein combination), the basics and the points of view are shown in table 4.
Table 4: Overview of Heng Swe's Priority Review Varieties
Of the priority reviewed varieties, we focus more on the injection of violet sapiens (the protein combination). The global sales revenue for this species is close to $1 billion, the country ' s size was around $300 million in 2015, but it is growing faster and has the potential to become a 1 billion yuan class. Clinical batches are now available, and it is expected that the season will be more frequent, both within and outside the sea.
The end is expected to maintain a high rate of growth of more than 20%. 2017 is expected to be the year of the Henryanda outbreak, while several of the first varieties are expected to benefit from priority reviews to accelerate their listing. We look forward to the company’s long-term development and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): The first priority review in the country was a breakthrough in the export of preparations and the addition of new recruits.
Zhang Kim Yung, head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team leader, first list in 2016, and second non-public list in 2016. Seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, third team in 2015
Core member: Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Economics, Beijing University; and Master of Science, Kings Business School, three years old. Served in the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., Min Seong Securities Company Ltd., Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., July 2016.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.