The company published its annual report for 2016: operating revenue of $11,094 million, an increase of 19.08 per cent.
The net profits of the shareholders of listed companies increased by 19.22% over the same period, resulting in a high rate of growth in the main power varieties and the continued optimization of the product structure of listed company shareholders. During the reporting period, the company’s anti-cancer product lines maintained a high rate of growth, resulting in an operating income of $4,83 billion, or 25.68% over the same period.
In a new version of the health catalogue, the company’s products are being adjusted to meet the needs of Metomicine, Datomoxin, Irechab, and Frebs, and it is expected that the company’s performance will continue to grow rapidly.
Under price-reducing and market competitive pressures, firms achieve smoother and faster growth with high-quality product quality and excellent academic outreach, and are expected to achieve sustained internationalization strategies after industry has fully shuffled in terms of R & D, production, and sales. Companies now have Ilyium hydrochloride (2011), and Gaba Spray Din (2013, suspended).
Periodical approval, cyanide (2013), cyclophosphamide (2014), heptafluoroane (2015), ammonium sulfonic acid (2017), Dositas (2017), eight products obtained the fdaanda symbol, of which the sale of cyclophosphate increased steadily, heptafluoroamide and ammonium sulfonic acid, with a better competition pattern for both products combined
In terms of international cooperation, the company has introduced Japanese oncolysbiopharma's soluble adenoma product, telomelysin, and has established a subsidiary in the United States responsible for overseas operations.
Internationalization strategies continue, and the expansion of mature markets abroad is expected to make a flexible contribution to corporate performance on the one hand, and to boost the marketing of products in domestic markets on the other.
The company's product, right-hand metomic nose spray (child drug), injection of purple filamentol (teprotein combination type), acetic carpowder net, injection of acetic carpofon, sulfoda sodium sodium aromatic fluid, and palebicidal fluid.
At the same time, phosphate Rigretine, polyethanol recombinant human particle irritation factor (19k) is expected to be re-declared, with the potential for both markets expected to be no less than Apadaloni. Overall, companies are more innovative in terms of research and development, they have a wealth of pipelines, they have a large variety of innovative drugs, and they have great prospects for future development.
The company is the leader of an innovative drug in the country, and there are prospects for future development. The rapid growth of the company’s oncology, anaesthesia, and film-making product line products, the resilience of the export products to corporate performance, the continued progress of the internationalization strategy, and the abundance of the pipelines, with many heavy-pound products expected to benefit, will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed, nor is there any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have sought to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for reference purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute securities issued by companies and transactions, and may provide or seek to provide investment banking services or other services to such companies.