Internationalization to enhance enterprise development elasticity, innovation medicine to drive corporate performance growth,
The company has recently obtained a licence from the British Drug and Health Products Administration and the German Federal Drug and Medical Agency for the marketing of drugs with acetic carpenterine injection.
Re-addressing overseas markets, a firm internationalization strategy, introduction of formulation export + varieties of capofen acetic acid, mainly for adult and child patients (three months and up to three months) in the form of empirical treatment of reduced particle cells, suspected fungi infections with fever patients, and treatment
The treatment of other invasive curvatures that are ineffective or intolerant is the first to be developed by Merk in the United States of America to be approved in January 2001 by the United States fda, and the products are also approved for the treatment of bacterium disease and other pyrocytological infections, esophagus.
Pyrobiosis and fungi infection among people with thermal neutral particle cell reduction. It is now widely marketed globally, with about $534 million in global market sales in 2015, of which domestic companies have net access to UK and German listings for Acetic Carpofin injection, not only in the United Kingdom, but also in Germany.
The company's efforts to maintain the internationalization path have been accompanied by a full demonstration of the high quality of its products, which will provide a good brand base for their future promotion at home and abroad, while the company's net production in Cape Fenn was approved in January and foreign markets and regulatory recognition will upgrade it.
To date, the company has several danda symbols, such as Gaba spraydine, Osali pylon, cyclophosphate, heptafluoroamide, and recently acquired sulfonic acid ammonium, Dositas. During the same period, the company inhaled heptafluoroalkanes to the United States and injected cyclophosphorus.
There has also been a steady increase in the sale of products such as ammonium. Companies have focused on the promotion of innovative drugs overseas, with drugs such as Rigretine, Haetrapopa, pd-l1 (shr-1316), il-17 (shr-1314) in the United States.
Among other things, it is worth noting that the company will continue to conduct a clinical trial in the United States of America. At the same time, the company has increased its efforts to introduce varieties, and has been working with the Japanese company Concolysbiopharma to introduce adenoma products.
As the company pushes ahead with its internationalization strategy, overseas operations take place as public growth points, and through innovative drugs outside the sea and internationalization, more high-quality drugs are introduced to create domestic varieties.
The two-way mechanism introduced by both oral and overseas varieties is effective in consolidating the logic of sustained growth by domestic industry leaders + opening up Xinjiang beyond the sea.
The growth in corporate sales is mainly due to oncological drugs, film agents, surgical anesthesia, and infusion products. Oncological drugs continue to be in the forefront of the market, with an increase in business earnings of 25.68% over the year, a 30.05% over the year and an increase in operating anaesthesia of 19.14% over the same year.
At the same time, his inclusion in the new health-care catalogue of the company's products of right-hand Metomicine, datomoxin, Ere Schribb and Frebs would benefit significantly from the volume of sales brought about by health-care payments, which would lead to the promotion of the company, which received mainly anti-cancer drugs (43 per cent) and anaesthesia (27 per cent) owing to the advantages of the promotion of the unit.
The proportion of film agents (12 per cent) was ranked second and third, respectively. 1) Oncological drug lines: the innovative drug Apadalini has grown significantly since its listing in 2014, plus the promotion of the last round of bidding for medicines and the health-care negotiation catalogue, which will gradually be released.
After two years of marketing as an innovative target for small molecules, Apadeni's sales to small molecules has increased to 3.77%. As the distribution of products deepens, there will be an accelerated growth in sales of other varieties.
phosphamide (+20.55 per cent), Dégio capsules (+17.34 per cent), Ilyusium injected with hydrochloride 2) surgical anaesthesia products: company priority varieties, right-to-metomis, account for the vast majority of the market in the country, and right-to-right Metomis, based on sales to public hospitals in priority cities, are expected to outpace overall market growth rates.
Twenty-five per cent of the company ' s right metomy sales grew by 44.34 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2016, and as the market grew and the right metomy was scheduled to be included in the new version of the health insurance catalogue, there was still much room for growth this year as the drug was tendered. In addition, the volume of sales with heptafluoroaltanes increased by 19.28 per cent on a year-on-year basis, root.
According to the sale of public hospitals in priority cities, the overall market has been growing at around 15 per cent, with companies seven growing by 57.00 per cent over the same period. According to the sale of public hospitals in priority cities, companies each now account for about 50 per cent of the market share, and the market has grown at a high rate to drive the company ' s operations in this category.
4) Other products: Erichhamb benefited from this health-care catalogue adjustment, combined with a strong marketing team of companies, which will be the highlight of the company’s continued growth in its performance in the future. The company’s important product, sodium potassium glucose injections, increased steadily by 15.59% in 2016.
3. Intensive investment in research and development, with priority given to reviewing the pace of deployment. Research and development innovation is fundamental to the survival of the company. In 2016, the company invested cumulatively in R & D, with an increase of 32.82 per cent over the same period, pushing the firm ' s project R & D and product innovation more strongly.
In order to enhance the firm ' s core competitiveness, the company has been among the top providers of R & D inputs over the years, at a rate of more than 30 per cent per year, while R & D costs as a share of revenue have gradually risen to 10.2 per cent.
In 2016, the company acquired seven clinical batches of innovative medicines, 36 clinical batches of generic pharmaceutical preparations, 2 batches of generic pharmaceutical preparations, 9 product reference kits, and completed bioequivalency tests for four products. The company currently has the right to hydrochloric acid.
The introduction into the priority review list of various drugs, such as metomium sulfox sprays, injection of purple sapol, acetic carpofol, injection of acetic carpofol, sulfur-divine sodium, and pallized ol injection, has greatly accelerated the pace of the company ' s products and laid the foundation for a priori advantage.
The Division's research on the product polyethanol recombinant human particle cytogen irritation fluid (19k) and so on is expected to rewrite it.
In January 2017, he was approved for production with fungi all over his body with cappofine acetic acid.
III. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: x 26. We believe that the company’s innovative medicines are becoming more dynamic, while health-care catalogue adjustments and drug recruitment targets will lead to the release of the company’s medicines, a steady increase in agent export operations, and a rich stock of varieties.
So, for the first time, we gave a “buy-in” rating. Company bidding for pharmaceuticals was lower than expected; approval of medicines was less advanced than expected; and research and development pipelines were in progress.
Less than expected; less than expected agent exports.