Heung Swe Medicine (600276.ss) failed to perform as expected: the outlook for 2017 was perfect, key clinical trials were on schedule.
Higher number due to advance payments by Inc. of about RMB 100 million for pd-1; 2) higher cost of sales (2016: Heung Swe Medicine (600276, ss) Average Asia-Pacific pharmaceutical industry
For an increase of 25.4 per cent in the sales of anti-cancer drugs in the country over the same period, see the information disclosure section of this report for a full description of the right metomic acid (sales equal to investment summary indicators).
The increase in the Māori rate (1.8 percentage points) was driven by a double increase in sales costs and R & D expenditure. The ii phase of clinical trials for liver/pulmonary cancer treatment will be completed in the first half of 2017, followed by the iii phase of testing; 2) the test for the diocetniii started in October 2016; 3) 19k is pending review by the Drug Control Board.
1) The sales base for overseas anti-cancer drugs was low in 2016, although management has set an increase in post-clinical trials in 2017, with an increase in R & D expenditure income. The impact of the inclusion of Ere Schebb and right-wing metomy in the national health insurance catalogue was smaller in 2017, but it may be better to promote sales in 2018/19.
Project failure; 2) price reduction; 3) failure to meet US/EU cgmp standards. The Heung Swe Medicines Survey 2016/2017 has business relationships and continues to seek to develop them.
Considering that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report, the information should not be considered, see the appendix to the information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
Chen Zi-Yi, Chen Ji-Yi, who contributed to this report, hereby states that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, has not been, will not be, and will not be.
The investment summaries evaluate the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the Unit within the regional research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns of cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (corporate management).
The effectiveness of the management of the stratum in the environmental, social and corporate governance of the industry: Chen Ziai: a share of medicine.a A share of medicine: Heung Swe medicine, re-starry medicine (a).
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on Heung Swe Medicine (rmb50.76) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
Manages the list of investments in the region, but the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.