The company has developed a new impetus through the approval of Karpofin ' s net overseas evaluation of the Heung Swe Medicines (600276) Events: Net Access to British Pharmaceuticals and Health Products Administration for Acetic Carpofens by Injection of Corporate Products and the German Federal Drug and Medical Authority
Acetic acid has a wide range of net clinical applications and is a high-quality front-line anti-festile drug. The main anti-fungial drugs currently on the market include triazoles (e.g., Volicontylene, Flucone, etc.), alkylamines (e.g., Tepiphene), polyfins (e.g., glymethrin) and thorny cellulose.
The biosynthesis of the wall ' s beta-lugose (the human cell without cell wall) is therefore less toxic to humans, its fungi resistance spectrum is extensive and non-cross-resistant, and the currently marketed fungi anti-couples of the thorny bacterium include carpofine, Mikaffin net, Anifin net, three of which are the first-line drugs for pyrocytosis and invasive pyrocytosis infection, and a reduction in the number of patients in granular cells.
The net effect of Capofin and Mikaffin is better than the net effect of Anifin, and clinically Capofin is recommended as a single-line drug for the reduction of granular cells and the continuation of empirical anti-festile treatment for high-heating patients.fda was expanded in 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2008 in view of the high-quality treatment effects of Capofin.fda
Table 1, Anti-Fisturing Drugs for Streptococcals, Table 2, Net Adaptive Disorders in Capofin, Table 1.
The market has been marketed for many years at $600 million, with the product sold in the EU market in 2016 amounting to approximately $290 million (in 2016).
The company’s approval in Germany and the United Kingdom in the EU’s main markets will provide flexibility to the company’s performance with higher value for money and a better competitive environment, and the product is expected to reach $50 million in both markets. At the same time, the product’s approval in Germany and the United Kingdom is sufficient to demonstrate its excellent product quality.
Higher than imported products (market advantage) and, as the first generic product, with a favourable one-year period of market monopoly (competitive environmental advantage), the product is expected to be rapidly released and replaced by imports.
Innovative + internationalization strategies will provide companies with a sustained momentum for development. The product has been approved as a typical case of companies benefiting from a priority review, with company products such as the right metomic stether (child drug), the injection of purple filamentol (teprotein combination), sulfadoxa, sodium injectable fluids, and the Palosterol injection fluid, which is expected to continue to benefit from a priority review policy.
In general, innovation genes will drive companies to form high-quality product lines, internationalization strategies will create a wider market space for high-quality corporate products, strong internal R & D, and out-markets will provide long-term incentives for companies to develop.
The company is the leader of an innovative drug in the country, and there are prospects for its future development. The company’s oncology, anaesthesia, film-making products, high growth, export products, resilience to company performance, internationalization strategies, and a rich pipeline, many heavy-pound products are expected to benefit from pharmaceutical reform. We appreciate the company’s long-term development, and the company’s forecast for 2017-2019 is ps.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed, nor is there any change in the information and the recommendations contained therein. We have sought to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference purposes only, and the information or observations in the report are not made.
Securities issued and traded by visiting companies may also provide or seek to provide investment banking services or other clothing for these companies