Tossi Tsanda was approved in 2017, or into Heung Swe overseas, danda + two years of income, Heung Swe medicine.
On February 15, 2017, Tsaidanda of Hsingry was approved by Fda and admitted in.
Orange Book. This is the second ada approval for Hen-Swe this year, and the drug's approval marks further growth of the Heung-seo formulation export ladder. 1. Dosi-Tata race is approved, and the revenues from agent exports will increase further in 2017.
Total equity/flowa shares (in thousands) of documents, of which 9 are Nda and 4 are danda (see table 1 for a total of 16 manufacturers, if Hsing Swe eventually accounts for about 5 per cent of the market share,
Oncological drugs have gradually formed into clusters, and the special advantage has begun to highlight the fact that among the previously approved dandas in Hennessey, Elitukon, Osalithium, and cyclophosphate are anti-cancer drugs. The Dosita race was approved and marked the anti-cancer ladder in Henish.
The team has been enriched and is gradually forming a cancer-resistant cluster. In a specific area, a cluster of pharmaceutical companies will have a higher voice and a higher price when negotiating with the conduits.1 The Heung Swe Pharmacy (600276) event is being evaluated:
Oncolys soluble adenoma virus exclusive, expected to export danda+income in the future with formulations that will be Hing Swe in 3.2017
From the beginning of 2017 to the present, Heung Swe has been granted two dandas, and many of the products in 2016-10-31 are expected to be approved in 17 years. We believe that 17 years will be a massive cut.
3 The Heung Swe Medicines (600276) report a year of recognition in overseas industries. The approval and listing of a number of anda products will contribute significantly to the rapid growth of Heung Swe’s business performance, with innovation complemented by internationalization.
The source of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Dossi Tsienda was approved, or Arseni overseas, 2017. Figure 1: Dosi Tsaibombo terminal sales and competition patterns.
Table 1: The Dosita Netda/anda list, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, Table 2: Heung Swe's been approved for an overview
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Dosi Tsaianda was approved in 2017 or the year of the outbreak of Hsi overseas preparations 4. The formulation exports the domestic market for anti-feeding, and the Dosi Tsi race is expected to be replaced by further imports.
The Dossiers were approved overseas, which is also good for the domestic market in the Heinre Dossiers. The Dossiers are mature cash products in the Hennessey lines, selling about 1.2 billion yuan in 2016 based on terminal data, increasing at a rate of less than 5%. According to sample hospital data, Hennessey's Dossitos market is now number one, surpassing Senofi (figure 2), and sales revenue is stable (figure 3). Heinrich Tsaianda has been approved in the United States, home country.
The Dossier preparations are expected to benefit from tender advantages in the future, with further growth achieved through increasing market share. Figure 2: Dossier market patterns (2016 q3) Sources of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
Figure 3: Sample hospital Dositas, which is popular in and out of the country. The company’s revenues are expected to increase at a rate of more than 20%, benefiting from heptafluoroalkanes, acquit ammonium, Dositas and the country’s new capophones. 2017 is expected to be the year of the Henryanda outbreak, while many of the first generic species are expected to suffer.
We look forward to long-term corporate growth and maintain a “recommended” rating. Overseas operations are growing at a slower rate than expected, and there is a risk of innovative drug research and development, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Tossi Tsaianda was approved in 2017, or the year of the outbreak of the Heung Swe overseas agent, the source of the financial boom in the East, Zhang Jinyang.
Head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of work experience in the securities industry and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. The first team leader in the crystal ball, first in the public list in 2016, and second in the non-public list. The seventh core member in the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member in the crystal ball in 2015.
China’s Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., People’s Securities Company Ltd., and Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals Ltd. In July 2016, Hu Yong-Bai, a member of the United States, focused on investment opportunities such as chemicals, innovative industrial chains, and precision medicine.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.