Heung Swe Medicine (600276) is performing well as expected, and the pace of innovation is accelerating at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
A 19.2 per cent increase in performance and a gradual change in the income structure. The company achieved operating income of 11.9 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 19.1 per cent in comparison with the previous year; a net profit of 2.59 billion yuan in relation to the fourth quarter, an increase of 19.2 per cent in relation to the fourth quarter, and a net profit of 2.83 billion yuan in relation to the fourth quarter, an increase of about 16 per cent and 10 per cent in relation to the same period.
We believe that the main reason for the increase in revenue is the fact that, according to third-party data, Apalyni is expected to have about $1 billion in tax revenue for 2016. The structure of corporate income has gradually changed, non-cancer products have grown significantly, and product lines such as imaging agents, narcotics, etc. have grown;
(b) The growth of the same rate of increase in the production of film and narcotics was 30.1 per cent and 19.1 per cent, respectively, and the increase in the end-of-service sales of products such as iodine frothol, right-merit, aqueous ammonium, etc. was significant.
In 2016, research and development invested $1.18 billion, pd-1-led clinical packages of innovative drugs seven, pd-1 and diagony-based innovation varieties have entered 11,111 of their clinical practices and are expected to accelerate their listing in the future, and companies will gradually move into innovation medicine and innovation over the next three years.
In 2016, the Māori rate for the company’s pharmaceutical industry increased by 2.13 percentage points in the same year, with 1.47 percentage points for tablets and 2.01 percentage points for needles, and an increase in Māori rates is a reflection of the company’s combined “mixing” strength.
Innovation and internationalization are corporate goals, with overseas revenues of $430 million in 2016, an increase of 21.5% over the same period. There are now eight generic pharmaceuticals in the United States, and sales of mature products, such as cyclophosphate, have increased steadily, and heptafluoroalkane products have been approved by the end of 2015.
Innovative drugs have been sold successfully in the United States; they will also speed up the expansion of foreign markets, and Picteone has entered the US Clinic Phase 1, which is likely to be the first to be marketed in the United States, or the company’s first heavy-pound innovation abroad. While going out, companies are actively exploring the introduction of advanced technology and projects, both within and outside the country, and the introduction of Japan.
Oncolysbiopsharma's soluble adenoma virus product, telomelysintm, enhances the company's competitiveness in the field of anti-bigma; establishes a subsidiary in the United States that specializes in the introduction of overseas projects and will in the future introduce more innovative products into the country.
The leading role in the pharmaceutical industry, and the strong's persistent effects, have gradually been highlighted, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Innovative drug research and development has made a breakthrough (2016-07-07) 4. Heung Swe medicine (600276): withdrawal of impact, Apa
Hen Swe Medicines (2006-07): performance growth strong and post-life dynamic (2016-04-14)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.