Rities Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) Performance is largely in line with expectations, innovation and overseas performance underpins the future
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Heung Swe published its annual report, which achieved an income of $11.90 billion in 2016, an increase of 19.1 per cent; withholding of non-net profits was largely in line with expectations, with three disaggregated areas: oncology, anaesthesia, cinematography.
In the field, the income from anti-cancer drugs increased by 25.68 per cent compared to 25.68 per cent, with anaesthesia and cinematography increasing by 19.14 per cent and 30.05 per cent, respectively, more rapidly than in other areas. Anti-cancer drugs continued to be split up, with a more stable rate of increase of about 11 per cent in their domestic counterfeiting units; and innovative drugs, Apadaloni and export of cyclophosphate were prominent.
The film agent is relatively low, but its Māori rate is increasing rapidly. The company ' s overall net profit rate is about 19.3 per cent; 1. Multi-wheel drive development, rapid growth in performance - a 39.2 per cent increase in sales costs for Hen Swe medicine, an increase of 1.4 per cent over the previous year; and management costs of 2,266 million yuan, about the same increase.
In 2016, the company obtained the foda heptaaneanda, and in early 2017 it harvested the Atoku ammonium and Dosita. According to dmf batches, there are still future approval expectations for varieties such as kappetian and fluoroalkyne.
The drug market is starting to harvest. New overseas generics are coming up in 2017, new power in 2018, new drugs are going up at the desired pace, and heavy pounds are going to be on the market. The company's pipeline is about to be on the market after Ere Scheb and Apadeni.
In the last two years, we'll be on the market at 2.5 billion, 2 billion (in the country) and 1.5 billion (in sales).
Lee Jin-ray Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposals: The Impact of Bidding on Prices of generic pharmaceutical products: Innovative drug research and development has not progressed as expected: overseas varieties have been approved at a low level
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the enterprise's fundamentals and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.