We're going to have to take it seriously.
Rrb turnover (65% chance of getting the target price in stocktime)
The Nung Seh is the country's largest research and production base for anti-cancer drugs and surgical drugs, and one of the country's most capable large pharmaceutical companies, working on anti-cancer drugs, surgical drugs, endocrine treatments, cardiovascular drugs and others.
New developments in areas such as anti-infection drugs and the gradual emergence of branding advantages.
The company’s main business model is a hybrid business model of “Imitation+Creatives” that can be compared to the world’s three largest pharmaceutical companies, the nise:nvs.
The initial success of the oral target drug, which was sold at about rmb 20,000) and the expansion of overseas counterfeit drugs like the United States; according to the announcement, the company's 16q3 business received $8264 million in RMB, yoy+20.28 per cent belonging to the mother.
Pharmacy development progress; higher returns and increases in the company are mainly due to (1) company leadership in the market for anti-cancer drugs and (2) company experience in research and development teams and effective sales teams, especially in anti-cancer drugs.
The shares started in May 16th low renminbi 36.90, and they're stable.
This report is written by the Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.
A certificate of interest (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A certificate of benefit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not suffer any loss from the use of the report.
Responsibilities. Data and opinions on the contents of this report may or may not be changed before prior notice. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, or they may buy, sell, or offer the certificate described in the report.
It is not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificates mentioned in this report.
Group Benefit International Holdings Ltd. Hong Kong Interest Futures Ltd. Middle and Far East Building 183 Hong Kong Queens Avenue.
In Taipei, there's a company of 101 Matsunaga Road in Sinyi District, Shanghai City, 360 East South Road, New Shanghai, 32nd floor, room 3204-07.
14th floor of the Financial Building, 18th floor of the Interstate Building.