Internationalization + Innovative Medicines — Two major drivers of escort medicine — Flagship — Heng Swe Medical Research Report — Zhang Jingxian
After many years of farming, the internationalization of Heung Swe medicine has now obtained seven generic pharmaceutical listings on the United States market, and it is expected that another six to seven additional approvals will be obtained in 2017, ushering in a strong harvest that will bring significant growth in corporate income abroad in the coming years.
The company's research and development is aimed at innovative drugs, with a focus on the field of oncology, especially the pd-1 antibody, Jayash. At the same time, the company uses the product reserve to synchronize the development of joint oncology therapy, hoping to combine it.
The treatment tests competed with multinational drug companies for markets.
The U.S. is the core overseas market for Heung Swe medicine. After many years of placement, by 2016, the U.S. Department had obtained six US Fda-issued adamine pharmaceutical authorizations, and on January 27, this year, a new oligarchy ammonium. In addition, it is expected that the company will add six to seven new ones in 2017.
These products will be put into the market quickly, and they are expected to be fully released in 2019 as company revenues, while contributing far more than net interest rates on domestic products. R & D pipelines: development of co-therapy to leverage product reserves
The company’s R & D pipeline is centred on on oncological products, the most important of which are the pd-1 monooplasty. The company’s research and development of oncological therapy is not only for single drugs, but also for the development of combination therapy, which is more likely to have good treatments, but also to make effective use of the company.
Outside the field of oncology, companies have a pattern of diabetes, autoimmune disease, pain, cardiovascular disease, etc., and are also developing co-therapy. Overseas layout: a huge harvest of the United States-based Dana harvest in 2017.
In 2011, the first internationalized product of the drug, Ilyek, was obtained as a United States fda approval, and became the first Chinese to receive United States and European Union approvals for injection fluids. In the same year, Oshalicon obtained the EU approval, which marked the beginning of the internationalization of the drug.
In October, cyclophosphate was marketed in the United States to mark the official opening of the company’s internationalization of preparations. Six of the company’s products are now listed, including thugs, Oshaliproms, and Gaba spray-dine, while the company’s international chemical pipeline contains a large number of products, which will be marketed in the United States and the rest of the world from this year until 2022.
Seven to eight products are expected to be marketed in the United States and Europe. On February 7, the company announcement was issued by the United States fda, which opened up the company’s first harvest in 2017.
The company’s overseas sales are made through a cooperative model, whereby the company sells the product to the overseas cooperative, sells it by the cooperating company, receives the sales income and returns the cash to Heung Swe medicine in proportion to the share agreed upon.
The overseas market is centred on the United States, Japan, Europe, etc., and the internationalization of corporate formulations is not only directed at the United States, but also at countries around the world in Japan and Europe. The company’s international registration team is nearly two hundred people, including about 140 from the domestic team, over 10 from the American team, about 20 from the Japanese team, and several from Germany.
Although Japan’s pharmaceutical market is the third largest market in the world, Japan’s market is dominated by original drugs, with a small share of generic medicines. The high ratio of primary drugs has been a major reason for Japan’s second largest drug market for a long time.
The government is also actively promoting the use of generic drugs because of the fiscal pressure on health care. In terms of prices, Japanese counterfeits are priced at about half of the original drug, so net interest rates may even be higher than in the US.
The net interest rate on HS is much higher than on the domestic market. There are two main reasons, namely, that the drug flow chain in the United States is more secure, and that the clinical extension costs of access and copying drugs are much lower than in the domestic market; and that overseas revenues are accounted for mainly by profit fractions, which are deducted from the local flow chain in the United States.
On the basis of this, Monita estimates that Henry has a net foreign interest rate of close to 80%. Assuming that the overseas partner earns $100 from sales, $10 from production, etc.
The partner pays Heung-suk at customs, with the balance of $90 gross profit split by half, or $45. At the end of the day, Heung-suk earns $55, or $10, and the Māori rate is 82% (US$55-10)/55. Other costs are not expected to exceed the R&D pipeline because sales costs have been deducted.
Among the company’s R & D pipelines, the most important is the oncology pipe, which is the company’s traditional advantage. Beyond the oncology area, the company is actively developing diabetes, autoimmune diseases, cardiovascular diseases, pain.
In our new policy environment, the cost of clinical research and development has risen sharply, and this year's research and development of Heung Swe medicine will focus on “focusing on priorities” and the production of Xing is on-line, with a concentration of resources on priority products accelerating. In the company's oncology tubes, diazole and pd-1 antibodies are at the centre of the list. As a second line of breast cancer medications, the second phase of clinical excellence, with three clinical sessions currently under way; and the country of pd-1 antibodies.
In 2015, keytruda of the pd-1 antibodies and opdivo of the U.S. Fda-sanctuary were approved for listing. According to the company ' s annual report, Keytruda and opdivo received $570 million, $940 million in sales revenue in 2016 and respectively, and according to Bloomberg figures.
Thus, it is expected that once domestic products of pd-1/pd-l1 are marketed, more than 1 billion yuan in single people’s companies will develop and locate innovation drugs, with transnational drug companies as direct competitors. While the company’s innovative drug research and development capabilities are among the highest in the domestic industry, there is still a clear gap with transnational drug companies. Even company-owned innovation products of pd-1 antibodies are difficult to access in the United States.
So the company wants to develop joint therapy by helping to develop a stock of other drugs in the field of oncology. Henry’s medicine has been in the field for many years, and chemotherapy drugs such as Dositas and Osalipus are the mature species of the company that have been on the market for many years.
Molecular targets have also been marketed successfully. The company’s future desire is to create a “combined fist” against a single cancer species, and to develop a combination of therapy.
For example, the company's co-methodological studies on breast and lung cancer are not only being carried out on a single drug, but also on co-methodic treatments such as fluzoparib+Apadaloni+violetol, Dosita+Osali + Capaita. The co-metals are also undergoing clinical trials.
Diabetes is targeted at oral insulin combination therapy one day, and the company's goal is to achieve "one-day co-insulin combination therapy." So far, Sanofy co-sugar therapy has been approved, No and Nord is slowly being followed up, and Henry is confident to be the third company in the world to introduce co-insulin combination therapy.
The co-medication of insulin currently being developed by Hen Ri not only reduced the frequency of use of the drug once a day, but also introduced oral insulin as an alternative to injection, which greatly alleviated the patient's difficulties in using the drug.
Report II of the West Drug Export Series, November 03, 2016 - Review of the Overseas Operations of Heung Swe, Han Woo, Huai, and Human Fook - October 19, 2016 - Summary of the research on the Hanwoo Pharmaceuticals Industry Report of the West Drug Export Panorama, September 19, 2016
Reorganizing Protein Series, 26/08/2016 - Summary of Trinity Genetic Research - Reorganizing Protein Series, 25/08/2016 - Reorganizing Protein Line Analysis of Key Products, 16/08/2016
On July 28, 2016, a warm wave of infants and children came to recommend attention to the high-age maternity market in the second-line city.
Research on genetic testing companies on 15/04/06/06/06/06/06/Add.1 Summary of research on genetic testing companies on Anjouda/06/03/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/06/Additional stores with a steady increase in the distribution of medicines and medicines for medical research and medicine, with indirect benefits from health care and control costs.
On the good rainy days of 04/03, 2016, the active liquid test is in due course.