The Bank of Nanjing (601009.sh) reported reasons: periodic reports
Two major strategic transformations, sustaining high performance q3 of operating income/net return on the first quarter of the year q3 of the first quarter of the year q2 of the year 2021, yielding $30302 million in the first three quarters of the year, consistently improving performance compared to the previous quarter Q3 of the quarter.
Percentage points; the first three quarters saw increases of 6.90 and 5.29 percentage points, respectively, over the first half of the year. The first three remain the main drivers of net profit growth, followed by increases in the size of interest-bearing assets and improvements in net income differentials.
\triangleright funds are invested at a pace that increases the size of the loan with a higher rate of return on the loan. Total deposits increase by market value (billions):
10.74 per cent, the size of the deposits was over $1 trillion, while the strategic transformation of retail + trading banks accelerated by optimizing the structure and pricing of the deposits. The volume of retail aum grew by 13.66 per cent to \triangleright.
In October, the business park co-located the “Governance Bank” project, which introduced a special initiative for enabling “new” SMEs; and the launch of the business end-of-cycle mobile banking product, “Singe companions”, which ended with nearly 42,000 subscribers, 20,000 new homes in three quarters, increased platform activity, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)
The system of customer services is constantly improving, and Sunda's investment and financial operations are contributing to the increase in fees and fees.
Subtract. Corporate bond underwriting consolidates a competitive advantage, with Jiangsu Province ranked first in debt underwriting; with Taiwon City capital, 69 West Street, ITC a, 28 billion yuan, an increase of 15.17 per cent.
In Beijing, the 7th floor of the Central Sea State Center, 28 San Lixi Street, is stable in quality. The rate of non-performing loans is 0.91%, the same as at the beginning of the year; the proportion of loans of concern is the same.
\triangleright Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has a percentage point.
Companies adhere to the two main strategies of retailing and investment banks, with steady growth in asset size and a steady recovery in interest spreads \triangleright macroeconomic downturns; high risk events for companies; and recurrent localized epidemics.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.