Business panorama deconstruct, share up top 5g, communications depth report (00063), Jung Yong-seok.
Core logic: The first is the introduction of the market share of the global operator’s communications network equipment from 2017 to 2020; the pattern: rising eastwards and westwards, rising domestic shares of central communications – + breaking out of overseas markets. Among the four major global communications operators, Ericsson and Nokia have continued to fall in competition, global markets, and global markets.
We believe that in 2017 the corporate governance mechanism will be further refined, with a strategic focus on the operator network market, which will lead to an increase in domestic shares and a breakthrough in overseas markets, and we expect a global focus on: further strengthening the positioning of corporate communications network equipment providers, cutting down on government and business.
Cost of total equity/flowa units (millions) Costers' operations (e.g., mobile service lines and branding), enhancement of domestic and foreign operations b/h units (millions)
Trader cooperation, deep involvement in 5g standard setting, technology research and development, and testing, pooling of corporate excellence to raise the market share of global communication networks. Breakthrough: We believe that at the functional level of communication network technology and equipment, there is a sense of convergence, love and love.
Li Xin, Nokia, does not differ much, and the boom has a clear price advantage, with R & D progress and response faster than overseas equipment operators. Companies are expected to make a breakthrough in overseas markets over the next two years, especially in Europe’s operators (e.g. Vodafone, German telecommunications, etc.).
As early as 2009, the company began its research work on 5g, taking over 5g, and was deeply involved in the research and development of 5g standards. At the same time, it focused on 5g core technologies to ensure that technology and product capabilities are ahead.
It has also continued to deepen its cooperation with mainstream domestic and foreign operators to strengthen the advantage of the 5g network. 1, China Communications (000063): Recalculation of performance, not the beginning of the end, but the end of the beginning.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth and communication (000063); Business panorama deconstructed, with an upscaling of 5g. 1. Patterns evolved: East will rise, and Central will continue to rise in the global market share.
1.1 Changes in the pattern of competition in the global communications network equipment market between 2013 and 2016 have seen significant changes in the pattern of competition in the global communications network equipment market. In 2016, Hwa, Ericsson, Naking, Nokia (with Euro15.6 billion in 2016 for the acquisition of Alcatel News) were the four largest.
Manufacturers account for nearly 60 per cent of the global market for communications network equipment. Figure 1: Market share of global communications network equipment in 2016.
Figure 2: Changes in the market share of global communications network equipment suppliers, 2013-2016
From 2013 to 2016, China maintained a market of more than 1% per year, thanks to its strong product performance and price advantage, 20.5% in 2016, and in 2015 exceeded Ericsson as the world’s largest manufacturer of communications network equipment. The share of the global market in the boom rose from 4.8% in 2013 to 6.2% in 2016, with some improvement.
Anti-Associative Ericsson, Nokia, etc., has seen a significant decline in recent years, with Ericsson falling from 18.6% in 2013 to 14.7% in 2016, and China being counter-subsistenced. 2006-present, mainstream communications facilities such as Alcatel, Ranteau, North Power Network, Nokia, Siemens, etc.
In 2016, with Nokia’s acquisition of Alcatraz, it became a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Communications in China (000063): Business panorama deconstructed, with a share raised to the top 5g Nokia, the four leading players in communications. Figure 3: Mergers and acquisitions of major global communications equipment manufacturers
We have focused on the growth of income and net profits over the last five years (2013-2016) of China, Central Hing, Ericsson and Nokia, in which both Chinese and Chinese revenues and net gains have sustained some growth (the elimination of compensation for the 2016 U.S. exit control event), and the volatility of Ericsson and Nokia have been more volatile and have declined to varying degrees.
Figure 4: Growth of net profits in the Nokia camp, 2012-2016, Central Hing, Ericsson, and Nokia.
Alcatellang, but the global market share of the former two companies has been falling year after year, and competition has been declining, while there is uncertainty as to whether effective internal integration can be achieved. China and China have maintained a stable structure of organizational structures, deep-farm operators’ network markets, and global markets for many years.
We believe that China-China News has experienced management changes in 2016 and United States export controls, and that 2017 has been the beginning of a new history, with further improvements in business management mechanisms and a strategic focus on the operator network market.
The current market share of the global communications network continues to rise.
In our view, the overriding logic of the study of communications in China lies in the increase in the market share of global communications network equipment between 2017 and 2020, the most central of which is the increase in the market share of wireless communication networks. According to ihs, the global market for wireless communications network equipment was $43.3 billion in 2016 (equivalent to RMB).
The market share of Ericsson, Nokia, Hua and Nakaeng was nearly 89 per cent, 27.7 per cent, 23.6 per cent, 25.3 per cent and 12.3 per cent respectively, with a market share of 12 per cent in the 4g mobile network equipment market.
We believe that, as the 4g network progresses to an advanced stage, the size of the global wireless network equipment will gradually decline, from $30.7 billion to $288.8 billion in 2018, and the size of the wireless network equipment market will begin to rise in 2019 with the start of commercial deployments on a 5g scale in mainstream regions such as China, the United States, Japan, and Europe.
In the light of the changing size of the global market for wireless communications equipment and the corresponding rise in market share, we have measured its contribution to the public sector, rising from $369.9 billion in 2016 to $48.76 billion in 2020.
While global markets have declined in size over the next few years, rising market shares in the middle will provide 1.3 higher domestic shares for sustained growth in performance + breakthroughs in overseas markets, contributing to rising global shares. Since 2017, we believe that the emerging efforts to expand the global market for telecommunications equipment have yielded remarkable results.
Focusing on increasing market share of the operator network: further strengthening the positioning of providers of corporate communications network equipment; reducing the cost of government business and consumer operations (e.g. mobile service lines and branding), strengthening cooperation among domestic and foreign operators, deeper participation in 5g standard setting, technology research and development and testing, and pooling of corporate leverage
Source raises the market share of the global communications network. 12 years later, Italy and a billion-dollar order for yellow pebbles and vimpelcom were broken and became the sole source of financial prosperity in the East.
We believe that, in terms of communication network technology and equipment functionality, China is not very different from Ericsson, Nokia, but that it has a clear price advantage, and that it is better than Ericsson, Nokia, in terms of R&D progress and speed of response.
From 2017 to 2019, China is expected to make a breakthrough in overseas markets, particularly those of European operators (e.g. Vodafone, German telecommunications, etc.).
Our current market share of telecommunications domestic and overseas operators is in line with the global share of the world, 2017-2020, the source of financial prosperity in the East, and figure 10: Changes in the market share of communications domestic operators, 2015-2020
Figure 11: Changes in the market share of communications overseas operators in 2015-2020, based on the upgrading of domestic and overseas operators ' markets, and our expectation that the global market share of communications in 2015-2020 will continue to rise, Figure 12: Changes in the market share of communications global communications networks in 2015-2020
The source of the financial boom in the East is based on an earlier analysis of the rise in the market share of domestic and overseas operators, which combines trends in domestic and foreign operator capital and spending, to measure the revenue from the network of operators that grew in communications from 2017 to 2020.
The commercialization of 5g has begun to recover, and is expected to exceed $400 billion by 2020. With the market share of domestic and overseas operators, we further measure the contribution of domestic and overseas operators, respectively. We believe that the revenues of the global network of operators, which grew in mid-2018, will remain at 10%.
2. Deeply deconstructed: a panorama analysis of communications revenue structure
Annual revenues of $10.23 billion were realized, with the largest share of the operator network (588.8 billion, or 58.2 per cent), while consumer operations and businesses accounted for $33.45 billion (33 per cent) and $8.9 billion (8.8 per cent), respectively.
We have completely dismantled the three main components of the company ' s network of operators, consumer operations and businesses. 2.1 Operators ' network: wireless networks account for more than 60 per cent of the total, leading revenue increases, and we have divided the network of operators into three components: wireless networks, cable networks and cloud computing and the integer system.
Wireless network operations comprise several components, such as base station system products, core network products, network regulation excellence and digital clustering and wireless suites. Wireless network operations include light access products, light transmission products, data communications products and copper wire access products.
The cloud computing and the integer system includes the operator cloud computing and the integer of its products and systems (operational platform, management of the source of financial prosperity in the East) Figure 16: Business structure of the central communications operator network
Wireless network operations accounted for the largest share of the income distribution of the operator ' s network block (37.1 billion yuan or 63 per cent in 2016), cable network operations accounted for 23 per cent ($14.7 billion in 2016), cloud computing and iii systems collection Sources of Eastern financial intelligence
Figure 17: Middle-Emerging Communications Operators Network Income Classification as a Proportion We believe that a strategic positioning based on a focus on a network of operators will lay the foundation for corporate income growth as the domestic and overseas operators market rises and breakthroughs, especially the global market share of wireless communication network equipment.
The revenues from the network operations of the operator will be steadily raised in 2017-2019, based on calculations of the individual segments of the network operations of the operator.
Table 5: Classification of Communications Operators ' Network Operations and Income Forecasts 2016-2019
The consumer sector can be divided into three segments: cellular operations, fixed network terminals and home media terminals, which account for the largest share of income distribution in consumer operations (68 per cent of consumer business in 2016), with fixed network and family media terminals accounting for 20 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively.
There has not been a significant brand premium for the central communications mobile business over the years, and there has been some pressure on the mobile phone business in 2016 because of the high cost of the channel and the pressure on the stock. With the significant cost of the domestic channel in 2017,
Cutbacks, greater concentration on niche operators (especially overseas operators), and much lower cost pressures. In 2017, nearly 90% of sales revenue from mobile phone operations will come from overseas, mainly from North American operators, and we believe that the company's mobile phone business will be lost throughout the year and will continue to grow healthy in the years to come.
Consumer operations will continue to grow with the growth of income from overseas operators' mobile phone operations and fixed network terminal revenues.
In our view, the primary logic behind the recommendation is that the market share of global communications network equipment has increased in recent years, followed by the benefits of 5g-scale deployments after 2019. In four mainstream regions, such as China, Japan, the United States, and the European Union, China is expected to lead.
They predict that our operators will invest more than 1.3 trillion dollars in 5g network construction, with the largest investment in communications network equipment (almost 40%) and a total investment of more than $5,200. (For details, see one of the 5g depth report series, The King's Festivities 5g Panorama Study, and the other, The King's Festivities 5g Industrial Chain Recalculating.)
China-China communications has been deeply involved in the development of 5g global standards, actively promoting the development and testing of 5g technologies and products, competing with mainstream global communications producers such as Huaior, Ericsson, Nokia, Hightower and Samsung, maintaining a strong presence in standard-setting and product development, and we believe that companies will remain at the forefront of positive competition in the 5g market.
3.1 The country's 5g investment will exceed 1.3 trillion dollars, with communications equipment benefiting the most, and 5g's "triple" (hypervelocity, ultra-low-time delay, hyperconnection) critical capabilities and enhanced mobile broadband, big machines.
Classic communications, super-highly reliable low-time applications, a new wave of change in the human information society, and penetration and impact on various sectors of society will also be unprecedented. Commercial year is expected to be 5g in 2019, and official business year 2020.
Figure 22: The 5g standard promotion and commercialization process, according to our calculations, the total investment in the 5g network in our country will exceed 1.3 trillion yuan, an increase of more than 67.9 per cent over the same level of investment in the 4g network (790 billion yuan).
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the difference between the time series and the proportion of investment in the entire 5g network, with the largest share of communications networks (sdn/nfv solutions) (almost 40%) and a total investment of $520 billion.
As a core supplier to the three major operators, China Communications will fully benefit from the dividends of the 5g network.
As early as 2009, it began research work on 5g, with deep participation in research and regulatory work on 5g standards, leading technology and product research and development testing capabilities and deepening cooperation with mainstream operators, both within and outside the country. 3.2.1 Occupation heights, with deep participation in 5g standard setting
As of now, China Communications has joined more than 40 international standardization organizations and industry coalitions, submitting more than 4,000 international proposals in 3gpp5g nr, and three key 5g planned editor seats. Among them, China Communications Ms. Toyota was elected as Vice-President of 3gppran3.
Monthly project at 3gpp to lead noma core project research as the first reporter. Figure 25: Communications depth participation in standard setting — More than 40 ISOs, coalitions and forums have been joined: itu, 3gpp, ieee, 5gmf, ngmn
Member of the International Organization for Standardization/Industry Coalition, which actively participated in the 5g Promotion Group of China, imt-2020, which led research on more than 30% of the topics: served as head of the imt2020ieee group, deputy head of the network technical group, and research leader of the three core topics of the transmission technology group
3.2.2 Focus on 5g core technology, which ensures that technological and product capacity leads 6.68 billion yuan, or 12.4 per cent, in research and development in the first half of 2017, cumulatively more than 100 billion yuan in research and development over the years. World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) report, April 2017, shows the third place in the China-China newsletter.
The chip patent is the first in China, with the same amount of self-research chip delivery as China's central communications focus mobile operators for the next three to five years, leading the launch of the Pre5g program in the industry, applying the already commercially available 5g core technology to the 4g network and helping the operator to smooth the 4g network.
To date, Pre5g-related products and solutions have been deployed in more than 60 networks in more than 40 countries, including China, Japan, Austria, New Gabpo, Spain, Malaysia, Thailand, and Indonesia.
Figure 26: China News Pre5g continues to be highly recognized by the industry. In the 5g country survey phase II blank test, China Communications completes seven scene validations through all test entries.
The new 5g phase II experiment with multiple records, excellent vent performance; in wireless network architecture tests, central communications took the lead in completing the high-level tests of the wireless network experimental prototype, as well as the validation of the wireless network's basic architecture and basic functions, strengthening the 5g advantage through 3.2.3 deepening of the operator's collaboration
During the 5g experiment and commercialization process, China Communications has been deepening its cooperation with mainstream domestic and foreign operators, conducting 5g-related tests with domestic and foreign operators such as China Mobile, China Telecommunications, China Connect, Japan Soft and Silver, and Telefonica.
In the first half of 2017, China and China operated with a number of countries, including China, Germany, Spain, Japan, Russia and Thailand.
Businesses actively cooperate in the field of grid-fixing and hosting, helping global operators and political and business clients to transform and value up the network, and have spearheaded the launch of the 5g-carrying programme 5glexhaul and a multi-money 5g carrying pre-commercial equipment, which is highly recognized by the Globaldata.
4. Profit forecasts and valuations are based on a panorama analysis of the previous business structure, as well as on the contribution of the changing market share of domestic and overseas operators, and we have calculated in detail the revenue and profitability of the various business segments of the Mid-Engine Communications 2017-2019.
Table 7: Summary of Communications Revenue Dismantling 2017-2019
Suppliers, product R & D and market expansion have a clear lead, while at the same time they have a strong edge in valuation.
With the landing of the 5-g standard in 2018, the country's relevant industrial policies and the business process of the operator accelerating, we believe that the valuation of the communications sector, driven by the 5-g theme, will continue to rise, and we give the company a 38-fold estimate of the growth of the company's market and the 5-g process, which has fallen short of expectations.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Communications Central (000063): Business Panorama deconstruct, share up-and-run 5g Table 9: Corporate Profit Forecast Table
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, and the Cheong Yong-yung Award for the 2012 China Securities Industry Award.
China Telecommunications and China's mobile network planning, flow management, product managers, market operations and strategic planning,
Research in the field of material networking, big data, etc. An analysis of your own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.