Qingdao beer released in 2022 and the company collected $32,172 million, +6.65 per cent; Qingdao beer (600600.sh)
q4 sales are weaker than ever. 2022q4 companies achieved business income of 3,062 million yuan, corresponding to 9.83 per cent, sales of 79 million litres, corresponding to 6.5 per cent, liquor revenues of 3861 dollars, corresponding to 3.6 per cent, and despite four quarters of low beer consumption, repeated counter-distributions continued.
For branding, the sales of 2022q4 major brands were 487,000 litres, or 39 per cent of the year. Subprices brought about sales of 43,000 litres, or 10.4 per cent, for medium- and higher-grade products, and 36,000 litres, or 1.4 per cent, for medium- and lower-grade products.
The base market has grown steadily, and profits have improved significantly in both East and South China. According to the subregion, in 2022, Shandong, North China, East China, South-East China, Hong Kong, Australasia, and other overseas regions achieved external income upgradation by a basic digestive cost pressure, with a parent profit ratio of +1.1 pct. 2022q4.
The same ratio +0.1 pct, product structure upgrades largely absorb cost pressures throughout the year. In terms of cost rates, the division lost 220 million yuan over 2020q4. Throughout the year, the company achieved a net return profit of 3,711 million net profit forecast and investment rating: the beer industry pattern was clear and the high-end logic fulfilled its performance.
We believe that the accelerated and cost-effective upgrading of the product structure of Shandong and China North is expected to exceed market expectations, with the forecast for the year 2023-2025 for cagr, as reported in the depths of the company, Qingdao Beer: High End, and the profit elasticity of the losses released.
Risk factors: repeated outbreaks, increased competition for high-end beer, higher prices of raw materials
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City West Side, where members of the food and beverages team are trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the white wine industry.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang, a bachelor's degree in engineering from the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into the high-end white wine.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, smelting vegetables, venom foods, Qinghai International). Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Penang State cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, ocean river shares, present-day bond, sauce plate blocks), Wang Snowy, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, B.A., covering beer (in-depth)
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.