Qingdao Beer (168.hk/60000.ch): High-end evolution process is more limited, but the Hong Kong stock value is attractive The product structure of Qingdao's beer is still largely driven by sub-end products, causing future high-end emptiness
But as the return of foreign investment promises to heat the stock gradually, the green port shares are expected to gradually narrow the valuation gap with a share. We basically maintain the 2022-24e income forecast, the product matrix, or the restriction of future high-end spaces: green brand sales are mainly generated by $6-8.
Sub-high-end products (including “pure” and “1903”) and intermediate-end products of $5-6 (“economically” and others), while the contribution of higher-end and higher-end products above $8 is relatively small. Meanwhile, in high-end and above price bands, there is a lack of strong growth booms.
In our view, these two factors determine that the product structure of the blisters in the wake of the epidemic is still largely driven by sub-high end products. This is also a large ceiling for the future high end of the blisters.
In 2023, income growth was somewhat uncertain: as a result of the epidemic, China’s beer industry experienced a significant slowdown in the growth rate of its second-high-end products in 2022, and was significantly weaker than its high-end products. This trend led to a decline in the growth rate of “pure” and “1903” in 2022.
Against this background, the trend in sales of sub-end products from the blisters is still variable in 2023. By contrast, we believe that under the hold of high end products, such as Heath, there is a better prospect of growth and certainty in the 2023 revenue.
The difference in valuation between the Green Bay Unit and the a Unit is expected to decrease: since the 2020 epidemic, the Hong Kong Unit has continued to weaken relative to the a Unit, resulting in a widening gap in valuation between the Green Port Unit and the Hong Kong Unit.
Income projections are largely unchanged. But based on more optimistic expectations about corporate cost control, we have a small valuation (same as the Chinese target valuation level), and we maintain the green card unit at RMB 115.
Prices and " holding " ratings. Valuations based on 17x2023ev/ebitda (291.hk) and heavy beverages (600132.ch) are still our preferred bid in the beer industry.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that it will be entitled to this report in accordance with the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the use of group information and other publicly available information by the Legacy Group-Puyong International Securities Company Ltd. (collectively “Phibbon International Securities”) which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
This report should not be interpreted as a legal, tax, accounting or investment matter.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect developments that have taken place after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not invest solely on the basis of the information in this report.
Any decision or action to withdraw the funds or other financial aspects. In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The company (collectively Pulse International) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the company described in this report or related to it, and may from time to time buy or sell.