I don't want to lose my eyes, but I'm at the top of my head.
The net profit from non-mortality - 650 million yuan is realized, which represents a decrease of $360 million over the same period in the previous year. In an unfavourable environment, the rise in volume prices has driven income growth and product structure high-end continued. The company has achieved 807 thousand litres of beer sales throughout the year (+1.8 per cent compared to the previous year), surpassing the 2019 level (8.05 million litres) prior to the outbreak.
China: The sales volume of the Qingdao main brand was 4.44 million litres (+2.6% of the year), while the other brands were 3.63 million litres (+0.8% of the year), which was positive. The calculated tonnage was $3928 (+5% of the year), of which the Qingdao main brand price was +5.5%. In the context of the increase in the price of other brands + 3.3%, the company ' s sales of the Qingdao brand were + 8.2% and other brands were sold.
Qingdao brands with a high ton price have increased their sales at a higher rate, raising their earnings in the company's beer business by about 1 pct to 67.6 per cent, and the process of high-end product structure in the company is still under way for 22 years under public health disturbances.
The company calculates ton alcohol costs + 4.9% to $2483, mainly because of higher prices for barley, fabrics, etc., and higher direct material costs. The direct material value of ton alcohol consumption rose by 8.7% to $1651, and the share of this component in the total cost of beer business also increased from 64.2%.
66.5 per cent. The cost of out-of-pocket products increased by 5 per cent, but by a very low percentage. Under upward cost pressure, the Māori ratio of the public administration continued to rise positively, from 36.73 per cent to 36.78 per cent.
A slight decrease in the cost rate during the period, resulting in an increase in net interest rates. The 22-year sales/management/research and development/finance costs of the company were equal to -0.5-1/+0.1/-0.5 pct, resulting in a gross sales margin/business margin/net profit margin (from consumer landscape repair plus low inventory plus lower cost pressure + low base effect, looking at the company ' s 23-year performance statement).
Now, let's see: 23 years of a remarkable recovery in the drinking scene, the overall low level of pipeline stock, wheat sprouts and package prices at a high drop-off stage, good companies lower their profit margins at cost, add up to a low base of 22 years, fall down on raw material prices, forecast to be between 1.9 and 2437 tons of alcohol, forecast company Māori rates,
Net interest rates have all risen by medium or low digits, and in response to the rejuvenating legend of the 2022-06-beer industry valuation level, the company's 23-year forecast net profit is a reasonable 40-fold valuation.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement, and should make his own investment decisions and bear the risk of his own investment, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis of which he or she would be able to make would be consistent with his or her own.