Qingdao beer, structural upgrading trend continues, with the cost rate falling the same year. Qingdao beer reveals 2022. Qingdao's annual report.
The net profit/deduction from the net profit of the mother is $37.1/321 million, corresponding to +17.6 per cent/+45.4 per cent, and the structural upward trend continued throughout the year, with a small increase in sales, benefiting from a decline in cost rates and a continuation of the upward trend in net interest rates.
In 2021, there was a slight increase in sales of 4.44 million litres, compared to 2.6 per cent in the previous year, and 3.63 million litres in other brands, including Kyoyama, compared to 0.79 per cent in the same year.) At the price, the average company beer price in 2022 was 3986.6 yuan per kiloL, compared to 4.8 per cent in the same year.
Mainly as a result of product structural upgrades, companies achieved 2.93 million litres of product sales at higher end and higher end in the middle of the year, compared to +5.0 per cent. 2022 year-on-year cost rates fell, cost pressures were greater and profit rates continued to rise. 1) At the cost end, the decline in sales by companies in 2022 was mainly due to the limited drinking channels affected by the epidemic, and companies were passively tightening their sales costs; and management fees.
The decline in usage is mainly due to reduced share-paying costs and continued optimization of production capacity and personnel. (2) The cost end is influenced by the high cost of packages during the first six months of the procurement cycle, the upturn in the cost of barley after March, and the company ' s cost of beer tons in 2022 was 2517.7 so that the net return interest rate increased by less than the net non-return interest rate.
The price of 4q22 was double-declining, excluding the net profit from the parent. 1) At the pick-up end, the 4q22 quarter achieved $3.06 billion in revenues, and the 4q22 channel, the drinking channel, which is the main high-end product, was more damaged. The product structure of the 4q22 company was downgraded by $3861.3/kl per ton per ton, compared with 3.6 per cent.2) At the profit end, the 4q22 quarter achieved a net profit from the parent-to-carrying in the 4q22 quarter - $5.6 billion, in
After cutting off non-recurrent gains and losses, such as land gains, a single season of non-mortality net profit of $650 million, which is $360 million less than we had anticipated for the same period last year. This is mainly due to sales costs and administrative costs falling more than we had previously expected. Looking ahead, we expect: 1) structural upgrading trends remain unchanged and sales are warming.
The downside of the price is mainly due to the imbalance in sales of drinking/non-drinking channels caused by the shock, which does not affect the logic of long-term structural upgrading, and the structure of the company’s products will continue to upgrade, driving up the price of tons. Moreover, due to the return of the drinking channels to a good level after the onset of the epidemic, we expect that the sales of 1q23 will be equal to the sales of 1 q23.
The price of aluminium, glass, wafers, etc., among the main raw materials of beer, although the price of barley is still high, the price of the package has been on the run since 2022. On balance, we expect that the cost pressure on the company will be less than equal and more structural in 2023.
The economic recovery has been slower than expected, the pipeline stock has exceeded expectations, and the cost of raw materials has fluctuated.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations