q4 over-expected profits, recovery elasticity, Aoshima Beer (60060000) 2022 Annual Report Review, 23 March 2023
By 6.65%, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company is 3,711 million yuan, which is better than the increase in the net profit performance of the company q4 and higher than expected. The company was more affected by the epidemic in the second and fourth quarters of 2022, and the volume of beer sold was somewhat affected, taking into account the benefits of the third quarter.
Catalysing high temperatures and positive corporate recovery, companies are growing steadily throughout the year. A single quarter, affected by the epidemic, the company's sales in the fourth quarter were blocked, 22q4 was able to earn $3.062 billion in operating income, and the net profit loss was reduced. The company q4 performed better than the net profit, mainly with its employees' salaries.
On 22 March 2023, the epidemic did not change the trend towards high-end companies, and Shandong and Huabei markets performed well. The company achieved this in 2022.
The volume of products sold was 807.2 thousand litres, an increase of 1.8% over the same period; the price of tons of alcohol was 3985 yuan per kilolitre, an increase of about 4.8% over the same period, and the company’s 22-year sales slowed down by the impact of the epidemic, but the process of high-end progressed steadily and the price of tons increased further.
Four hundred and forty-four thousand litres, an increase of 2.6 per cent in the same year, and a gross ton of $4,824 per thousand litres, an increase of 5.5 per cent in the same year. Among other things, the company’s slurry, new special products such as Qingdao and Qingdao classics have grown rapidly, consolidating the firm’s competitive edge in the mid-to-high end market.
In the second half of 2022, the Russian-Turkish conflict weakened, with the price of raw materials such as barley and glass collapsing or falling back, and the cost-increasing pressure subsided.
As far as cost structures are concerned, companies actively control costs and expenses, with 34-fold and 29-fold costs, respectively. As a leader in the beer industry, the strategy for optimizing the structure of the company’s products is clear. As the epidemic liberalizes, demand is expected to recover steadily, adding to the company’s high-end strategy.
The research reports, “positive” investors are suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of our Division's various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.