Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident assessment report, 22 March 2023, Qingdao Beers published the 2022 Annual Report.
Four quarters are over-expected, and profitability continues to rise at a constant rate of RMB 1 billion (17.6% increase) or $3.209 billion (45.4% increase). The net interest rate is 11.83% (1 pcc increase) due to lower costs and higher Māori rates.
The product structure continues to be optimized, with high-end drivers rising at a very high price, with a total beer collection of $31,697 million, or 6.8 per cent, of which Qingjia brands and other brands collected $21,471,10280 million, respectively.
Thousands of litres (8.2 per cent increase), Qingdao brand sales of 4.44 million litres (2.6 per cent increase), with sales ranging from Piti to 55 per cent, and product structures continuously optimized; of these, medium and high end product sales of 2.93 million litres (5 per cent increase), or 36 per cent.
363 thousand litres (0.8 per cent increase) sold. 2) Price: 2022 total ton $3928/t (4.9 per cent increase), Aoshima brands/other brands ton, 3 and Aoshima Securities* report* Aoshima Beers
(600600) Event evaluation report: performance overperformance: macroeconomic downside risk, poor marketing during the season, increased risk of raw materials, introduction to food beverages
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.