Qingdao Beers (600600) report - Qingdao Beers 2022 report - high-end continues to grow, Shandong and Huabei are up to speed.
1) Sales have continued to grow and the product structure has been optimized. For 22 years, the company sold 807 thousand litres of beer (+1.78 per cent), comprising 4.44 million litres for the Qingjia brand (+2.61 per cent) and 3.63 million litres for the Qingshan brand (+0.79 per cent) and 2.93 million litres for the medium and high end and above in the Qingjiang brand (+4.99 per cent).
High-end beer unit prices have increased. In 22 years, the company earned $31,697 million (+6.82 per cent) in beer business, of which 21,417 million (+8.19 per cent) was branded Qingjia and 10,280 million were branded Qinshan, mainly as a result of product structural upgrades and rapid growth in products such as slurry, pebbles, Qingjia and Qingjia classics.
3) The Shandong Base market is strong, with North China and overseas growth leading. For 22 years, the company Shandong/North China/South China/East China/South East Australia and other overseas regions have achieved a reduction of 1,439 incomes, and the company has been determined to accelerate the tm project to change the channel model and make a detailed breakdown of the market.
On the ground, the built-in network of “skinners” enhances the quality of dealers' business.
Iron is hard on itself, it's a war high end, 2023.02.25. Net interest rate rises are mainly due to optimization of cost control. 2) Sales, management, and financial cost rates have declined. 22 years of corporate sales/management/research and development/financial costs
0.50 pct. The decline in the cost of company sales is mainly due to a scale effect, and the decrease in the management cost rate is mainly due to a 22-year decline in the cost of equity payments, mainly due to an increase in interest income over 22 years and a reduction in the cost of joint lending by subsidiary finance firms.
Two brands are strong, with successful construction of deep distribution systems 1) Qingshima + Mt. The company is strong in its dual branding strategy – Qingshima + Mt.
2) Successfully built a deep distribution system. The company successfully built a deep distribution system, developed the "Producer Co-distribution-mdcd" model, developed nearly 12,000 distributors, "Tsingtao 1903 Qingjia Chu Woodho."
Beers, covering the country's 23-provincial city and 62-city cities, are sold in 22 years – 40.6 per cent – by companies that are China's beer taps, from Shandong, where beer culture is strong, with a 100-year branding potential, in line with food safety risks, price volatility of raw materials, and policy adjustment risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.