In 2022, business resilience was highlighted, and high-end incentives remained strong Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) .q3 sales positive return, q4 outbreaks hit beer sales again, with a small increase in sales year-on-year
The q4 epidemic has once again had a national impact, the beer consumption scene was missing, the company q4 was sold in the first quarter of the month, the company price was 79.3 thousand litres compared to the trend of 300 centigrades, compared to 6.49 per cent, with a higher share of medium- and high-level beer in the current drinking channels.
More severe losses have led to a reduction in product structure, with q4 single-quarter 1,000 litres of alcohol earning approximately $3861 per 1,000 litres, compared to 3.57 per cent. Throughout the year, the company achieved a total sales volume of 8072,000 litres, compared to +1.8 per cent, mainly an accelerated recovery in the q3 phase of consumption, adding up to high temperatures for beer consumption.
The Q1 and Q4 epidemics have had a negative impact on sales. The structural upgrading and price increases have contributed to an increase in the average price of beer sales by almost 5%, and to structural upgrading and price increases.
The classicly representative medium- or higher product sales have continued to grow faster than the big ones, leading to a higher corporate output, a higher sales ratio of the 2022 Qingjia owner's brand +2.6 per cent, a further increase to the Division's re-opening of price increases, product increases, and targeted subregional strategies to make it easier.
• Average annual production costs for beer increased by almost 5 per cent over the year, with an increase in the average price of fully equalized costs at the cost end, with a marked increase in the purchase price of raw materials, barley and package items, etc., in the first half of 2022, a gradual fall in the price of packaged materials in the second half of the year, a slight reduction in cost pressures and an average annual production cost of beer
The average sales price as a result of structural upgrades and price increases is slightly higher than the average production cost, and the year-round rate of the beer business is the same as that of the year-round open-source savings and control costs are significant, and the rate of cost increases are higher than the same rate.
1. Qingdao beer point assessment report: q3 sales are higher by tons, with company sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates shrinking significantly in 2022, mainly in relation to lower remuneration expenditure by managers, lower share payment costs,
Other expenses, such as administrative costs, are related to the cost of sales, the cost of core project sales staff, the cost of rapid recovery, significant changes in profitability, maintenance of a robust growth rate in the cost of remuneration, advertising and business promotion, administrative costs, rental costs, repairs
Other cost items, such as fees, contract with the same ratio, fully reflect the impact of corporate revenue savings and efficiency gains at the operational management level. R & D costs are +103.8% year-on-year, mainly in the form of new-generation land concessions, which can be considered non-core profits, with real increases in intra-company profitability.
In 2022, at the test of the epidemic, the company managed to increase its profits faster and became more resilient. In 23 years, after the epidemic, the drinking scene was gradually restored, and the beer industry was benefiting the whole.
Given the 23-year cost pressures that still exist, 24-year epidemic shocks; higher raw materials prices are expected to rise more than expected; growth in medium- and high-end products is blocked; and food security is a problem.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.