In the mid- and long-term, the prices of ships and low-ship steel are expected to jointly drive corporate profits.
The impact of the pneumonia epidemic has resulted in fewer major products, such as ships, being finished and delivered than before. From the single quarter, 17.12 per cent. According to the previous pace of company harvests, this second quarter of the company was under pressure from shipyards in Shanghai affected by the new crown outbreak, and the company has collected less than one quarter for the first time since 2008.
The price of major raw-material ship steel from the main ship and marine works decreased and the pressure on the end of the cost was reduced; on the other hand, pressure from the Shanghai shipyard affected by the new crown outbreak in the second quarter, the overall rate of Maori from the ship repair and marine engineering operations was low, and the slow production of the shipyard increased by q2 cents.
The sum of $113 million for the same period has been reduced, mainly due to factors such as the volume of ship delivery and a small decrease in the gross gross profit ratio, the decline in the average gross profit ratio for the main camp during the reporting period, and the decrease in the same amount for projects that account for non-recurring gains and losses, such as fair value changes during the reporting period.
From the point of view of subsidiaries, the company owns five holding subsidiaries and two participating companies, of which three have a 10 per cent net profit impact on the company and three combined contributing companies account for 69.03 per cent of the parent net profit.
In the reporting period, the company-controlled subsidiary Jiangnan built a ship in comparison with Hiroshima International's performance in comparison with the previous year.
The changes are significant, with the net profit of 57,934.2 million during the reporting period on shipbuilding in Jiangnan, which is $213 million less than in the same period last year. The main place of business for shipbuilding in Jiangnan is in Shanghai, and the net profit is significantly reduced in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, which affected an increase of about 2.5 months.
Cut-off costs, vaccinations, etc.. The net profit achieved during the international reporting period was US$ 17,497 million, an increase of US$ 115 million over the same period last year, and the loss was largely due to intensive promotion of efficiency gains and cost control, with the obvious result that the production of shipbuilding products was higher than in the previous year.
In addition to the factors, the overall performance of the subsidiaries of the company is stable, and in terms of product and income structure, the company ' s products consist mainly of ship repair and marine engineering, power and equipment, mechanical and electrical equipment and four other categories.
7.77% interest rate (1.98 pcts), mainly for relatively low Maori sea power equipment operations, such as the fpso hull project, which is mainly the responsibility of the vessel power group, a subsidiary of the company, whose products include high-power, medium- and low-speed diesel-powered products, etc., generating 2,222h1 million yuan (+30.67%), mainly
Some of the production plans have been adjusted to the actual requirements of the shipyards, with an internal offset of H1 operating income of the same magnitude.
The cost of $184 million (-51.51 per cent) is a significant decrease, mainly due to a decrease in the year-on-year rate for the completion of ship delivery and the corresponding reduction in the amount of ship warranty charges; the cost of company administration (+52.50 per cent) is $1,781 million, a significant increase, mainly due to the increase in the cost of vaccinations and the loss of stoppages during the period of the epidemic;
Financial costs - $793 million, compared to $489 million during the same period last year, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations resulting from a reduction in research and development expenditure during the stoppage of the epidemic.
During the same period of the year, $10.02 billion was spent on the purchase of materials and equipment, mainly during the outbreak, less than the same year, as a result of the decrease in the collection of ship-ship products; net cash flows from investment activities, 4553 million yuan, and last year, together with other financial data, as of the end of June 2022, the company ' s inventory stood at $32,452 million, compared with $32,452 million.
On August 24, 2022, the company announced that the company's associate, China Power All-China Company, was planning to purchase the Chinese Shippower Group, which is owned by the company, with its own shareholdings as a price.
63.77 per cent of the shares, 36.23 per cent of the shares of the China Shipping Industry Group, 100 per cent of the shares of China ' s boat wood, 100 per cent of the shares of the heavy wood workers and 98.26 per cent of the heavy wood workers, and 1.74 per cent of the shares of the heavy fuel workers of China ' s ship ship heavy industry group, China.
After the sub-transaction was completed, the company held 31.63 per cent of the share in the China-China diesel machine and no longer held the share held by the China-China Power Group.
Once the diesel business is consolidated, the China Ship Dynamics Group will no longer be included in the company’s consolidated statements, and the company will benefit indirectly from the future development of the diesel-related business by participating in the fleet’s diesel engine, which will facilitate the identification of China’s ships and China’s two listed companies.
At the corporate level, if diesel business is consolidated, the China-China power group of the business owners of the company will no longer be included in the company ' s consolidated statements, but the company ' s long-term equity investment in the Chinese diesel machine through equity accounting is expected to have less impact on the interests of the parent owner.
High ship prices, low ship prices are expected to jointly drive corporate profits releases The ship is constructed over a relatively long period, usually in a phased manner, with different rates of collection at different stages, and usually the highest rates at the time of final delivery.
The annual profits of the ship's mainframe plant reflect to a large extent the price of the new ship that went up from 2020 to 2019 or even 2018, and the high price of the new ship in 2021 is expected to be reflected in the profits of the successor company. At the cost end, the significant costs of the shipbuilding industry since the second quarter of this year are represented.
The price of steel goes down, and when the shipyard completes the consumption of the raw materials in its inventory, it benefits from the price of the ship and steel. On balance, we believe that the corporate profit space, driven by high ship prices and low ship and steel prices together, is going to scale up to a high-tech, high-value-added ship.
The trend towards high-tech, high-value-added shipships in our shipbuilding industry has become more pronounced since this year. By the end of June, our shipyard new-world ship order repair ratio (modified gross ton/heavy ton) reached 0.49, the highest level in history.
The number of gas ships worldwide has reached 124, with 9.13 million cgt, and has surpassed the container ships to become the largest major fleet in the former city, with 101 LNG vessels. In our case, the lang industry has improved, with 174,000 new ships in the first half of the year.
At the corporate level, Chinese ships, a subsidiary of Jiangnan, and offshore high bridges, all have the capacity to build super-large liquefied gas ships. In addition to gas ships, companies are actively deploying the rest of the high-tech, high-value-added ships.
The country’s second home-grown large cruise ship is officially under construction at Takahashi Shipbuilding Company Ltd., a subsidiary outside of Takahashi, which is building all two large domestic ships simultaneously. The aircraft carrier, the lang ship, and the large mailer, also known as the crown jewels of the ship-building industry, are accompanied by this year’s aircraft carrier Fujian.
We believe that the trend towards high-tech, high-value-added shipships in our shipbuilding industry will increase as a result.
It is clear that the company, as the only listed company in the country that has picked up the three “Beads” from the ship-building industry, is expected to hold the result of the integration of oil machine operations on the power of ships in the company-owned subsidiary, figure 2 Company operating income and speed increase (in billions of yuan, %)
Figure 3 Company net profit return and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital-related and so on, will not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.