Mid-term performance of Chinese vessels issued in 2022, resulting in a decline in corporate operating income over the reporting period.
11.54 per cent, in the second quarter of 2022, the Shanghai region was hit by a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, and products such as ships faced serious challenges in the delivery of scheduled nodes, but the company took the lead in restarting work at the end of April. Market data: 29 August 2022
The company’s Māori sales rate has been limited from the same period last year, and probably has passed. The company is steadily moving forward with the resumption of post-natal production, and the construction of the product is proceeding in an orderly manner, with new orders coming to delivery after the increase in the price of the new ship in 2021.
Market value (billions): During the calculation period, both the company ' s operating income and the Māori rate are expected to pick up rapidly in the second half of the year.
Of the 239 shipbuilding orders, 207,547,000 heavy tons and 112,192 million ship repair orders, 50,383.4 million heavy tonnage orders were carried out in the first half of the year by shipbuilding operations; and in the context of the multiplicity of ship repair operations, the overall upgrading of the billing system was diversified, intelligent and controlled by the ship industry.
In the first half of the year, although orders were significantly affected by the same impact as before, the company’s capacity to receive orders has not weakened, given the fact that the ship delivery schedule has been extended to 2026 or even later, and that the prices of new ships have continued to rise. With the continued high profile of the maritime market, shipbuilding has continued to take place.
The company continues to emphasize the need to follow up on the China Ship Group’s Global Deepness.
During the reporting period, the China Ship Group power operations integration project was well under way, and the consolidation of new energy assets, such as wind and electricity, is on its way. As the core platform for the China Ship Group assembly, the company has recently been able to build a new platform.
After taking the lead in the group in completing the re-election of the Chairman and Managing Director, it will benefit significantly from the continued advancement of domestic business reforms and the acceleration of group asset consolidation. The company is expected to enter a period of sustained high growth and maintain a “buy-a” rating.
High, the ship-building industry is on the rise, and the prices of new ships continue to rise. We believe that the company is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years, with a small increase in the company ' s profit forecast, with Chinese ships projected for 2022-2024 \triangleright \triangleright \
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.