SANY Heavy (600031 CH)
2024 earnings inline; Emerging markets remain
BUY (Maintain)
the key focus
Target Price
RMB22.00
SANY Heavy (SANY) net profit in 2024 came in at RMB5.97bn (+32% YoY),
(Previous TP
RMB21.00)
which is 0%/-2% versus our/Bloomberg consensus estimates. The proposed
Up/Downside
15.4%
dividend implies a 51% pay-out ratio (up from 41% in 2023), which is the highest
Current Price
RMB19.06
since 2017. During the post-results call, SANY revealed that emerging markets
China Capital Goods
such as Asia Pacific, Africa, the Middle East and South America will be the key
focus, while it remained cautious on the US & Europe market due to geopolitics.
Wayne FUNG, CFA
Management also highlighted the potential of large-size/mining excavators
going forward. We maintain our view that SANY remains the best proxy to play
the upcycle of excavators. We slightly revise up our 2025E/26E earnings
Stock Data
forecast by 5/7%. Accordingly, we revise up our TP to RMB22 (from RMB21),
based on an unchanged target P/E of 24x (equivalent to 0.5SD above the
average of 20x since 2017). Our above-average multiple is to reflect the
earnings upcycle. Maintain BUY.
4Q24 results highlights. Revenue grew 12% YoY to RMB20bn. Gross
margin slightly contracted 4.2ppt YoY to 21.4%, while S&D expense ratio
Shareholding Structure
fell 5.4ppt YoY to 3.9%, largely due to a change in accounting treatment
(warranty expense was included in COGS instead of S&D expenses).
Administrative expense ratio increased 1.1ppt YoY to 5.1%, while R&D
Share Performance
expense ratio dropped 1.5ppt YoY to 7.6% (a continuous YoY reduction
trend since late 2022). EBIT grew 9% YoY to RMB760mn. Net profit surged
1.3x to RMB1.1bn, helped by other income and FX gains. For the full year
in 2024, net profit grew 32% YoY to RMB5.97bn. Operating cash inflow
surged 1.6x YoY to RMB14.8bn.
Source: FactSet
Overseas revenue grew 12% in 2024 (64% of total revenue). In terms of
12-mth Price Performance
region, Africa surged 44% YoY to RMB5.3bn (11% of overseas revenue);
Asia Pacific (ex-China) grew 15% YoY to RMB20.6bn (42%); Europe grew
2% YoY to RMB2.3bn (25%); America grew 7% YoY to RMB10.3bn (21%).
Overseas gross margin was 29.7%, higher than the 21% in China.
Outlook: SANY will continue to expand the overseas sales network and
after-sales service capability. SANY sees potential sales growth of 20% in
markets such as the Middle East, Asia Pacific and Africa. South America is
Source: FactSet
another key market with potential sales growth of 25%. In terms of capacity,
Related Reports
SANY is considering capacity expansion in Brazil.
Capital Goods – Strong domestics sales
Earnings Summary
Apr 2025 (link)
Capital Goods 2025 Outlook: Emerging
(link)
SANY Heavy (600031 CH, U/G to BUY)
Riding on the upcycle of excavator +
overseas expansion - 9 Dec 2024 (link)
Figure 1: SANY Heavy's 4Q24 results
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Figure 4: SANY Heavy's 2024 financials
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Valuation
Figure 9: SANY's P/B band
RMB
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates Note: 12M forward P/E on daily basis
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Note: 12M forward P/B on daily basis
Downside risks: Slowdown of overseas demand; further deterioration of China's non-
earth-moving machinery demand.
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.