Buv buys Wang Woo-chul to fight the growth of the tumor line, the short-term impact of the epidemic, the issuance of equity incentives, the safeguarding of the industry.
The company ' s performance: by 2020h1, the company earned $11.31 billion, an increase of 12.8 per cent, a net profit of $2.66 billion, an increase of 10.3 per cent, an increase of 11.9 per cent, and an increase of 11.9 per cent over the same period. The company ' s performance is essentially as expected; by quarter, q1/q2 earned $5.53 billion / $5.78 billion, respectively.
Yoy+11.3 per cent and 14.3 per cent of net profit recorded at $1.32 billion and $1,346 million respectively, respectively, mainly driven by anti-cancer line medication at \triangleright 02, which is still affected in the short term: company ' s pick-up rate at Camp 02
A slight increase from 01, mainly as a result of the continued upscaling of anti-cancer drugs such as pd-1, Apateni and Chocorponi, with the approval of the company pd-1 major lung and dietary cancer adaptive disorders in June, is expected to accelerate the increase; the anesthetic and phantom lines have been affected by the new coronary outbreak, which has affected the operation of hospital operations.
Slip, but this part of the operation is also expected to pick up gradually as the number of surgeries resumes after the outbreak has been brought under control. Māori increases and sales costs fall: company total Māori 2020h1 is 87.9% and continues to rise by 1.2 percentage points, driven mainly by an increase in the share of innovative medicine stores.
Group of products Management cost increased by 0.6 percentage points to 9.3 per cent over the same period, financial cost decreased by 0.7 per cent over the same period
Project R & D and innovation development, where R & D inputs have continued to grow by 26%. In innovation R & D, companies obtained three batches for the production of innovative pharmaceutical preparations, one batch for the production of imitated pharmaceutical preparations, 37 batches for the production of innovative medicines, 3 series for the evaluation of consistency, and completed two products in the first half of the year.
In terms of internationalization, the company achieved a right-wing metromic injection of hydrochloric acid in the first half of the year. In the United States, three raw-material drugs, one intermediate and two formulation registration applications were submitted to the United States. In addition, the company obtained an innovative drug, pd-1, which was granted to Korea ' s cg company, and was shown to be a paid external licence.
Equity Incentives to secure performance growth: companies simultaneously issue restrictive stock incentives for 2020 \triangleright (draft), targeting more than 1,300 people, including senior managers and core staff, with no more than 25,736,000 awards
The equity incentive program will protect the firm’s steady growth in its performance. A rich pipeline, with many innovative pharmaceutical products and adaptations approved, will continue to drive companies’ strategic shift from imitation to innovation, and we look forward to the company’s long-term development and sustained “buy-in” investment.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.