On August 18, 2020, the company launched the Restricted Stock Incentives Plan for 2020: the restrictions to be imposed on the target audience.
The company's performance indicators at the corporate level for this restricted equity incentive scheme were selected as “net profit growth net profits realized at no less than 42 per cent in 2019; third, the company was real in 2022.”
A price of $ 46.91 to purchase the company's restricted shares, which are increasing to the incentive audience.  Continued increase in R & D inputs and further acceleration of the process of innovation R & D and internationalization.
Work. For internationalization, the pseudopharmaceutical right-wing sodium chloride injection fluids were approved in the United States; three applications for feedstock drugs, one intermediate, two formulations were submitted to the United States fda; other emerging markets are gradually increasing their registration. Companies will have autonomous intellectual property rights.
Injection on oncological treatment is granted to South Korea on a reimbursable basis for the Kareli Pearl Monopoly Project, 1, Heung Swe Medicine (600276), Inc., a company with crystalgenimicsinc. The company currently includes injections, oral preparations and inhalant ash.
20 formulations, including tumors, film plates, intoxicants, were approved on Euro-American Day, and one formulation in the United States led to performance growth by 2020-03-23.
On August 13, the company announced that the Kareli Pearl Company was opposed to the Union and Gisita, 2 and Heung Swe Medicine (600276), which were approved for treatment of partially relapsing or distant snorting cancers.
Hepatic cancer adaptations, multiple adaptive disorders promising first-line treatment that can significantly prolong the patient's no-go survival, and Carrell's resistance is expected to increase the rapid release of new products and increase research and development.
31 per cent, with a three-year compound increase in net profits of up to 30 per cent, and the company ' s ps cents for 2020-2022.