Performance was slightly lower than expected, with a steady increase of billions of yuan, or 11.94 per cent over the same period; net operating cash flow of 3,377 million yuan, or less than expected, was achieved; and the transformation of innovation results and restructuring of products were the main indicators of steady growth.
First, the progressive commercialization of innovation plays a key role in the growth of corporate performance; second, as the company ' s products are restructured, the non-resistible oncological products represented by the film agent remain stable.
In our view, the epidemic may be the main cause of the slowdown in performance, with anaesthesia being the most affected. With the 2020h1 pd-1 product, Carrellbill, three more adaptive disorders (cethopaedic cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and so on)
Hepatic cancer, a new type 1 drug in the field of anaesthesia has also been approved for new adaptive conditions, and due to the improved state of the epidemic in the country in the second half of the year, corporate revenues will be further reduced.  Research and development investments will continue to increase, and innovation and internationalization will accelerate.
Three batches of formulation production, one batch of generic formulation production, 37 clinical batches of innovative medicines, three series of consistent evaluation batches, and a declaration of consistent evaluation of two products. For internationalization, sodium chloride in the right metomic acid drug was approved in the United States;
The company will have its own intellectual property rights to use 1, Heung Swe Medicine (600276):
Injection licence granted to South Korea for the Kareli Juice Project for oncological treatment with slightly higher performance, company crystalgenimicsinc. The company currently includes injections, oral preparations and inhalant ash.
20 formulation products, including intoxicant 2020-03-23, were approved for approval on Euro-American Day, and 1 formulation was obtained in the United States.
Hepatic cancer adaptation, with multiple adaptive disorders expected to result in annual net profits of 6.6 billion, 8.5 billion and 11 billion yuan, at 24 per cent, 28 per cent and 31 per cent respectively, with net profits increasing at a 30 per cent compound rate for three years, with the company expected to have an eps score for 2020-2022.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board