Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Innovative medicines are growing rapidly and research and development is increasing steadily
• Innovative medicines are growing rapidly, and research and development projects are advancing steadily. As a result of the epidemic, corporate incomes and profits slowed down in the first half of 2020.
Intoxicated tubes and carcinogens have been hit by the epidemic, and the two tubes are expected to return to growth in the second half of the year as the number of outpatients and surgeries resumes. The oncology tubes are expected to maintain a high rate of growth, driven by the volume of innovative drugs.
The increase in the share of new medicines, the increase in the Māori rate of sales of company products over the same period last year, the steady progress in product research and development, with new liver cancers, non-small cell lung cancers and dietary acupuncture adaptive disorders at pd-1 in the first half of 2020; the introduction of new colonoscopic tests for sedated disorders;
Non-Tony was approved for listing for first-line egfr mutation of non-small cell lung cancer. In internationalization, generic metomy was approved in the United States, and the innovative Kareli Pearl Bill was licensed to the Korean company Crystalgengenomics.
• Strong equity incentives. Companies issue equity incentives programmes to award 25,73.6 million restricted shares to company directors, senior managers and key position holders, accounting for approximately 0.49% of the total equity of the company, and the total number of incentives awarded is
1302 persons, or 5.33% of the total number of employees of the company. The lifting of restrictive stock restrictions shows that the company is confident that its performance will grow rapidly over the next three years.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.