This week's industry perspective: the photovoltaic subsidy problem is still unresolved \triangleright
On 12 April 2019, the General Directorate of the National Energy Agency issued a notice (for comments, hereinafter referred to as " the Circular " ) on the requirements for managing the construction of \triangleright wind and photovoltaic wind in 2019.
On the basis of the availability and disbursal conditions of electricity for affordable Internet access projects, priority should be given to the construction of affordable Internet access projects. In accordance with such requirements as the Ministry of Finance ' s Interim Scheme for the Management of Renewable Energy Price Supplemental Funds, the Ministry of Finance, for example, has approved projects for which construction has not commenced within two years, or for which construction has not started during the extension period, regardless of the commitment of the project unit to continue construction.
In 2019, the total amount of subsidies allocated to new photovoltaic projects was 3 billion yuan, of which 750 million yuan was allocated for household photovoltaics (equivalent to 3.5 million kW), and the sum of the subsidy competitions was set at $2.25 billion (excluding the alleviation of poverty from photovoltaics). In the national ranking of the aggregate subsidies, the annual amount of subsidies per project was “the strength of the electricity subsidy multiplied by the number of hours spent per year”, in which the number of hours spent per year was based on the Circular on the Management of the Full Guaranteed Acquisition of Wind, Photovoltaic Power (REED-2016).
We believe that the new policy is more detailed and precise in calculating the size of the subsidy, but that the control of the total amount of the subsidy is likely to be more than anticipated. From the price, the price of electricity in different resource areas is compared with the revised price of electricity, and from the number of hours of power generation, the size of the whole is basically manageable.
[Excellent push] Industry weekly product, policy foresight, market, real power generation by power station, as the minimum guaranteed utilization hours are much lower than the actual power generation hours, and the final real subsidy demand will remain higher than the hot spot, industry depth, and the pursuit of absolute benefits.
The amount of subsidies derived from competitive rankings further exacerbates the subsidy gap and prolongs the delay in subsidy payments. We therefore believe that the risk remains in the photovoltaic industry, given the important reference value of the investors in General.
We still have a cautious and pessimistic attitude, which is still at the consultation stage and does not preclude the possibility of future changes in official documents. [Excellently] For the next three months, we think that these stock trends will be a significant victory over the market, and we suggest a focus.
Current period [Excellent Push]: China Electric International (600027). Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
China Electric International (600027) (2019-4-19 bid)2 and the Māori rate rose and performance improved considerably in 2018, as a result of increased coal consumption and higher coal prices due to the increase in power generation.
The unit fuel cost was 219.5 yuan/mWh, an increase of 6.8 per cent in the same year (205.5 yuan/mWh in 2017), and the company ' s fuel cost was approximately $44.980 billion, an increase of about 13.47 per cent. The cost of fuel and the cost of selling coal increased the company ' s operating costs by about $77.450 billion, an increase of about 9.58 per cent in the same year. As a result of the increase in the number of hours used and the settlement of electricity prices, the company sold 12.35 per cent in 2018, an increase of 1.81 percentage points from the previous year.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the company was affected by the rise in the price of coal, and by a reduction in the value of its profits. The rate of growth slowed down, resulting in a return to its net profit of $170 million, which fell by 74.58 per cent, the Māori rate by 11.6 per cent, and the ring ratio by 1.5 percentage points.3 Corporate profitability is expected to improve further. In 2019, the demand for electricity for the company ' s services in the main regions (Santang, North, etc.) will continue to grow robustly, owing to the availability of power generators.
The company’s performance, which is mainly based on pressure on coal prices, would further improve the company’s profitability if the national coal price hub were to fall in 2019. Risk factors: coal market risk, electricity consumption risk, electricity price risk, and environmental policy risk.
Relevant studies: China Electric International (600027.sh) Annual Report: Fireboard Blocks have risen in volume, and Corporate Performance has improved significantly. 2019.04.02 First coverage report: Fire and Power has come up with historical opportunities, Corporate Performance is sustainable. 2018.11.14 Gas Chains, with special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Wang Xiao, Research Assistant, Beijing University undergraduate, Master's degree, North Grand National Development Institute, two degrees in economics, and six years of work experience with the National Electric Network Corporation. In June 2017, the Union's Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was joined.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.