In 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income of 88,365 million yuan, an increase of approximately 11.84 per cent over the same period in the previous year; profits totalled 3,156 million yuan, an increase of approximately Māori over the same period in the previous year; performance improved significantly. In 2018, the company ' s electricity plant was sold throughout the year, as a result of increased coal consumption and higher coal prices as a result of the increase in power generation.
The unit cost was 219.5 yuan/megawatt hours, an increase of 6.8 per cent in the same year (205.5 yuan/megawatt hours in 2017), and the company cost of fuel was approximately $44.980 billion, an increase of about 13.47 per cent. The cost of fuel and the cost of selling coal increased the company’s operating costs by about $77.450 billion, an increase of about 9.58 per cent in the same year. As a result of the increase in the use of small hours and the settlement of electricity prices, the company sold 12.35 per cent in 2018, an increase of 1.81 percentage points over the previous year. The increase in the revenue and the increase in the gross domestic product rate led to an increase in revenue.
In the fourth quarter, the company experienced a slowdown in performance due to the rise in coal prices and a reduction in value, resulting in a net return of $170 million, a 74.58 per cent decline in the same year, a Maori rate of 11.6 per cent, and a 1.5 percentage point decrease in the ring.
Corporate profitability is expected to improve further. In 2019, the demand for electricity for the company’s services in major areas (Sangdong, Hubei, etc.) will continue to grow at a robust rate, and the fleet’s hours of use will be equal to those in 2018 as a result of the rolling-out of \triangleright units.
Power International (600027): Fire and power rises to historical opportunities, corporate performance lasts a long time, 2018.11.
Risk factors: coal market risk, electricity volume risk, electricity price risk, environmental policy risk. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing. Charcoal, gas chain, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Wang Xiao, Research Assistant, Beijing University undergraduate, Master of Science, North Grand National Development Institute, two degrees in economics, and six years of work experience with the National Electric Network Corporation. In June 2017, the Union’s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was joined.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.