The company's growth in the country's engineering and machinery industry has led to a high level of R & D manufacturing, tied downstream customers through product certification, which is the country's highest-end production of scarce liquids.
The barriers to the presses are high and new entrants face a number of challenges, such as complex R & D, long certification cycles, high customer stickyness, long investment cycles and short talent constraints; Marketandmarkets report estimates the size of the Global Hydraulic Materials Market in 2022 to be approximately 297.5 billion yuan; and China is the largest market in the world, accounting for 36.04 per cent of the total, with a market size of about 10.72 billion yuan.
Global 100-year hydraulic mega-loans, Pike, Kyb, and Kawasaki are at the forefront of corporate R&D inputs, Māori rates, and net interest rates. As internationalization advances, the company’s market is open to potential and still has dynamic growth.
\triangleright has the highest proportion of engineering machinery applications at 40.5%, while excavators account for 60% of the engineering machinery industry, which is the application scenario for hydraulics. We expect the domestic market for excavators hydraulics to be 25.8 billion yuan in 2025.
In 2021, the company sold 85.53 million excavators, accounting for more than 60% of the country's total sales; and in the future, it is expected to contribute more if there is an increase in the penetration rate of large-scale excavations. Digger pump valves are used, re-engineer tanks grow. Pump valves are valued at up to 60%, technology is high.
In 2021, the company’s excavator pumps and multi-road valves were sold at 13.88 and 1168 million, with penetration rates of 30% and more than 20%, respectively, depending on the number of excavators installed on them. Looking ahead, companies are looking to build on the experience of tank operations to market pump valves, both in and out of the sea.
Stability: The market for non-digger hydraulics is significant, with a number of flower openings effectively smoothing the cycle. Non-digger products account for about 75% of the total hydraulics market, space potential is available, applications are diverse, and are less relevant to capital estates. The company's non-label hydraulic presses have more flowers in the areas of shield machines, marine industry, agricultural machinery, high-altitude platforms.
Over 60 per cent of the world's cities and over 80 per cent of the country's cities; deep technological reserves of companies at the manufacturing, design, testing and engineering levels, with sufficient experience in large-scale projects; agricultural machinery and high-altitude platforms, with self-developed liquids.
The company ' s heavy equipment was significantly improved in 2014-2022, and the fund-raising project continued to move forward -- eye, hydraulic tap camp, net profit one.
Grown-up: offshore factories are in urgent need of production to cut into the roll-by-slash industry. The company insists on a steady process of globalization, with successive purchases of Japanese apparel-skiller Haweinline Hydraulics Overseas; already in the United States of America, German chalices, Shanghai, China, Helium Hydraulic Pressure (60110.sh): Classes expansion
In Changzhou, China, four major R & D centres have been set up; Europe, the United States, Japan, India, and Indonesia overseas marketing services have been set up; at first sight, one-quarter profits have been higher than one-quarter profits - Mexico has set up a North American offshore plant. Mexican factories are expected to come into operation in 2024, contributing to the expected value of additional productive capacity in the post-partum period.
The market is dominated by Japanese and European firms, with a gap and widening domestic demand, with an estimated demand gap of 4.55 million units in 2022. Companies have advanced manufacturing equipment and sophisticated processing to build accumulations.
Linear drive projects are expected to become operational in 2024, bringing the value of the new post-partum capacity to over $6,296 million. The investment proposal is that companies are the scarce leader of domestic hydraulics, with high-quality attributes such as certainty, stability, and growth.
We observe the penetration of corporate dredging hydraulics into large high-end equipment, with further increases in global occupancy rates; the company ' s non-mark hydraulic pressure on high-level machines, agricultural machines, marine equipment, shielding machines, etc., to stabilize performance growth; the globalisation of overseas factories in the near future; and the expansion of roll-blow products to create a third growth curve. The company ' s net profit is forecast to be lost separately in 2023-2025.
Nationally produced hydraulic fluids taps with global equipment for more than 30 years of deep tillage hydraulic fluids, successful in the development of an excavator tank (1990-1999): Stereo hydraulics were established in a public establishment in 1990.
Division, originally known as Helium Hydraulic Gas Co. Ltd., engaged in aerobic poles and aerodynamic control valves. Digger oil was successfully developed in 1999. Tanks were expanded into the Carter system (2000-2010): a limited division of Jiangsu Hisungli high-pressure tanks was established in 2005 and a production base was established in Changzhou. In 2010, the company successfully entered the Caterpillar supply chain into the global high-end fuel tank mix.
In October 2011, HQ was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In 2012, investments were made in precision foundries, subsidiaries of the United States and Japan, M&A, Shanghai Hydraulics Ltd., and Germany ' s Hawiline Hydraulics in Berlin, 2015.
In 2020, the factory was founded in India. In 2021, the investment in the project to build a permanent Mexico, and it is expected to be completed in 2024.
Figure 1 The course of the development of the long-story hydraulic fluids has been expanding, creating a well-developed product system. After more than 30 years of autonomous research and development, the company has grown into a hydraulic-type integrated enterprise. The company’s main products include hydraulic tanks, hydraulic fluids, etc.
Pumps, hydraulic motors, hydraulic valves, hydraulic system integrations, high-precision iron castings, etc., of which hydraulic tanks consist mainly of walking mechanical tanks, industrial engineering tanks, marine engineering tanks, energy technology tanks and tunnels to dig into tanks; hydraulic pump owners include constant high-pressure column plug pumps, inline heavy-carver pumps; hydraulic motors consist mainly of quantitative motors, variable motors, longitudinals, etc.
Celebrity motors and wire-wiring motors; hydraulic valves include walk hydraulic valves, industrial hydraulic valves, and thread-plug valves. Figure 2 Product classification and product product product cover six major application areas, with a wide range of industry space.
Mechanical equipment provides constant power. Hydraulics are the “musculars” of mechanical equipment, controlling the movement of mechanical equipment, and are the core parts of the equipment manufacturing industry, where corporate products are used in six major manufacturing areas, such as walking machinery, agricultural machinery, industrial engineering, oceanic engineering, energy technology, tunnel engineering, etc., involving construction, logistics, agriculture, metallurgy, platinum, etc.
Table 1 provides a wide range of high-quality domestic and foreign customers in the application of hydraulic products, creating a brand of national production hydraulic taps.
Helium hydraulics have gained a good reputation and brand image in a number of industries, and have established long-term partnerships with a large number of domestic and foreign clients to enter deep into the customer supply chain system. 1.2. Corporate equity structures are stable and concentrated, and production and marketing networks are established globally
As of December 26, 2023, the three major shareholders of the company were Changzhou Heng, Shino and Ningbo Heung-yung, controlled respectively by Mr. Wang Liping, Ms. Chan Peng and Mr. Wang Peng. The three shareholders together held 66.74% of the constant hydraulic pressure. Of these, Mr. Wang Li Ping and Ms. Chan Peng were the sons of Mr. Wang Li Ping and Ms. Chan Peng.
As of the third quarter of 2023, the company had seven domestic subsidiaries and 13 offshore sub-divisions. Holdings related mainly to R & D, design, production, and marketing of the company’s products, with the company’s main subsidiaries.
The area of operation is more widely distributed, with the main locations operating in Shanghai and Jiangsu, and extensive marketing networks have been established outside Europe, North America, Japan, etc., to provide efficient, home-grown services to clients.
1.3. High overall performance growth, with strong asset quality and sufficient cash, highlights performance resilience and strength. q3 quarter Māori ratio improved as a result of optimized product structure. 40.19 per cent of corporate Māori in the first three quarters of 2023 compared to 40.19 per cent in the first quarter of 2023.
The overall Māori rate and net interest rates, which are less affected by industry fluctuations, remain at a relatively high profit level. The cost rate for the period remained stable according to business development as a whole.
The company was well-run and had sufficient cash in hand. The company completed the open distribution of shares and absorbed the collection of funds in late 2022, while operating a larger return. In the first three quarters of 2023, the corporate asset liability rate fell to 22.85 per cent, with a healthy liability structure of 44.72 per cent. Cash flows from corporate operations increased by 13.97 per cent in the same quarter, and cash payments for debt payments led to a decrease in fund-raising.
Figure 8 shows a downward trend in the asset-liability ratio of companies.
Main components and barriers to hydraulics The advantage of hydraulic systems in the mechanical field is evident. Hydraulic systems use hydraulic pumps to convert the original motor mechanical energy to liquid pressure, transfer energy through fluid pressure, pass through various control valves and tubeways, and carry it with dry hydraulic pressure.
Lines can convert liquid pressure to mechanical energy, thus driving the working body, leading to straight-to-reverse and back-to-back motion. The mechanical application of hydraulic techniques can simplify machine structures, reduce machine quality, reduce material consumption, reduce manufacturing costs, and make it easier to speed down, reduce labour intensity and improve job efficiency and job reliability.
The hydraulic system of the excavator is a combination of hydraulic components that are organically connected to the tubes in accordance with the requirements of the excavator's work and the movement of the institutions. The main pump, multi-routine valves, pipelines, tanks, motors, etc., are mainly part of the hydraulic tank, the main pump, the tubes, and the operation of the movements.
In a medium that converts and transmits the mechanical energy of the engine using hydraulic pumps and then converts the hydraulic energy to mechanical energy, such as hydraulic tanks and hydraulic motors, to the various movements of excavators. Hydraulic systems consist mainly of five components. They include power components, executing components, control components, support elements and work.
The function of hydraulics varies according to the type. The power element is to convert the mechanical energy from the original motive to the liquid pressure energy; the implementing component is to convert the hydraulic energy of the liquid to the mechanical energy; the control element is to regulate the pressure, flow and flow of the liquid in the system; the auxiliary element is to spread heat storage, oil transfer, connection, storage, filtering, measuring pressure.
The hydraulics industry barriers are deep in capital-intensive industries, complex R & D and technology, long validation cycles, high customer stickyness, financial input periods, and human resource constraints, making it difficult to crowd in new entrants and concentrating industry patterns in top firms.
Technical barriers to R & D: The technological capacity to design, process and debugger hydraulic products requires long-term experience To build up to develop and mature, new firms will have difficulty in developing stable process control and process control capabilities within a short period of time. Market barriers open up: the host vendor will be strictly selected for hydraulic pipe providers, and once a partnership is established, the host plant will be able to build up.
Financial and scale barriers: the production of hydraulics requires large-scale fixed-asset inputs, the cost of hydraulic products consists of a relatively high proportion of raw materials, their production requires the purchase of raw materials such as steel, plastics, etc., and their turnover requires a large amount of liquidity.
This is also an important part of the investment in hydraulics. Talent barriers: the country’s expertise in high-end hydraulics is scarce, and the formation of a professionally structured workforce through the enterprise’s own development requires constant technological accumulation and market deposition.
The hydraulic sector is also a technology-intensive industry, where the development and production of hydraulic products involves interdisciplinary technologies and manufacturing processes, requiring not only a large number of highly qualified R & D designers, but also in front-line production workshops.
Talent barriers, which require a large number of skilled workers skilled in production techniques, have a longer cycle of development, so that skilled people and industry, as well as workers, have a certain barrier to new entrants.
2.2. The global market for hydraulics is the largest market for hydraulics in China. According to the Marketandmarkets report, the global market for hydraulics is expected to be 297.5 billion yuan in 2022, and the market is expected to be 358.8 billion by 2027
The top three markets in the world, China, the United States and Germany, accounted for 36.04 per cent, 33.62 per cent and 9.34 per cent, respectively, and China was the largest market in the world, with an estimated market space of 10,721 million yuan in 2022, based on regional figures of 3.8 per cent.
Engineering machinery is the largest downstream area of hydraulics, and the demand for hydraulics continues to grow. The hydraulic core elements are widely applied to all types of equipment in all industries. The downstream industries in the hydraulics market are engineering machinery, aerospace, agricultural machinery, machine-bed processing, automobiles, ships, mines, etc.
The main appliance industry, followed by aerospace – 8.7% of the country’s domestic hydraulics market, which rose year after year to $87.9 billion in 2021, will continue to grow in demand for hydraulics as the country’s high-end manufacturing industry rises. The value of the core hydraulic components is high.
High value is the core element of the hydraulic system. In 2019, the domestic hydraulic market accounted for 73.7% of oil tanks, pumps, valves, motors, 34.4%, 16.1%, 12.4%, and 10.80%, respectively. The most mature tank technology in the country, with pump valves, followed by the higher cylinders, was the main reason.
The leading players in the global hydraulic component industry are Bo Shire, Paik Hannij of the United States, Eton of Japan, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Kyb of Japan, and Nabotsk. Germany, the United States of America, and Japan have accumulated a large share of the global hydraulic market with long-saturation technologies.
In 2019, the combined global hydraulic market for Bo Leisure, Paikhany, Eton and Kawasaki heavy labourers reached 42.3 per cent, with a constant TL market share of only 2.2 per cent for the same period, and the future national production replacement space remains vast.
Figure 172019 shows an increase in the share of the consistent global hydraulics market to 2.2% for the 100-year-old international giant, the country’s production taps will be ready for the future. From the evolution of the global hydraulic giants, Leicece, Pike, Kyb, Kawasaki have more than a century of history and technology.
As domestic firms develop the technological experience that they will accumulate in individual industries, lateral migration to different areas will generate a lot of momentum in the future. At the end of the harvest, the world’s 100-billion-grade market has brought to the international giants hundreds-to-100 billion-grade camps.
In the area of walking machines, Japan’s overseas competitors are kyb; in excavators, hydraulic pumps, valves, and motors, the overseas competitors are ruszlers and Kawazaki. While the country’s producing dragon heads are in the process of substituting for the country, they are gradually going overseas.
Head markets are expanding, space and opportunities are expanding, trying to become a world-class hydraulic locomotive.
The core element in the production of castings, especially high-quality castings, is professional production experience. This experience includes good production equipment, fine field management, and long-term technological experience.
When using advanced production equipment, enterprises need not only accurate technical parameters, but also sophisticated product technology, managerial skills, and sophisticated field management. This requires constant accumulation and refinement in long-term business practice.
The main bottleneck in the manufacture of hydraulics is the manufacture of high-precision hydraulic foundries, and the technical process of breaking through high-precision hydraulic foundries is the key to solving the high-quality hydraulics. The casting process is the pre-manufacturing process for the entire hydraulics, which is more complex than the mechanical processing and assembly process. The surface roughness, contour flatness, internal homogeneity and mechanic strength of the casting works are all straight.
The construction industry is characterized by high investment, long construction cycles, etc.
Firms must have a strong financial power or fund-raising capacity. Precision casting can be made without advanced production equipment, with major high-end equipment controlled by foreign suppliers. Key craft jobs require skilled expertise, while talent development requires higher levels of funding and time.
The higher it is, the more difficult it is for new players to get involved. High-end sophisticated casting has been achieved, raising the overall good quality rate to 98%.
Technology base. The casting capacity invested 596 million yuan, and the second production capacity invested 500 million yuan, all of which are now in production and are self-supporting and can be sold abroad. The sales of the castings in 2021 amounted to 74 million tons, an increase of 19.35 per cent over the same year, exceeding production expectations, raising the overall good quality rate to 98 per cent, and stabilizing the process.
The lack of capacity of a foreign branded casting supplier has led to the shutdown of the tank production line.
2.4. Research and development investment continues to be high, with profit-making leading the international giants remaining high. Compared to the foreign giants, companies have been very advanced in R&D costs since 2022.
Hydraulic research and development bases, employing highly paid foreign experts in the field of specialization. By 2022 there were more than 1203 researchers, representing 19.85 per cent of the total.
40.55 per cent and 28.66 per cent, Māori rates are higher than Pike and Eton 6 pct, Māori rates are nearly double that of Japanese enterprises, leading a large number of same-sector companies, and net interest rates remain above the international giant of 16 pcct, with companies leading the lead in R&D costs, with excellent operating capacity. The main reasons we believe are:
Founding: The company is a small number of casting companies that can supply hydraulics from their own sources. In 2022, the cost of raw materials was as high as 65% of the company’s production costs, and self-produced castings effectively eased upstream cost pressures, self-control of products and increased profitability Structural concentration: congested and deeply tied dragons in the corporate product structure, with higher market penetration rates, income.
Rapid growth, with economies of scale effectively amortizing costs, long-term costs and fixed assets; artificially humanized technological changes that are built up at the end of the manufacturing process, in-depth optimization of process processes and effective reduction of manufacturing costs. Population dividend: companies are mainly concentrated in research and development and production in the counties of the country, with domestic labour costs developed with foreign workers.
At the research and development end, the dividends for domestic engineers are clear, and the value ratio is much higher than for foreign researchers. Māori leads the leading international head company, and Māori leads the international head company by the net interest rate of 24.
3. Determinability: binding the main excavator plant, pump valve re-engineer path 3.1. Tanks, pumps, valves and motors are core parts of the excavator. Excavators are the largest downstream area of hydraulic products.
According to the Institute of Research, Engineering and Machinery, excavators account for nearly 58% of the engineering and machinery industry. The first entry into construction was excavators, whose sales have always been an important indicator of the landscape of the engineering machinery market.
Hydraulics are the core parts of the excavator at a higher cost. From the cost structure of the excavator, the cost of the hydraulic system is one third of the total cost of the excavator, and the cost of the excavator hydraulic system package is around $170,000. In the excavator hydraulic system, the cost of the hydraulic pumps and hydraulic motors is highest at 29%; the cost of the hydraulic valves is 26%; the cost of the tank is 18%.
The total cost of hydraulic pump valve motors is about three times that of tanks. Large excavators have the highest volume of hydraulics. Digger hydraulic systems consist mainly of four tanks, one main pump, one reverse motor, two walking motors, and one multi-road valve.
Barriers and materials are more expensive, and pump valves vary according to the type of excavator that is required by technology. According to a bulletin dated 3 December 2021, the unit price for small excavators is RMB 2000/ root, RMB 6,800/root per unit medium, and RMB 12,000/root for large units.
Digger sales are largely determined by downstream demand. Substitution of foreign brands by national brands has been largely achieved, and sales are determined by downstream demand. Demand at the demand level is based on two types of new demand and upgrading: domestic demand depends on investment in fixed assets such as property, infrastructure, mines, etc.; foreign demand depends on the base of countries such as the European and American markets, the “one-way” market, etc.
Construction projects and mine development, etc.; updating needs include, inter alia, the need for equipment upgrading, replacement needs for environmental standards upgrading and upgrading needs for technological innovations. Figure 27 Logical framework for market sales of excavators
Since 2007, the domestic market for excavators has passed through two larger cycles. The catalysts in the process mechanic industry, driven by policy, quickly pulled the new demand for downstream excavators, with 1,737,000 excavators sold in 2011; and in 2012-2015, real estate regulation policies were put in place, and demand weakened after stimulus policies were combined with engineering machines.
The fall in demand for arms, the liquidation of the excess capacity sector, and the four-year adjustment period for the industry, with 56,000 sales to the bottom in 2015. Driven by the demand for old equipment upgrades, quadruple swaps between three countries, export boosts, etc., the industry started a new boom, with 34.28 million excavators sold in 2021, twice the peak of the previous cycle; and from 2021 to the present, financed by real estate investment and investment.
With the impact of new construction and macroeconomic fluctuations, the industry has entered a period of adjustment; 261,000 excavators were sold in 2022, a decline of 23.8% compared to the previous year, and are in a phase-down phase. With home change policies, confidence has been boosted, a trillion national debt has been issued, capital 3.3 trillion national debt has increased demand, and the share of excavator exports has continued to rise.
On October 24, the sixth meeting of the 14th Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress reviewed the annual national debt of $1 trillion. The increase in the national debt was mainly for infrastructure development to enhance disaster prevention and mitigation capabilities, which is expected to lead to an increase in the number of new projects and the start-up rate, and the long-term impact of capital projects on the growth of the demand for engineering machinery.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, 109,000 excavators were sold in 2022, an increase of 60% in the same year. By November 2023, exports had increased to 53.8% of total sales.
The country’s leading global ranking is ahead, and the market share continues to rise. According to the latest yellowtable list of 2023 published in the khl magazine Construction International, 10 Chinese firms ranked 50 in the top 50, Xu Yu mechanics and 31 in the first place.
In 2017, China’s flagship companies increased their share and ranking in the global engineering market, and the international competitiveness of the domestic engineering machinery’s champions became apparent.
3.4. Excavator sales are more relevant to the spatial measurement of the corresponding hydraulics Domestic excavator sales are more relevant to real estate development. Given that sales of domestic excavators are most relevant to downstream infrastructure, premises and mining in the country, the increase in sales of domestic excavators in 2007-2022 was the main downstream industry.
An analysis of the rate of increase in the number of new housing units in the country and the rate of increase in the volume of domestic excavators shows a medium correlation between the rate of increase in the size of the new housing stock and the rate of increase in the volume of domestic excavators. In addition, the rate of investment in infrastructure development and the rate of increase in the number of domestic excavators in one year, indicating a medium correlation between demand and base.
The start-up of construction investments is somewhat delayed and does not immediately drive the current sales. The rate of growth of fixed assets in the mining industry is weakly correlated with the increase in the sale of excavators in the country, mainly due to domestic demand for real estate and infrastructure excavators, and the mining industry is dominated by large excavators, the number of which is not at the same level as real estate-enabled small and medium-sized excavators.
1) Due to the fact that national product plates have been largely replaced by foreign brands, and because the prices are higher, imports will be one (2) we calculate domestic holdings based on the 8-10 year life of the excavator, which is the sum of domestic sales and imports for the first seven years of the year, plus 20 per cent, 30 per cent and 50 per cent of total sales for the first 8-10 years, respectively
3) The volume of downstream property and capital works determines the volume of downstream excavators, which increases the number of single desk hours of stock equipment and then transmits to the need for additional excavators. Considering that the marginal improvement of domestic real estate is in the bottom stage, 4) the annual projected holdings of future domestic excavators less the sum of the total domestic sales over the first nine years (the old ones need to be eliminated).
In the medium-to-long term, overseas market demand has been more stable, and we expect the size of the domestic tank market to be $6.37 billion in 2025. The excavator can be divided according to tonnage.
Large digs for small digs. According to the volume of single cylinders disclosed by constant hydraulic pressure, small, medium and large diggers have a value of 0.8, 2.7, 48,000 yuan, respectively. Assuming that the downstream demand of excavators, which is dominated by mine machinery and large infrastructure, is higher than the lower downstream demand of more traditional properties, adding up the competitiveness of the main plant in medium and large equipment, with a steady annual increase in the share of medium and large excavators in 2025.
The market for small- and large-scale digs was 42/39/19% respectively, and the total sales of excavators in 2025 were estimated to be 9.3, 29.3 and 2.52 billion yuan, respectively, in 2025, totalling 6.37 billion yuan. We expect the market for hydraulic presses to be 25.847 billion yuan in 2025.
The ratio of hydraulic pumps to hydraulic horses was the highest of 29%; hydraulic valves cost 26%; tanks cost 18% and other parts 27%. Based on the above table, the size of the excavator tank market and the ratio of the cost of different components can be measured at $6,373 million in 2025, the excavator hydraulic valve market size at $9,206 million, and the digging valve market at $9,206 million.
The size of the pump and the motor market amounts to $10,268 million. The total market size of the dredging tank pump valves amounts to $25,847 million.
The growth in corporate revenue is highly correlated with the growth in the excavator industry. Two rounds of industry have been seized to achieve recovery: 2008-2015: the “4 trillion” policy has catalysed downstream infrastructure and real estate demand in 2008, driving upstream excavation equipment acquisition needs, and the company successfully developed a dredging tank into the domestic mainframe system in 1999 to enable the company to grow in the industry.
In 2012, with the “4 trillion” stimulus policy for the early release of demand, the excavator industry declined, and companies countercyclically developed projects such as excavators valves, castings, etc. 2016 - now: pump valves successfully entered the trio, Xu and Willow mainframes in 2016, adding up the industry.
Reheating opens a new upturn. The company's dredging tanks and pump valves are at a time of rapid growth. The company's initials, successfully developed a turn-back motor and entered the mainframe plant in 2019, the pump valves entered the higher barriers in 2020, the medium-sized companies actively pursued a strategy to smooth their own cycles and open up non-digger hydraulics and overseas in 2023.
3.6. Digger tanks, pump valves, motor sales and penetration are the first two-fold increase in the share of excavators in the country.
As the volume of excavators rises and the company’s visibility rises, in 2021 the company achieved the highest sales of 85.53 million excavators. According to data from the excavators of the China Engineering Association, there are four tanks per excavator, which can be measured at 60% penetration.
Top, the largest share of the industry.
Pump valves are more costly, technologically and valuable than tanks. In the case of excavator applications, the hydraulic support product consists of power components (hydropressure pumps), auxiliary components, control components (hydral valves) and implementing components (hydrated oil tanks and motors), of which high pressure tanks account for only 18 per cent of the cost of hydraulic systems, while hydraulic pump valves account for up to 60 per cent of the value of hydraulic systems.
As a result, the market for hydraulic valves in the overall hydraulics market is much larger than that of the cylinders. Excavators pump the motors, with a wider range of options for copying the tank path. The company started operating the pump valves for excavators in 2015.
The machine system reflects the company’s horizontal expansion capacity from tank hydraulics. In 2021, the excavator’s high-pressure column pump, multi-road valves and motors achieved respectively 13.88, 11.68, and 5.14 million sales. According to CEMI’s excavator data, a multi-road valve and two high-pressure pumps per excavator can be measured at 30% and 20% respectively.
And above, it is hoped that the tanks will be replicated successfully, and that there will be more room for growth in the future overseas markets. Win the deep trust of mainstream mainframes, both domestic and foreign.
In the field of excavators, companies have developed strong partnerships with domestic mainframes. The offshore tank is now a partner with the United States, Caterpillar, and has established stable partnerships in Japan with Shinigami, Japan, Japan, friends, Yoma, and Kubata.
The firm foundation for firm firm corporate performance is laid. 4. Stability: the non-digger hydraulics market is broader and effectively stabilizes performance fluctuations 4.1. The non-digger hydraulics market is wide and the sales of the company ' s non-pollution tanks are growing steadily
Non-digger hydraulics are subject to less real estate fluctuations and a wider market space. China’s downstream demand for hydraulics includes mainly engineering machinery, aerospace, metallurgical machinery, and engineering vehicles, with applications in engineering and machinery accounting for up to 40.5%.In engineering and machinery, excavators account for 57.22% of the engineering and machinery industry, and it can be measured that excavators account for the entire market.
23.17 per cent of non-digger hydraulics account for 76.83 per cent of the market, are more spatially wide and are less relevant to real estate; the steady growth in sales of heavy equipment and non-collar tanks provides stability to the growth of corporate performance. Corporate heavy energy achieved a year-on-year increase of 18.4 per cent in 2014-2022 and effectively stabilized performance growth was subject to cyclical fluctuations.
Primarily, the high demand for excavator hydraulic packages and the high combined Māori ratio, whereby the company transfers production capacity to the production of excavator hydraulics, show the company’s flexibility in producing capacity and process interoperability. In 2019, the company’s Māori rate for heavy non-square tank hydraulics was 35.1%, and the scale effect was that the Māori rate was gradually moving towards Māori for the excavator.
Figure 40 Sustained growth in income from non-scaling tanks of heavy equipment 4.2. Hydraulic systems are at the core of the shield, with global cities accounting for up to 60%. Hydraulic propulsion systems are at the core of the shield.
The construction of tunnels such as industrial tunnels, river crossing tunnels, railway tunnels, road tunnels, and municipal pipelines can greatly improve the efficiency of construction.
Institution, to control valves and boost tanks. Hydraulic equipment costs 12% of the shield. Shields cost more in terms of cost structure than drive equipment. Overall, 11-metre diameter shield drivers (knife, blade drive) account for 42% of the main cost, electrical equipment (shells).
Both body and propulsion hydraulic cylinders, chain hydraulic tanks, and propulsion equipment (plc, modules, electrical control boxes, etc.) are around 15%, while hydraulic equipment (pumps, valves, motors) have a value of 12% respectively. Urbanization and infrastructure drive the need for shields, leading to an increase in the market space for shields.
According to the data, in 2022, the demand for China’s shield industry reached 578 units, an increase of 9.88% in the same year, and it is expected that more than 700 units will be needed in 2024. According to the size of the market in China’s shield industry, the market for China’s shield is estimated to be 27.6 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 14.05% in the same year, with market space expected to reach 40 billion yuan in 2024.
From 2005 onwards, the production of a large shield tank, such as the Great Wall, has been under constant development; in the United States of America, full-blown high-pressure oil in the Seattle bertha shield machine.
The cylinders come from companies that, even if they were working underground for two years, do not have corrosion or old seals. According to the company, in 2019, the global market for the constant shield tank was over 60%, the domestic market was over 80%, technology was custom-made for users, and the main downstream customers were tied up.
The main clients of the shield hydraulic products are known as medium and iron engineering, iron and steel construction, Xiaomong, Yotsu and Robbins.
Figure 45 illustrates the shielding machine, the Kyohua, and figure 46 shows that the cylinders developed for each shield project are widely used in marine engineering and that the company has sufficient experience in large-scale projects.
Marine engineering equipment refers to all types of equipment used in the development, use and protection of the oceans. Marine engineering equipment is divided into three main categories: marine hydrocarbon resource development equipment, marine floating structures and other marine resource development equipment.
With the upgrading of our marine engineering equipment, the construction of cross-sea bridges and bottom tunnels has continued, a number of major marine engineering projects have entered a new phase.
Data show that in 2022, the country completed the delivery of marine equipment products with a maximum of 50 per cent in monetary terms, followed by construction equipment with 36 per cent and mobile drilling equipment with 7 per cent.
According to the Ministry of Natural Resources, there are 868 items in the year and a trend towards large-scale expansion. According to the China Ship Industry Association, China ' s China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China is China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China is China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China China
Revenues from manufacturing of marine engineering equipment in China, 502018-2023, and statistics on the number of new marine engineering projects in China, 49208-2023
Hydraulic systems have a wide range of applications for mechanical systems in the marine industry. Hydraulics play a prominent role in the marine industry by providing core parts of mechanical systems in areas such as maritime transport, marine resource development and emergency rescue, as follows:
Underground drilling platforms: hydraulic systems drive platform upgrades and landings in offshore drilling platforms; in drilling rig-drilled systems for drilling rigs; in mud cycle systems, hydraulic pumps can provide a powerful power to transport the mud from the drillhead back to the ground; ship mechanics: rudder, anchor, gallows, cranes, etc.. hydraulic systems can be used as drivers for ship machinery.
Port machines: shore bridges, bridges, loading machines. Hydraulic systems can provide powerful power and precise control to achieve efficient and accurate handling.
Emergency rescue equipment: Hydraulic systems can also be used in emergency rescue equipment, such as hydraulic cutters, hydraulic tops, etc.
Special structural design, using a well-known seal brand, ensures excellent sealing performance. For long-term cryogenic conditions, advanced welding methods and testing techniques are used.
The company was involved in a large-scale project with the integration of 2800t sea platform systems for lifting hydraulic pressure control; 450t-class hydraulic system development for dredging vessels; 400t active wave compensatory devices using low friction materials
In the 140-metre stump project, the client was ordered to have two tops, a single 42-ton hydraulic tank and a total hydraulic tank stretch of 36305 mm, all of which were designed to meet working conditions.
Hydraulics are the core parts of high-end agricultural machines. Hydraulics are used mainly in moving, walking and farming components.
The installation is easier, easier to manipulate, high power, low probability of failure, ease of operation and maintenance of simple, etc., and is more suited to agricultural machinery with highly variable structural patterns and poor working conditions.
The country’s four-tier upgrades promote the development of agricultural machines to higher ends. Central document 1 of 2023 provides a nine-pronged approach to the overall promotion of rural renewal priorities, promoting the closing of critical agricultural core technologies and accelerating the expansion of advanced agro-machine research and development.
The year 2023 was the first year of agricultural upgrading, the fourth year of agricultural upgrading, which was not only an upgrade of emission standards but also an urgent need for industrial upgrading, technological progress and a high-quality development of the agro-machinery sector.
Subsidy policies drive demand, favouring high-end equipment. According to the Guidelines for the Implementation of Agricultural Machine Purchase Subsidy 2021-2023, some of the priority subsidies were increased from 30% to 35%, including those needed for weak food production, such as rice plugs, heavy non-farmers, cornseed harvesters, and the urgent need for development of mountain-specific industries.
In addition, subsidies for clearly too much holdings and relatively poor technology, such as wheel tractors, have been gradually reduced to 15% and below, and some of the low-value devices have been withdrawn from the subsidy. The overall subsidy has been increasing in recent years, with a total fiscal subsidy of $21.2 billion in 2022, an increase of 11.58%.
Rural cooperatives and land contracting have been upgraded to promote the process of agricultural mechanization. Fragmentation of our agricultural land has limited the efficiency of farming and has led to a significant increase in the flow of land in order to solve the fragmentation of agricultural land.
The proportion rose to 44 per cent, and the increase in the number of farm households of scale was conducive to a further increase in the level of agricultural mechanization and to the long-term development of the agricultural machinery industry.
Figure 58 2016-2021 The country’s crop mechanization rate is still relatively high. The increase in agricultural mechanization penetration is a trend that benefits from the agricultural machine-subsidization policy, the land-flow policy, the promotion of agricultural scale-up operations, the build-up of labour costs and the rate of urbanization.
According to the 14th Five-Year National Development Plan for Agricultural Mechanization, published by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, by 2025 the rate of integrated mechanization of crop cultivation will reach 75%. China’s agricultural mechanization development is still far from the level of more than 90% of agricultural mechanization in developed countries.
China’s agricultural hydraulic market starts late, and high-end hydraulics differ considerably from foreign countries. Global high-end hydraulic technologies have long been monopolized by foreign-owned firms.
In the context of the nation's building of an agricultural power, the country's demand for agricultural machinery will grow rapidly. Technological innovation, intellectual upgrading, precision, agricultural and niche agricultural transformations have been expanding in recent years, with China's agricultural machinery sector growing from RMB 428.6 billion in 2018 to RMB 561.1 billion in 2022, with an average annual compound growth rate of 7.0%.
At the same time, the overall dynamics of agricultural machinery are an important indicator of the country’s level of agricultural mechanization. In recent years, the country’s agricultural machinery has continued to grow to 1,104 million kilowatts.
Figure 602018-2023 Projections of the size of the Chinese agricultural machinery market
Smart Farmer solution, self-developed Hp4vg closed variant pump and hm (e) 6v slant variable motor, which is a closed walk system for gold, has been endorsed by many clients. The overall mechanical efficiency has improved significantly, resulting in lower fuel consumption, structural savings, installation space, and later maintenance for clients.
The company's hydraulic system mix is widely used in agricultural equipment. The closed walking system programme of “one pump two motors” is widely used in agricultural machinery such as combined harvesters, cotton harvesters, maize machines, green receptacles, sugar cane machines, sprayers, etc. Hp4vg closed pumps.
To provide a strong power, and to drive the back-to-back bridge through the hm6v dual motor mix, to meet the machine ' s heavy pull requirements and adapt it to different muddy working conditions, thus increasing the passability of the harvester and bringing about greater productivity.
Hvsp15f multi-way valves can provide con bus control and mechanical manual control, low noise, efficiency, pressure level, all the same.
Two configurations, excellent low speed performance, higher pressure and 400-450 bar.
High-altitude operating platforms are more classified and have a wide range of downstream applications. The high-altitude operating platforms employ lift-up mechanical structures, often in the form of straight arms, curling arms, clippings, masts, door racks and masts. The high-altitude operating platforms can replace the cranes, cranes, etc.
Traditional high-level machinery, such as scaffolding, can significantly improve the safety and operational efficiency of high-altitude operations, which are widely used in municipal administration, construction, installation of steel structures, interior and outdoor furnishings, cleaning of building curtain walls, warehouses, supermarkets, large-scale equipment manufacturing, airfields, stations, large galleries, etc.
A high-altitude platform can significantly improve operational efficiency. A flexible structure with a wide range of applications with good regional mobility at the construction site; a continuous high-level multi-point operation with a continuous operational capability and efficient transport to self-assembly. A high-altitude platform hydraulic system is dominated by a walk pump and a work pump to walk motors and platform oils, respectively.
Categorization of the total number of high-altitude operating machines
The level of market development in high-altitude platforms is closely linked to the level of the local economy, with structural differences in global market demand. According to ipaf, there were nearly 2 million global high-altitude platforms leased in 2021.
High-altitude platform markets abroad are dominated by stock upgrading. Developed countries and regions abroad, such as North America and Europe, are growing economically flat, production-safe regulations are stringent, high-altitude platform markets are mature, stock markets are high, application rates are high, and product structures are high.
In 2021, the U.S. leased-market high-altitude platforms held 72.21 million, an increase of 10%. Ten European rental markets held 32,460,000, an increase of 3%.
Safety and security of operations are the three main drivers of the rapid growth of high-altitude platforms in the domestic market. According to Chinese engineering and mechanics, China’s annual high-altitude platforms hold approximately 43,850 platforms, an increase of 33% compared to the previous year, there is still much room for growth in the total population, compared with the US’s total of 722.1 million high-altitude aircraft rentals in 2021.
A work pump, four walk motors, and a multi-road valve. According to constant hydraulic bulletins, pump valve prices extrapolate the value of single hydraulics at $18,000. Assuming future domestic sales of high-altitude platforms are at 200,000, the market space for hydraulics is $3.6 billion. Assuming the domestic stock market is expected to be stable at 600,000, the hydraulics will need to be replaced every six years.
For the stock market, the market for the renewal and maintenance of hydraulics is 1.8 billion yuan. The domestic total of high-altitude platforms is expected to provide a package of options for vehicles in the field of deep-deep high-altitude operating vehicles for many years. Companies can provide mature, reliable walking and working system solutions.
A combination of road valves or electromagnetic electromagnetic thrust multi-way valves can achieve precision operations for movements such as variations, scals, reverses, shifts, platforms; for walking systems, the company has introduced a closed walk system consisting of hm3v/hm5v straps to walk motors with hp3g closed pumps, with high volume efficiency to effectively meet microoperational requirements, high quality and high stability in quality.
Bad construction sites can walk on their own. Figure 69: Hydraulic system solution. Figure 70: Hydraulic system solution.
Flying arms tank, flattened tank, electromagnetic thrust multi-way valves.
hbm swing tank, platform probe, puncture tank, etcv06 electromagnetic thrust multiple-way valves.
Hvsp12 bus/dip-channel multi-channel valve transforms the tank-- turn to the tank.
5. Grown-up: offshore factories are in urgent need of production, cutting into the roller staves industry.
Globalization creates R & D and seeks opportunities for growth in overseas markets The globalization process is advancing steadily and seeking for growth in overseas markets. Companies have made great strides in the internationalization of their operations, with a wealth of overseas business management experience.
Mechanical support systems; since then, Japanese, American, Indian subsidiaries have been established to acquire Japanese apparel and German Haweinline Hydraulics; in recent years, they have invested in the establishment of Mexican factories. Currently, the company has four hydraulic research and development centres and nine production manufacturing bases worldwide, serving more than 2,000 top customers worldwide, covering more than 20 countries and regions.
The reason why Māori led their first domestic counterparts, whose overseas revenues continued to grow, was that companies achieved overseas revenues of $1,753 million in 2022, compared to their 2015-2020 share of overseas revenues, was that domestic engineering machinery went into the upper cycle and grew at a much faster rate than overseas operations.
As a result, in terms of Māori rates, the company ' s overseas operations are sustained at around 35 per cent over the long term, leading by Eddie 8-10 pct, highlighting the company ' s management, cost control and brand benefits leading industries. Figure 72 has a consistent Māori rate overseas (%)
The construction investment of 1,412 million yuan, which will result in the production of 200,440 tanks for engineering machinery, extension cylinders and gradual production in the first half of the year, will facilitate the firm ' s deep expansion of the American market, the avoidance of trade tariff barriers, the upgrading of the roll-out period and 5.2.
5.2.1. Rollers and rollers are more efficient than rollers, which are divided into sliders, rollers and rollers. There is no rollers in slides, slides, rubbing, passing thrusts, moving less efficiently; rollers and rollers have rollers of steel or screw type.
At present, the roller wire bar has a number of advantages compared to the slider bar, which is efficient, accurate, reversible, long-lived and synchronized. These advantages become the main piece of the industry where roller wires are dominated by mechanical components made up of threads, screws, rollers, etc.
The spinal spin of the staves inside turns the rotational motion into a straight-line motion, controlling the structural positioning of the staves and the speed of the staggers, which in turn drives the power, and exercises closed-ring control. More commonly used are the rollers and planetary rollers, rollers, staves and planetary rollers, which are widely used in a variety of industrial equipment and sophisticated instruments.
Figure 75 Rollers' sub-internal structure, figure 76 turns the rotational motion into a straight line movement, and the planetary rollers instead of the steel ball move, and the structure is different from the rollers'.
The structure consists mainly of silk poles, rollers, inner gears, scaffolds, screws, etc. The principle is to rotate the filament, to drive the roller to the public and to the other side of its axis, and to transform the rotational motion into a straight line movement.
The bar has a greater area of contact, spreading the load on average to a larger surface. This reduces friction and prolongs the life of the user. (2) High speed: roller wires can withstand higher input speeds and thus achieve a higher straight-line speed. The maximum line speed can reach 2,000 mm/s, and the rotation speed can be 5,000 rpm or higher. (3) Small size: rolls under the same carrying capacity.
The size of the beads is two-thirds larger than that of the roller. (4) High accuracy: the scaffolding is a non-circle arc thread with a small steering angle, which allows for a higher degree of accuracy in the conductor, which allows for a more precise and precise advance. (5) Low noise: the beads in the roller beads need to be switched at a point in the track, and the roller beams do biweekly movements in tandem with the main scuffle, resulting in smaller vibrations and noise.
As a result of the above-mentioned advantages of planetary rollers, they have been widely applied to national development priorities such as aerospace, high-precision machines, cars, ships and robotics.
Table 15 compares the performance of the main straight-line institutions with 5.2.2. The complex barriers to the high-end string process are deep, and key high-end grinding beds are still controlled from abroad. Precision determines the field of silk pole applications, and high-precision requires grinding processes.
Long, with a 300-mm margin of error within the accuracy of the hierarchy, the accuracy of each grade is as follows. Rolling wire poles are typically manufactured using levels C7, c10 for general machinery, C5, c3 for numeric equipment (more than C5, most of the digital control machines in the country are level C5), Aeromanufacturing equipment, precision projection and three-coordinate measuring equipment.
c3, c2. C7, c10 is usually made with lower accuracy by cold roller, and c5, and above, by grinding. The sharpening of the wire poles is more accurate in cases where precision is required. Rolling wire bars can be divided into two types from the process: cold roll wire bars and grinding roll wire bars. Cold roll wire bars pass.
Cold-processed mold manufacturing, automated production efficiency, low cost, production cycle for a few days, but slightly less accurate than p7, suitable for use in areas where equipment accuracy is not high. The grinding of roller wires products is more consistent, with uniform standards, and multiple processes, including heat treatment, cutting and grinding, can be as high as p1 and production cycles are longer than 30 days.
High-end grinding beds are the key to the accuracy of the grinding process and are controlled by major foreign manufacturers. The cutting process is the most accurate, while the twirlings and chills are mostly used in roughing, so grinding is the main method of processing the high-precision threads, using the threads of the grinding process.
High-end millers are currently concentrated in developed countries, such as Germany and Japan, while domestic products are dominated by low- and medium-level products, with more small and medium-sized manufacturers and more competitive ones. Western countries impose strict controls on the export of high-end machines and technologies, exposing our high-end machine-bed industry to the “cricket” challenge, limiting domestic manufacturers to produce high-end products.
The surface thermal process determines the string lifetime, and the process varies considerably from one part to another. The thermal process does not generally change the shape of the work, but, by changing the microstructure within the work, or changing the surface chemical composition of the work, gives or improves the performance of the work. It is characterized by an improvement in the internal quality of the work, which is generally not visible to the naked eye and can be improved.
The heat treatment is not only essential for equipment stability, but also for process experience and technologists. Equipment, due to poor technical equipment, inappropriate selection of thermal process parameters, leads to poor heat treatment quality, greater heat treatment and deformation, and the main form of damage to planetary roller bars is exposure wear and tear, inappropriate heat treatment.
The process reduces the life expectancy. 5.2.3. The multi-billion-grade track in the Rolling String Market, where domestic demand supply gaps continue to widen, has a wide range of applications, and the digitally controlled machinebeds and robotics industry are more used. Rolling wire poles are used as important machines.
Mobile components, downstream applications markets include industrial robotic technology and plumbing scenes, and end markets are mainly oriented towards aviation, manufacturing, energy, and utilities. As the manufacturing sector ' s transition to digitization and intelligence escalates and deepens, the use of digital control machines and robotic production lines is more widespread. Other traditional major terminals, in aerospace engineering, automobiles, orbital traffic, etc.
There is a large gap in domestic demand and supply. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the gap in demand for rollers rose from 3.07 million to 4.23 million between 2014 and 2021, and is estimated to be 4.55 million in 2022.
With the slowdown, the transition from high-growth to medium- and low-growth growth, demand continues to grow. In the future, as the country’s high-end equipment industry continues to develop, demand for sophisticated equipment will grow, and the demand for large-scale production capacity for rollers will further increase, or will continue to stimulate the release of capacity.
In 2022, the global roller line market had exceeded the dry billion yuan, equivalent to about $23.5 billion. Looking ahead, according to projections from the satellite data centre, the global roller line market is expected to expand to $40.578 billion by 2030, with impressive growth potential.
The market plays an important role, with the size of the market accounting for 20% of the global total. By 2022, China's roller-clash market had reached $4.75 billion. The roll-clash market was dominated by Japanese and European firms.
The top five companies account for 46% of the market share, with major manufacturers including Japanese nsk, thuk, and German Bo-Leaks; on the domestic side, there are brands such as Hiwin, Silver-Thai from Taiwan, and on the mainland of China, Nanking crafts, Qin-cheon machine beds, etc. There are a large number of manufacturers of rolling domestic components, but many are still working on them.
The beneficiary-shaped robotics industry has emerged, and the roll-clash market space has risen. The roll-clash market has been small for a long time because of the challenging nature of manufacturing processes, the scarcity of high-end equipment, and the constraints of market demand.
According to the data, the global roll stock market was about $285 million in 2022, and will grow to $300 million by 2023. As Teslaoptimus human robotics are upgraded, the country’s elites, rice, tether, byte beats, etc., have moved into the field, contributing to the boom in the human robot industry, and to the development of components in the industrial chain associated with human robots.
The top four producers in the roller-clash market were Rollers (Switzerland), gsa (Switzerland), rexroth (Germany), ewellix (Sweden), with a city share of 27%, 26%, 13%, and 12% respectively; the Nanjing Crafts are home-grown.
Domestic roll-stalking technology is gradually catching up with foreign countries. The country is 90 years ahead of the roll-slash, and hundreds of years of high-end downstream applications are well developed.
Domestic manufacturing has been growing rapidly in recent years, moving from low-end to high-end industries. Rolling wires are being applied downstream, new energy cars, industrial home machines, industrial robots, etc. are emerging, while the emerging human robot industry creates opportunities and new applications and needs are increasing, effectively contributing to the technological upgrading of domestic string products.
The Global Hydraulic Industry is a leading player in the rollers' poles, and the main manufacturers include our companies, Hiwintechnologies, Kuroda Industries, Nsk, Scheffer, Germany, etc. We have a large number of rolling power manufacturers, but most of them produce a single, low-tech, medium- and low-end product.
There is a gap between Ping and the outside world, there is no internationally influential brand, and the autonomous brand has yet to be broken further. 5.3. Expanding the roller-clash industry, opening the third growth curve, and gradually moving to production next year is expected to produce at least $6,296 million in performance gains.
The former new plant has been built, and the infrastructure is now in its final stages. It will be fully completed with the production of 66,000 metres of silk poles, 422,000 metres of fine roller wire poles, 10,000 metres of planetary roller wire poles, 1 million metres of straight guidance tracks, 104,000 units of roller wire poles, 25,000 pieces of reloaded roller wire poles and 1750 units of planetary roller poles.
In terms of manufacturing facilities, investments are equipped with global-led manufacturing equipment, using advanced technological techniques that enable high-quality production of sophisticated components.
At the technical level, the company has over a decade of experience with high-precision hydraulics, leading the industry in good quality. High-precision hydraulics and rollers have a certain overlap in machine processing and process processes, and the company ' s outstanding precision processing manufacturing capacity and foundation provides a good basis for the production of rollers and poles.
High-performance electric tanks have been delivered. In terms of technology and innovation in the development of related products, the company has introduced a cpa series of integrated electric thrusters, designed to carry extremely demanding environments with excessive currents, overpressures, temperatures, etc. The cpa series can be widely applied to agricultural machinery, high-altitude platforms, orbital transport, intelligent logistics, energy generation, etc.
In many areas of industry, replacement of the former implementing agency with manual, aerodynamic and hydraulic systems will significantly improve production efficiency and meet the various control needs of the client by means of its efficiency, precision, speed, etc.
According to IAEM, 26.13 million excavators were sold in 2022, a decrease of 23.8 per cent compared with the previous year, and a new round of up-to-date domestic demand was opened in 2024-2025 at the end of the construction period.
This has led to an increase in the number of non-guide tanks; pump valve operations, which include, inter alia, dredging pump valve motors and non-square pump valves, as a result of the growth of naval equipment, shielding machines, high-altitude platforms and non-digger engineering machines; and the projected future stock of large-scale pump valves in companies with a steady rise, the boom in dredging motors and the growth point in the performance of the pump valves through their entry into the overseas mainframe plant.
According to the company’s main business in the hydraulics sector, we have selected Eddie Precision, Long Ridge Hydraulics and China-China in the hydraulics industry, and the company’s future company’s increasing domestic and foreign market ownership of the pump valve motor; watch the company’s non-tender tanks continue to move forward in the high, agricultural, seawork, shielding, etc.; and watch the company’s expansion of its operations in the electric wires field and overseas.
The company’s hydraulic parts industry is a critical package of infrastructure equipment such as excavators, marine engineering equipment, port machinery, etc. Developments are more relevant to the macroeconomic situation.
Changes in policy and in the rate of growth in fixed-asset investment will affect the demand of the company’s downstream customers, and consequently the sale of its products. The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials.
Development and investment in overseas markets such as Asia and the Pacific. Given that international operations are influenced by political, cultural, technological, branding, human capital, there is still a degree of uncertainty and risk in corporate operations and investments abroad.
There is no direct or indirect connection between the specific proposals or views expressed in this report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.