The hydraulics are based and the sword fingers are moving.
The demand cycle for domestic excavators has hit the bottom, and the company’s performance is on the rise. The sales of domestic excavators have been declining for three years, with 90,000 in 2023 and 29.29 million in 2020, judging by the 24-year demand for domestic excavators, the company’s performance is expected to rise up.
In addition to excavators, non-digging companies still have much to offer. Companies pursue diversification strategies, opening up industrial areas and more non-digging markets. High machines, as the second largest downstream company, are matched by depths.
The time has passed in North America, with 2023.10.31 demand surges and rising corporate shares: companies initially involved, cut to Europe and others.
2. Mid 23 Years of RH: Through Cycles, Non-Excavation Continuing High-end Markets for Domestic Agricultural Machines, about 13.6 billion High Growth in Global Market Demand for Agricultural Hydraulic Devices in 22 years, 2023.8.30
3. Stereotyping: Performance meets expectations, diversity + internationalization strategy complexes increase by more than 30%. The company still has three-to-five times the volume of income from hydraulics from the foreign-funded Luxler, Danforth and Peckhany.
The strategic position of the high end hydraulics of the ball cannot be ignored, and growth is still underestimated. Linear drive projects are being put into production, opening up new growth space. In keeping with the trend of industrial automatization and electricization of engineering machinery, the company-plus linear drive project is 22 years old.
The new plant has now been built and is expected to come into operation by the end of the second quarter of the 24th year, which will result in an annual production standard of 660,000 metres of marble poles, and a sophisticated roller wire poles.
The production capacity of 422,000 metres, 10,000 metres of planetary rollers, 1 million metres of straight-line guidance tracks, 104,000 units of standard rollers, 25,000 units of heavy-loaded rollers and 1750 units of planetary rollers is expected to reach about $2 billion in post-partum production.
According to Teslaoptimus, planetary rollers are the core vectors of linear drives, single stations with a value of 1.5 to 20 thousand, and human robots are expected to open the planet's rollers to space. However, the technical barriers to the rollers are extremely high, and the global market is dominated by Germany's universal power.
There are no internationally influential brands in the country. From the company's history of technology,
The company is expected to become a national stavehead, leading high-end staves in the country, roe (belonging to the parent company) field release, as well as extensive hydraulic import replacement space; in addition, linear drive project investment
Producing, opening up the future growth space of the company, maintaining the "buy-in" rating. Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services.
Scanning for more services, sweeping for more services, stimulating the market for curing, deep-dry hydraulics, cycled and growing. The company originated in 1990, from relatively simple digging.
In 2009-2011, the expansion and easing of capital and real estate investment was accompanied by a credit policy, and domestic engineering machinery was booming; the company seized on the opportunity to replace domestic production with a sustained increase in market ownership during the boom period.
The engine industry began to recover; and from 2016, following the tank, the company pump valve business began to roll, the tank and pump valve industry resonant, and the company recovered on a higher scale, with an average annual compound increase of 43% in revenue. With the two-wheel excavator industry, the company achieved a marked increase in growth beyond the industry, with the city of the excavator tank accounting for more than 50%, and the dredging engine small pumps.
At the same time, companies have pursued a strategy of diversified growth, active in the industrial field and more non-digging markets, continuously introducing high-end hydraulic products and one-stop solution systems in a wide range of areas, such as industrial equipment, engineering machinery, road machinery, agricultural machinery, etc.
According to the International Association of Fluid Dynamics, the global hydraulic market was about 30,682 million euros in 2022, of which China’s market was about 1,120.4 billion euros. In 2022, China’s market remained stable.
The company has revenues of $8.2 billion, about $6.4 billion in the country, and about $1.8 billion in overseas revenues; the company’s domestic municipality accounts for less than 10%, and the global market for about 3.8%, and the company still has three to five times as much room for growth in the volume of hydraulics generated by foreign investors, Leisure, Danforth, and Peckhany. The company’s history and the development of overseas competitors is well known, with high R & D, pluralism, and the country.
Interpersonalization is a clear way to keep business alive. Companies continue to grow their R & D inputs relative to their overseas competitors, downstream, and markets are more comprehensive and involve more than 20 sub-sectors, so that there is much more room for growth in the future. Most of the company’s clients are the world’s 50-strong engineering or mechanical industry; they are the global supplier of Caterpillar, and we estimate that the company is about to take over the card.
The company’s capacity in the offshore supply chain is expected to be further strengthened with the company’s Mexican factory coming into operation in 24 years, and the auxiliary company has opened up in the overseas market. The average valuation of the mature hydraulic giants abroad is growing in line with the trend of industrial automation and electricization of engineering machinery, with company-plus linear drive projects fostering new increases.
Long poles. In 2022, the company formed a fully-owned subsidiary to develop and produce products such as electric cylinders and rollers, and to internalize the silk poles into a stable supply chain. A new factory has now been built and is expected to be operational by the end of the second quarter of 24 years, which will result in 66,000 metres of annual production standards, 422,000 metres of precision rollers, 10,000 metres of planetary rollers and straight guidance.
The production capacity of 1 million metres on track, 104,000 units on a standard roller wire pole, 25,000 units on a heavy load roller wire pole and 1750 units on a planetary roll is expected to reach about $2 billion in postpartum production. According to Mask's prediction of a price of up to $20,000 for future Tesla optimus, we assume that planetary rollers are at the core of linear drivers.
The mobile agencies, single-stage robots, have a value of between 1.5 and 20 million, and human robots are expected to open up the planetary roller bars. The technical barriers to rollers are extremely high, and the global market is dominated by German companies such as Bo Shiles and Scheffer, my country's upper silver technology, Japan's blackfield masters and nsk, and there are no brands of international influence in the country.
The company is expected to become a national product, with its historical technological and resource input, leading the process of domestic production of high-end wires.1 The country’s scarce hydraulic taps, with diversification injecting into its growth potential.
Large-scale integrated enterprises, developed and manufactured to include products such as high-pressure tanks, high-pressure column-pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and high-precision hydraulic castings, have become internationally competitive hydraulic fluids taps. Looking ahead, domestic excavators will be in demand at the bottom, and non-digger markets, such as company high machines and agricultural machines, are expected to continue to be released in 2024.
In addition, the company's Mexican factory and its scuffle factory are gradually becoming operational, and the new product will be released to bring new growth poles to the company.
The company has rapidly developed from a single hydraulic tank into a large, integrated enterprise with a single hydraulic component, precision casts, aerodynamic components, hydraulic systems, etc. Downstream applications include walk machines represented by excavators, shielding, etc.
Underground drilling equipment represented by aircraft, marine and marine machinery represented by port machinery, special vehicles represented by high-altitude platforms, and wind and solar energy industries and fields. According to our estimates, in 2022, companies added $8.2 billion in hydraulics to the fifth largest global income, with a global market share of about 3.8 per cent, representing the country’s scarce, comprehensive hydraulic tap.
Specifically, the main products of the company are divided into six broad categories, including high-pressure tanks, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, motors, precision casts, hydraulic systems, etc., and downstream clients include Caterpillar, Japanese Steam Steel, Yokotaka, Kuboa Field, Trinity, Xu, Willow, China Iron Engineering, Heavy Steel Construction, etc., and the world ' s more than 500 most well-known host customers.
1.2. The domestic demand cycle for excavators is at its bottom, corporate performance is at a turning point. Real estate policy continues to be favourable, and construction is expected to improve.
Since January, several cities, such as Beijing and Shanghai, have optimized the policy of granting mortgages, easing the policy of first housing units, identifying credit, and so on. The policy appears to be lagging and cumulative, and as the property policy is fully profitable, it is expected to open in the future.
In December 2023, the number of hours of work by the Chinese district ' s small dredgers was 90.7 hours, a drop in the same year, which is expected to hit the bottom of domestic excavators ' demand in 2024. The volume of domestic excavators has declined for three consecutive years, with sales in 2023 Chart 5: sales of domestic excavators and the same ratio
Figure 6: Monthly sales of excavators in our country (in thousands of units) In addition to the excavators, companies performed well in non-diggered areas. In the first three quarters of 2023, the share of company revenue in the excavator industry dropped to below 40%.
Volume delivery; breakthrough in the field of agricultural machinery pump valves, cotton pickers, rice mills, wheat mills, tractors, etc.
The company's non-digger sector continued to grow at a sustained high rate, with domestic dredging demand subsided in 2024, and the company's performance is expected to rise upwards
In December 2022, the company publicly released $2 billion for investment in the Mexican project, the linear drive project, the General Hydraulic Pumping Project, the super heavy tank project, etc.
Industry Ltd., which develops and produces products such as electric cylinders and rollers, and internalizes silk poles to form a stable supply chain, has a total of 118,000 m, of which the electric tank department has an area of 8,000 m. New factories have been built and infrastructure construction is in the final stages.
4.22 million metres of silk poles, 10,000 metres of planetary rollers, 1 million metres of straight-line guidance tracks, 104,000 units of standard rollers, 25,000 units of heavy-loaded rollers and 1750 units of planetary rollers.
This chapter mainly summarizes the historical opportunities that companies have borrowed over the past 15 years and how they have taken advantage of their opportunities to achieve their own abruptly, thus achieving scale expansion, competitiveness build-up, and stock-priced performance. Cagr is 23.91%. In the first-ever share of the dredging tank market, the dredging pump valve market continues to progress.
Historical opportunities: a. The rapid increase in the rate of urbanization in our country has led to a corresponding increase in real estate and infrastructure, thus fuelling the surge in demand and prosperity in our engineering and machinery industry.b. The main plant of State-owned engineering and machinery has grown into a fully competitive market, with technological and value-added advantages ranging from import to export.
Global markets are becoming more competitive.c Driven by cost pressures and security of supply chains, the mainframe actively seeks a mix of domestically produced parts and components and actively promotes the upstream domestication of hydraulic parts and components. As a result, companies gain access to higher value for money, more sophisticated product quality, and faster delivery capacity.
Taking advantage of opportunities: a. Excavator industry up-to-date: firm deep-strength cutting-edge clients at all stages of the industry, fast-tracking. In 2008-2011, company excavators successfully entered Willows and Carter, Trinity supply.
During the period 2016-2021, with the rise of the national excavator’s leader, Trinity, and Xu, the company dug the inner depth of the pump valves, the main plant of Xu, etc.
In 2011, 500 million pieces were invested, hydraulic valve development started in 2013, and 1,286 million hydraulic technology projects were launched. Investments in construction were growing rapidly between 2011 and 2015. It was in the industry that companies understated their continued capacity to build.
The company was able to respond quickly and fully absorb downstream market demand during the industrial eruption period, thereby achieving a rapid income rate of 2.1. Historical opportunity: the boom in our engineering and machinery industry has brought about a boom in parts and components, which has replaced the boom in demand 2.1.1 The boom in our infrastructure and infrastructure industry has led to a boom in engineering and machinery.
With the deepening of the socialist market economy and the development and urbanization of our economy, the demand for housing and integrated infrastructure has increased. Over the past 20 years, the country has been experiencing a high rate of fixed investment in real estate and infrastructure.
Figure 13: Investments in real estate and capital fixed assets in our country have continued to grow for almost 20 years, real estate and infrastructure are the two largest downstreams of engineering machinery, and the rise and prosperity of our engineering and machinery industry has been made possible by the explosion of real estate and infrastructure needs. In the overall demand for engineering machinery, we estimate that real estate and infrastructure (mainly roads)
Railways and hydroelectrics account for about 30% and 35%, respectively. As two major areas of demand for engineering machinery, real estate and infrastructure growth are the source of domestic demand for engineering machinery, leading to the start-up of various types of construction, thus allowing the engineering and machinery industry to grow considerably. After many years of development, China has grown into the second largest global market for engineering and machinery, 2022.
During the year, we earned $849 billion in operating income from the entire industry of engineering machinery, which, according to its main uses, can be divided broadly into excavating machinery, earth removal machinery, lifting machinery, compact machinery, plywood machinery, concrete concrete machinery, road surface machinery, stone-crawling machinery and other engineering machinery.
In 2023, according to the China Engineering Industry Association, the engineering machinery-related products consisted mainly of excavators, loaders, cranes, rollers, etc.
In the case of excavators, for example, our engineering and machinery industry has gone through a period of growth and two rounds of maturity. Our engineering and machinery has been growing rapidly since the 1990s.
The cycle is about 10 years (see figure below). (1) Before 2005: China joined wto, economic growth increased, capital construction intensified, a number of priority engineering projects were implemented, the industry was at a high rate of development, and the volume of excavators increased at an average rate of over 40 per cent.
(2) The first cycle covers the period 2005-2015: China's economy is growing at a high rate, and the global financial crisis of 2008, with China's “4 trillion” investment driving large-scale real estate and capital development, has led to a peak of “new demand” for engineering machinery, with sales falling to a low level of about 56,000 in 2011.
(3) The second cycle is 2016-present: the excavator industry has entered the second cycle, with a five-year lead time (2016-2021), mainly driven by a greater diversity of downstream drivers, combined exports, machine replacements, rural construction, State flag swaps, and more resilient demand, with industry in 2021
Sales peaked at about 345,000. Since May 2021, demand for real estate has accelerated downwards and raw materials have grown to the right. Follow-up growth in engineering and machinery has been driven by "quality development" and internationalization, with the prospect of opening up the growing ceiling.
According to the Chinese Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, Chinese brand excavators accounted for 86.8% of the market in 2023, European and American brands 6.4%, and Japanese and Korean brands 6.8%, a fundamental change from the previous cycle: domestic firms in large machine core technology.
The breakthroughs have significantly improved market competitiveness, but there is still a gap between the technological level of the products of internationally recognized brands and the machine-type structure; the accelerated growth and upgrading of the supply chain has contributed to the reduction in the total cost of holding domestic excavator products; and technological advances, the continuous upgrading of service security capabilities and their high level of recognition among domestic clients.
2.1.3 Overseas capacity constraints + cost pressures + supply chain security factors accelerate the domesticization of engineering machinery spare parts, driven by factors such as inadequate supply of spare parts overseas + cost pressures + supply chain security, and the increased urgency of domestic mainframe plants seeking national production packages to proactively promote upstream domestication of hydraulic parts and components, thus giving them to companies such as the Stereopressure.
In 2017, the volume of excavators in the country grew by about 100%, the industrial chain was poorly prepared downstream, resulting in supply-chain shortages, hydraulic-pumped dragonhead suppliers Kawasaki and Leithler, as their core decision-making levels were in place.
Overseas, there are no plans to expand the capacity of hydraulic pump valves, the production of their foundry and core parts is limited, and Kawasaki hydraulic valves are produced locally in Japan for a period of about four months. And the switch to Kawasaki pump valves by a major foreign capital plant that shuts down its own pumping valve plant has made the supply and demand of the excavator valves in 2018 worse.
The company’s market share in the excavator hydraulic pump valve was rapidly expanding in 2018 at a time when foreign pump valve suppliers were not able to produce enough. Cost-reducing pressure from the main plant facilitated the import of hydraulics.
Supply chain risks are rising, and import substitution in the high end hydraulic area is accelerating. Excavator hydraulic pump valves used to be held by foreign manufacturers, with Leslie and Kawasaki as the old hydraulics business, and in 2020 were induced to supply chain security for well-known reasons.
The plant is more pressing for domestic production, taking the initiative to promote the process of domestication of upstream hydraulic parts and components. On the whole, the national production of hydraulic parts can be adapted to local conditions and take up more 2.2, taking advantage of higher value ratios, more sophisticated product quality and faster delivery capacity.
Thanks to the precision of market sensitivity and focused enforcement, the company has managed to capture the two-wheeler boom in the excavator industry, which has now replaced the import of hydraulics in the excavator field and has grown into an internationally competitive hydraulic flagship. (1) The first round of industry booming 2009-2011: capital construction, expansion of real estate investments and loose credit.
Policies, domestic engineering and machinery are developing and booming, companies are seizing the opportunity to replace the excavator tank business with a 56% annual compound increase in corporate income. At that time, the company’s special tank revenues have steadily increased since 2011, making a significant contribution to reducing sales of excavators to the company’s revenues.
Starting in 2016, after the excavator tank, the company’s pump valve operations began to expand, the tank and pump valve operations resonant, and the company collected at a higher rate, with an average annual compound increase of 43% over the period.
The track, where non-divide pump valves are used to drive companies through cycles and reverse growth. 2.2.1, tie-up of front-line customers, industry moves up and down, company locks down downstream dredgers in the two-wheeler industry, and the company's business development is at stake.
(1) First cycle of up-to-date (2005-2011): The company ' s successful entry into Willows and Carter, Trinity supply systems played a key role in the growing size of and increasing market occupancy for excavators. In 1999, the company developed a special tank for excavators.
Since 2007, the company has been in contact with Caterpillar, and after numerous on-site audits, technical exchanges, process exploration, and rigorous product validation, it became a global engineering facility in 2010.
This is an important event in the history of the constant hydraulic development of Caterpillar's hydraulic product suppliers. Prior to that, the share of the domestic dredging tank market was almost occupied by foreign firms like Kyb and Matsuma. After the company's product quality was endorsed by Caterpillar, the dredging tank gradually opened up. In 2008, Willows was the company's first customer, starting with the company.
In 2009 - 2011, the country ' s engineering machinery grew rapidly, and since 2009 the country ' s top three diggers have become the top five clients. (2) The second cycle of the upper cycle (2016 - 2021): accompanied by the rise of the country ' s national excavator taps, Trinity, and Xu.
The company's dredging valves replicate the fuel tank route. The rapid downstream demand surge in 2018 triggered an inadequate supply of spare parts, which was the best time for the company to import new products, and the company seized the opportunity to cut into its core customers and rapidly expand its market share with the advantage of its product performance and cost.
The share of firms, such as temporary workers, has long dominated and the industry is strong, and the global share of international champion Carter's supply is over 50%. According to the company's annual report, in 2022, the company sold 629.94 million excavator tanks, corresponding to about 60% of the city's excavator tank.
In the company's annual reports, we estimate that the share of the three companies' small-digger pumps up to 2023 has risen to about 56%, while the share of the medium- and large-digger pumps valves is around 20%.
Figure 25: Sustained increase in the share of company excavators in oil tanks Figure 26: Sustained increase in the share of company excavators in pump valves 2.2.2, counter-cyclical investments, industry downside savings
(1) Product R & D: The firm has kept pace with trends in technology development in the industry and changes in client demand, adheres to a management concept that combines applied research and forward-looking research, and while continuously improving and upgrading existing dominant products, enhances the R & D input of new products and technologies to break the foreign monopoly on related hydraulic technologies. Companies have hired Germany, Japan, and Japan.
A number of experts in hydraulics, such as the United States, have set up a special hydraulic research institute to form a hydraulic research and development team with experts from the domestic hydraulic industry. In 2013, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Hydraulic Power, and launched a hydraulic pump valve development: an overseas merger in 2015 to purchase Hawein. In 2016, the company successfully developed a small-dump valve, with bulk supply in 2017.
The excavators turn to motors and start loading and authenticating, with bulk supply to be achieved in 2019. (2) On the energy reserve: engineering machines use integrated multi-road valves, have a high degree of precision in the size and purity of the road, and impose stringent requirements on basic processes such as hairbrushes, cleaning, etc., which is an important guarantee of product-production.
In the basic process of casting, smelting is the most critical. The mechanics of hydraulic products under high pressure are complex and require very strict control over the volatility of alloy elements.
In 2011, the company invested 497 million yuan in casting phase I, and in 2018 it started casting phase II, with a total of 500 million yuan and an annual capacity of 35,000 tons.
The company invested $1,286 million in hydraulic valve construction with over-financing. We believe that it is the company that is underestimating continued productive investment that allows the company to respond quickly and fully to market demand during the industry’s eruption, and hence, figure 28: Sustained investment by the company, especially in the industry’s low valley.
2.3. A strategy to promote diversification + internationalization through the excavator cycle The company has a wide range of industries downstream, ranging from engineering machinery to agricultural machinery, marine engineering, energy engineering, port machinery, etc. The multiplicity of industry applications provides a solid basis for companies to resist fluctuations in the single industry cycle of excavators.
From 2011 to 2015, the revenue from the Special Tanks was maintained at an annual rate of about 20%, with an average compound increase of 19% per year, and the main non-plate tanks for companies include: the first-heavy series of tanks, the shield tank, and the three main plates of the High-end Marine Oil Tank. In addition, the company ' s non-scaling tanks have made breakthroughs in such areas as light-heated power generation, offshore wind power, etc. since 2011.
Revenues began to grow steadily. Corporate revenues remained stable at the lower stage of the excavator industry. In 2022-2023, the company’s high-altitude platform area increased significantly, with high rates of motor and closed pumps, while achieving bulk delivery of the main control valves; and the agricultural machinery pump valves produced breakthroughs, cotton pickers, rice mills, wheat mills, tractors.
In addition, the company’s pump valves have been installed to some extent in the fields of seamen, shield structures, crushing, and new energy sources, laying a solid foundation for future industrial hydraulics. Beyond the excavators, the company has been active and performing, allowing it to withstand the effects of single-cycle fluctuations in the excavator industry.
Figure 31: Rapid growth in corporate earnings in non-diggered areas, internationalization strategies drive up firm resilience, while opening up company growth ceilings.
In 2011 and 2021-2022, the share of overseas revenues in corporate gross operating income rose steadily, with the largest number of high-quality customers worldwide, including the world’s top 500 companies, such as Caterpillar, Japanese Styrote, the Japan Dairy, and the Kuboda.
Improved reliance of companies on domestic markets as an important avenue for corporate resistance cycles, and opened up growth days for companies. 2.4. Stock price doubles: performance and valuation bring excess gains. Company listings on 28 October 2011 and listings to date, company stock prices are based on excellent performances and very long excavators.
The oil tank accounts for about 78% of the revenue, while the demand for the excavator canisters has led to downward pressure on the company’s income, a sharp adjustment in the company’s stock prices, a cycle through which the market runs, and the stock price has reached the bottom of the boom. The company’s non-digger tank revenue has been invested in the excavator pump valve business since 2012, and is committed to replacing the national production of the pump valve business and opening the company’s ceiling for forward growth.
The company’s performance continues to be higher than expected, thanks to the bio-beta industry, the company’s dredging tanks, pump valves, and motors. Public stock prices are on the verge of a major rise.
High machines, and so on. At the same time, the rollers/planet rollers and poles project are heavily invested in nurturing the next growth pole. Figure 34: Trends in corporate shares generally, in the year of positive growth in the excavator industry, the stock price of the company has a higher rate of return.
19.2 per cent, in addition to the prevailing market conditions at that time, the excavator industry had entered the absolute bottom in 2015, and the market would have been ahead of schedule. In 2021, while annual sales in the excavator industry had increased by 4.63 per cent, as companies gradually developed a non-digging market cycle, we believe that the company stock rate was likely to yield over-percent.
Valuation fluctuations: The growth of companies and the growth of the engineering and machinery industry have been accompanied by a significant wave of value zones between companies. Since the company was listed, we can roughly divide the volatility between companies into five phases. (1) 2011-2014: downstream excavators have been downsized, and companies have maintained their total income through their own development.
The release led to a gradual digestion of the valuation. And because of the relative macroeconomic weakness of 2018, the market’s exposure to the excavator industry was reduced by the fact that the company’s overall valuation was not high, and the market’s exposure to the excavator industry was 20-30 times more volatile than that of the pe (ttm).
At the same time, the rate of dynamic market gain for companies has also increased from 20 to 90 times, leading to a sharp rise in corporate stock prices (5) 2021-to-date: a high-intensity decline in excavations, which has led to a steady decline in corporate valuations, and the prospect of dynamic market gain for machinery development, which remains worrying and raises questions about the future growth space of companies.
3. Power: The hydraulic market needs are robust, and domestic producers still have a great deal of potential: (1) Hydraulic motion, with its obvious advantages of light weight, small size, low mobility and rapid response, is one of the most important ways in which industrial equipment can move; and its strong power density is immeasurable as a technology that transmits mechanical energy.
As energy conservation and environmental protection across the globe, mobile machines are gradually moving towards electricization, but since load demand is a high-pressure, high-drive scenario, hydraulic pressure is still used as a core driver, without changing the nature of hydraulic demand. (2) Global hydraulic demand is stable, with the United States, China, and Japan as the main hydraulics market.
The cut-off pattern is concentrated mainly in Euro-American and Japanese-led enterprises such as industry giants Bo Shiles, Pike Hannière, Danforth, Kawasaki, etc. (3) China’s hydraulics market is about $90 billion, imports of hydraulics account for about 20% of total demand, and the external stock of high-end hydraulics is estimated to be over 50% if foreign capital is considered high-end in Chinese manufacturing and foreign brand positioning.
The company, as the largest domestic brand in the hydraulic field, has a huge room for import substitution. 3.1. Hydraulic technological advantage is long-standing. Hydraulic pressure is one of the most important ways in which industrial equipment is currently moving.
For example, in 1648, France’s b. Pascal proposed the basic law of pressure transfer in liquids, and in 1681, d. Papain invented the pressure of a safety valve. Joseph Brahma patented hydraulic machines in 1795, marking the start of modern hydraulic engineering.
The rapid development of industries such as post-World War II engineering machinery, automobiles, aerospace, etc., hydraulics have gradually become one of the most important energy transmission methods in modern industrial equipment, and one of the key indicators of the advanced state of mechanical equipment.
Hydraulic transport is a liquid medium that converts the original-motivated mechanical energy to liquid hydraulic energy by means of a driving device, and then converts the pressure of the liquid to mechanical energy by means of an executing device, such as a pipe, hydraulic control and a regulating device, which drives the load into a straight line or reverse motion.
A component and a working medium consisting of five parts. Hydraulic motion has a distinct advantage in light weight, small size, low mobility, rapid response, and so on, compared to mechanical motion, electrical motion. It is generally difficult to directly satisfy the executing agency in terms of speed, strength, turn or mode of motion because of the original motive.
Requirements, therefore, that almost all machines or machines need to be regulated and controlled by an intermediary-transmitter. Depending on the modem (or work medium), the modem is divided into mechanical, electrical, fluid (liquid and air pressure) and composite modems. Hydraulic motion has the following advantages: (1) units.
The statistics show that hydraulic pumps and hydraulic motors have only 1/10 units of power for generators and electric motors and 1/30 for generators and electric motors; that they have a high density of strength and are able to withstand high pressure. (2) layout is flexible and convenient. Hydraulic parts are not designed in strict space locations and are easily made available through pipelines according to machine requirements.
Links between parts of the current system and their layout are very flexible and can constitute a complex system that is difficult to form by other means. (3) The speedier range is large and allows for a wide range of ungraded speeds (up to 2000:1). (4) The excess protection can be achieved automatically. (5) Mineral oil is generally used as a work medium, and the relative surfaces can be lubrinate and have a long life.
3.2. Global hydraulic market volatility, mainly applied to walking machinery and industrial equipment. Hydraulic industry has matured over the course of nearly a century, and the global hydraulic industry began to hold after the 1990s.
According to the Committee on International Fluid Dynamics, the global hydraulic market is projected to be 30,682 million euros in 2022, of which the Chinese market is about 1,120.4 billion euros, with market shares rising from 28.26 per cent in 2016 to 36.52 per cent in 2022, the second largest market in the global hydraulic industry.
Hydraulic products are widely used in various areas of the national economy, and can often be divided into walking machines and industrial hydraulic applications. Walking machines include engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, vehicles, etc. The industrial hydraulic applications include aerospace, machine beds, etc.
For example, according to the China Business Intelligence Agency, hydraulic products amounted to 41% in 2019 for engineering machinery applications. According to the National Fluid Dynamics Association (NFpa), in 2019, the share of U.S. hydraulic products in engineering and agricultural machinery was 26% and 14%; the U.S. agriculture is well developed, and the demand for hydraulics for agricultural machinery is higher.
In the case of engineering machines, the core hydraulics of the excavators consist mainly of hydraulic pumps, reverse hydraulic motors and deceleration machines, high-end main multi-way valves and ultra-high-pressure hydraulic tanks, etc. Each excavator requires a variable hydraulic pump, a converter hydraulic horse and a deceleration machine, two walk variable hydraulic motors and a deceleration machine, a master multi-path valve, four super-high-pressure cylinders, etc. at a total cost.
More than a third of the entire machine. According to khl, the Chinese Association of Engineering and Machinery, we measured the estimated space for core hydraulics in 2023 at the Global Excavator Market in the amount of 46.3 billion yuan. In general, we estimated that in 2023, at the global high-altitude platform market, the space for core hydraulics was about 15.6 billion yuan (not taking into account power-drive penetration rates).
Hydraulic transmission is widely applied to various types of mainframe products and technical equipment in various industries, such as agricultural machinery, engineering machinery, plastic machinery, automobiles, light-twixt medical machinery, and to major technical equipment such as metallurgical mines, petrochemicals, power sources, information electronics, transport vehicles.
Hydraulics vary considerably in accuracy, intelligence, and prices in different areas. Hydraulics are generally less required in areas such as agricultural machinery, while hydraulics in aerospace, ship manufacturing, etc. often require advantages in accuracy, response speed and reliability.
3.3 Global hydraulics are competitively concentrated. National producers of hydraulics can most likely import high-end hydraulics and rely on foreign brands for a long time. Our hydraulic industry started in the 1950’s and, while benefiting from the rapid development of the domestic engineering and machinery market, still has low market concentration and a lack of high-end imports.
According to data from the China Association of Hydraulic Hydraulic Seals Industry and Customs, the domestic hydraulic market was about 87.9 billion in 2021, with our annual imports of hydraulics accounting for 24% of total demand. For example, taking into account the high end of foreign investment in Chinese plants and foreign brand positioning, our hydraulics are more dependent.
The German, US, and Japanese hydraulic industries are leading the world, monopolizing global hydraulic high-end markets. Global hydraulic markets are more competitive, but Germany, America, and Japan, as traditional manufacturing powers, monopolize global high-end hydraulic markets.
In 2022, nearly 50% of the world’s giants, such as Etton Hydraulics, Heavy Worker Kawasaki, Kby, Nabotsk, and others. In comparison, in 2022, the country’s longline hydraulic products earned about $8.2 billion.
Specifically, the high-end hydraulics in the engineering and machinery industry depend heavily on imports. In the hydraulic tank, the main foreign products are Japan's Kyb, the United States Pike Hanni, and so on; in the hydraulic pump valve, the main foreign brands are German Bo Leith, Japan.
Benkawasaki, Danforth, Denmark, and Pike Hanni’s leading companies account for a relatively high share of our market for excavators’ pump valves. In hydraulic motors, the return of domestic excavators in motors is dominated by foreign capital kyb and Danforth: Central African capital in motors is dominated by Na Botsk, and national production is dominated by Eddie’s precision.
Pumps, valves, oil tanks, motors are core components of hydraulic systems, with high technical difficulty and high value. The entire hydraulic system, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, tanks and motors are the most valuable components. They account for more than 70% of the total hydraulic system value.
The most widely distributed hydraulic components in industry are hydraulic cylinders, which account for 28.60% of the ratio, while higher technical difficulties and higher value-added products, such as hydraulic valves, hydraulic pumps and hydraulic motors, are less distributed. According to the International Conference on Fluid Mechanics, the volume of hydraulic valves and hydraulic tanks is equal in terms of the global distribution of hydraulic component values.
The volume of hydraulic valve production in China is much different from that of hydraulic tanks. Hydraulic valves, hydraulic pumps, and hydraulic motors are priority areas for domestic production in China. Hydraulic techniques measure the country’s level of industrialization, with higher industrial barriers.
These features are the key building blocks of high-tech added value. There are five barriers to entry into the high-end hydraulics sector, including manufacturing barriers, brand barriers, product development barriers, financial barriers and barriers to talent, and there is a need for large-scale production division of labour, including basic theoretical research, mechanical manufacturing, materials, sealing, casting, oil products, etc.
Hydraulics are the core building blocks for China’s manufacture of 2025, and the state promotes the autonomous development of hydraulics. Hydraulics are part of the core building blocks for industrial foundations.
By 2025, 70% of the core base parts, essential basic materials will have been self-contained, 80 marker advanced processes will have been promoted, partially leading the country, and a better system of industrial technical infrastructure services will have been developed, leading the way to a more coherent and coordinated infrastructure.
After decades of development, some autonomous domestic branding companies, through long-term technological closure, have partially broken the technological monopoly of internationally known hydraulic companies on high-end hydraulic products and launched a range of high-tech hydraulic products.
The gap between end hydraulics and the world’s leading technology has been reduced, and the import alternative space has been opened. For example, the tank has been dominated by the share of the mainstream mainframe plant’s trio, Xu Engineering, Willows, Ritters, etc. We estimate that in 2022 it was about 60% in the city of the excavator tank. But other core hydraulics, such as hydraulic pumps, motors, slowers, etc.
The development of new energy technologies poses an electric threat. In order to reduce energy efficiency, there is a consensus to replace internal combustion engines with new sources of energy.
The ability to drive hydraulic tanks/madas, but to drive the power drive, there is also a need to generate power through generators, all of which are once available (e.g., figure b). So, as new energy technologies develop, industries will give priority to power-driven approaches, and the electrodynamicization of engineering machinery is an essential route to industrial development, without changing the status of hydraulic pressure as its core driver.
As the two-carbon policy continues, energy-saving reductions have become a top priority in the production process in all sectors, and the engineering and mechanical industries, which are large consumers of energy and carbon emissions, are accelerating their transition to electrodynamics. The head of Willows has done a luminous analysis: electric products can achieve zero emissions, low noise, a 20% increase in efficiency and a 30% reduction in failure rates compared to conventional fuel equipment.
Moreover, electric engineering machines are more economical, with combined costs being reduced by 50% – 70% compared to fuel machinery during their use. Global engineering poles such as Caterpillar, Volvo construction equipment, as well as traditional country-owned trio, Xu, Willow, Dragon and the new power of car-making companies such as Boreton, are deep-seated electrodynamics.
National Engineering and Mechanics have come up with a new opportunity to develop. The engineering and mechanical motorization system is called the "Cell + Electric Motivation + Hydraulic System" system, which is called the "Electric fluid drive" and does not alter the status of hydraulics as a driver. For example, a pure electric excavator, which simply replaces the power system from the internal combustion engine (diesel engine) with the battery and electric motor, which is the core driver.
The integration and integration of electromechanical fluids is the future direction of the hydraulics industry, i.e., "Liquid Drainage Control". Hydraulic pressure is a natural mode of drive, electricity is a good way of control, from "Liquid Drainage Control" to "Liquid Drainage Control" is the direction of the hydraulics industry.
But it doesn't change the status of hydraulics as a driver. If you compare hydraulic drives to human muscles, hydraulic systems are controlled by hand control, machine control, liquid control, and electrical control. Computers are comparable to brain and nerve control. So hydraulic drive combined with computer control can be strong and flexible, and it is the best combination.
The solution is to use computer intelligence to achieve complex actions. So, the power control is the ideal control formula for hydraulic driving. The fluid is used extensively in fixed equipment, but it starts late in mobile equipment. The main reason is that early electronics are difficult to adapt to the working conditions of mobile equipment, combined with relatively high prices, and that the economic benefits of the power control are not high, for example.
Now, with the rapid development of electronic technology, the impact of these two problems has diminished considerably, so Europe and America have already begun to develop mobile hydraulics. Power drive, which means the motor drives loads directly, without hydraulic transmission. That's the possibility of replacing hydraulics from "liquid-discharge control" to "liquid-discharge control." This should be done more by hydraulic companies.
To LED, the main possible means are: (1) a liquid converter. A liquid converter can convert a telecommunications signal into a force or position shift, so that it can regulate the power, with a wide variety of types of switch magnets, scale magnets, servo valves, walk-in machines, and servo machines. The proportion of electromagnetic magnets is the most used.
For a variety of reasons, the main dependence is now on imports, which is a bottleneck in the automation of China’s hydraulic equipment. (2) Switch to flow valves. Most commonly used in hydraulic systems to regulate flow flow is to switch to flow valves, often referred to as multi-road valves in mobile hydraulics.
(iii) Conversion pump power control. Control of the volume of the volume pump can be divided into external controls and internal controls. All external controls (manual controls, machine controls) can easily be replaced by electrical controls. All internal controls: negative flow pumps, positive flow pumps, pressure pumps, pressure differential pumps (also known as load sensitive pumps), hemorrhaging pumps, etc., are liquid controls and can in principle be achieved by electrical controls.
The underlying reason why voltage cannot replace hydraulic pressure is the high power density of hydraulics. Load motion is either flat (direct line movement) or spinning. In the field of straight-line motion, hydraulic cylinders are so simple that the force-driven power that can be achieved is too much to look at. This is because electromagnetic power is restricted by currents, and all available materials are currently blocked: the more the current, the more the heat.
The electromechanical system of sexual activity can be as high as 500 kn. While minor improvements in power and speed can be achieved through further material development, coatings and geometric shapes, it seems unlikely that a revolutionary leap will occur. Then any further increase in mechanical power and torque by mechanical motion will be limited by the quality to accelerate. A small push on a quota value of less than 100 kn.
Robustly flat scenes, power-driven systems have great potential to replace hydraulic systems in many applications. At the same time, we must recognize that power power power, power density, power density, power speed, current strength limits electromagnetic power, but does not limit power-driven speed. So the power density of high-speed motors can outpace hydraulic motors.
Chart 68: The power-drive system has the upper limit than the hydraulic system Chart 69: The most hydraulic thrust at unit mass In summary, will hydraulic technology be replaced? Based on the current level of technology, the answer is no. Hydraulics are powerful.
The power density is always needed as a technology to transfer mechanical energy. Unless, after the normal temperature superconductor technology or any other new technology has entered a practical phase, it can theoretically reduce the volume and quality of the electromagnetic implementer, increase the power density, and the hydraulic pressure may exit the historical stage, hydraulics will remain an important driver of industrial equipment.
It's one way, and it's one way, and it's one way, and it's one way, and it's one way, and it's one way, and it's one way.
A hundred-year-old shop in the hydraulic industry, recognized by the global hydraulic component industry, including the German Boschroth, the United States Parkerhannifin, Japan.
These 100-year-old companies, after the baptism of their history, are still more viable. Learning and taking into account their development history is a strong guide or a lesson for the future development of our hydraulic industry.
4.1. BMS: Big, big, global leader in technology transfer and control. BUSE was joined in 2001 by Robert Bo's “Automated Technology” business unit with Mannesman Leith, which is now fully owned by the BS. Lisbeth was founded in 1795 and was originally produced as the main producer.
Building products and fine castings (the world of the casting): The formal production of hydraulic products began in 1953. Currently, Bo is positioning the brand as the world’s leading provider of mobile and control solutions, with strong alliances and sharp innovations.
In the mechanical sector, the linear transfer technology of Bo is well known in the global industry, ranging from mechanical components, assembly techniques, delivery systems, to gears, etc.
Hydraulic pressure, welding, cracking, mobile robotics, etc., have a lot of experience in project development. In the electrical transmission and control sector, Bo has a series of products such as transformers, servers and drivers, speed decelerations, control systems, hmi, software engineering, etc., which all help Bo has a combination of practical applications.
Every link from R & D, design, production to testing of strictly closed products has a global lead in high-pressure pumps, high-pressure valves, high-pressure oils, whole series of hydraulic products.
Thanks to a well-developed product mix and the strategic layout of globalization, Bo has a strong business base. Corporate operations have spread across more than 80 countries and regions around the world, earning 7 billion euros in 2022 and growing by 14 per cent in the same year, a record high: Bo has consistently pursued and deepened the bipolar localization strategy, spearheading the opening of the Chinese market in 1978 and deep-drawing for many years.
China is now the second home of Bo and one of its largest sales markets.
By investing 5-6% of its annual sales in R & D, Bo Leisure has always maintained the Group’s keenness to innovate and its commitment to sustaining the technological frontier of the industry. In 2022, Bo Leisure invested 388 million euros in R & D, accounting for about 5.5% of its income, significantly higher than the same industry; investment focuses on digitalization, mechanical electro-electricization of the elion product.
The electricization of walking machines is one of the key areas of Bo Leisure’s future development. In recent years, with China and the rest of the world, China and the rest of the world have become more powerful.
In view of the increasing interest in environmental protection in many parts of the country, the engineering and machinery industry is accelerating the pace of transformation and is moving towards electric, light-quantified, and interconnected vehicles. In 2019, in the face of the trend towards electrodynamicity, Bo Cream launched the elion platform at the German International Engineering and Mechanics Fair (bauma 2019).
Combining, including a full range of electric generators, inverters and accessories, and coordinating transmission tanks, hydraulic systems and software; combining advanced electrodynamic technologies with practical experience in the non-road field to support full electrodynamic and scalable mobility of walking machines. The elion product solution can be applied to 80 equipment options in the 20kw to 200kw power range.
In terms of energy supply, whether a battery or a fuel cell, with the help of Bulco-Roeion, it is possible to achieve better power performance for the equipment, without affecting its other performances. Whether walking or implementing, Bulco-Royce’s latest innovations in hydraulic pressure systems and gears can be seamlessly associated with a new series of high-pressure electrical products.
In February 2023, in the area of hydraulics, Bo Leisure became the acquisition of Hydraforce, an American company focused on mechanical and electromagnetic plug valves and hydraulic cluster valves.
It has significantly enhanced Bo's ability to operate in the field of compact hydraulic systems (especially in the North American region), balancing the pace of development in Europe and North America with enabling Asian business growth. Heidefus focuses on mechanical and electromagnetic plugs, assembly valves, and hydraulic aggregate valves (hic). The compact hydraulic components are characterized by high power density and multifunctional applications.
The global markets of these systems have continued to grow, and Bo Leisure expects to continue to expand its advantages. 4.2, Patrick Hanney: A pioneer in sports and control.
Pike is a global leader in nine major areas of movement and control technology: aerospace, environmental control, electric machinery,
In the 1980’s, it was one of the first foreign joint ventures to be established since China’s opening up and foreign direct investment. Chart 77: The Pike Hanni’s development journey, in the last 15 years, brought together between US$ 9.99 billion and US$ 19.7 billion in business income (combined with the people).
For 15 years, the net profit of Patrick Hanney was acquired at $508 million in the production of Meteor, which led to a surge in aviation revenues. Figure 78: Yearly harvests and the rate of increase in Paik Hanni's profits.
Figure 79: Patrick Hanney's annual net profit and its rate of increase The sub-operation structure shows that the main business of the Pac Hanney Camp is divided into four main plates of aerospace, fluid and process control, filtering and engineering materials and motion systems, in which fluid and process control, filtering and engineering materials and motion control are merged into multiples
As of 30 June 2023, the region of Europe and the United States remained the main market, with approximately 527,000 clients in North America, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and Latin America, selling, producing, research and development.
The largest single customer contributed less than 4% of the company ' s total revenue. In 2023, Pichany earned $12,689 million in North America and $3,778 million in Europe, representing 66.6% of total operating income, and Pichany ' s hydraulics were mainly distributed under the sports system and the hydraulic module of the aerospace system under the diversified industry.
The collection of this component is a good indicator of the level of hydraulic-related operations. This indicates a steady increase in operating income from hydraulic-related operations, which fluctuates between 10.9% and maintains a profit from the year to year.
The lubricant rate is not very different, and in recent years the margins of business in diversified industries have been higher than those in aerospace systems, with a significant difference in operating margins between 20.9 per cent and 12.9 per cent in fiscal year 2023, respectively, 4.3 and Danforth: acquisition of Eton hydraulics, physical mobility hydraulics and industrial hydraulics as global leaders.
The Danish company Danforth, founded in 1933 during the Great Depression, has become one of the world’s leading suppliers of innovative and energy-efficient solutions from an independent enterprise to one of the world’s leading suppliers. Danforth has gone from a heat-inflating valve in the refrigeration system to one of the world’s first heat-regulating heat-dischargers, to one of the world’s first mass-production transformers until today.
Precision of remote information processing in agriculture, with global operations such as power, climate, drive, emissions detection, fire safety, etc. Danforth has been exploring breakthrough technologies for green transformation.
Founded during the Great Depression, and after more than 90 years of growth, Danforth achieved sales of €10.3 billion in 2022, bringing together around 42,000 highly dedicated workers worldwide. In February 2020, Danforth set new targets to achieve carbon neutrality in all global operations of the company by 2030, and 30% of women in leadership positions by 2025.
In January of that year, Danforth entered into an agreement with the United States company Eton to buy $3.3 billion for a portion of its hydraulic operations under its flag to be incorporated into its power system sector, which in 2019 accounted for 86 per cent of the Eden hydraulic sector revenues and sales of $2.2 billion: the two sides completed the handover on 2 August 2021, making Danforth a walking hydraulic and industrial worker worldwide.
Leaders of industry hydraulics, and the Danforth Group expanded by one-third. Between 2015 and 2020, Danforth’s overall revenues remained at around €6 billion (equivalent to RMB 39-87 billion): revenues fluctuated considerably after 21 years, mainly because of the integration of Eden hydraulics acquisitions into power systems.
In the first half of the 2023 fiscal year, Danforth achieved a net profit of 402 million euros.
Figure 90: Danforth's annual net profit and its growth rate Aeroquip-vickers, aeroquip-vickers, and the Ind Norman Technologies Group, among others, were acquired in 2011. Eton's main business is electrical products, vehicles, aerospace, hydraulics, electric cars, etc., and hydraulics are industry and mobile.
The profits from Eden hydraulic operations have remained at 9-16 per cent over the past 12 years.Danfors has diversified its operations, with the main business comprising power programmes, climate programmes, power electronics drivers and other operations including discharge detection, sensorization, etc., in which the power system is divided into different business units according to different work modules:
Electric machines, pumps, valves, diversion components and systems, electronic control, electrical systems, software, and former Eden hydraulic products. Danforth is one of the top manufacturers in the industry, whose hydraulic power units are used extensively in such areas as heavy machinery, agricultural machinery, industrial machinery, cranes and material handling, forestry machinery, and downstream diversification has resulted in overall smooth revenue from Denver.
By the end of 2021, Eden’s hydraulic operations had generated 790 million euros for Danforth. During the first half of the 2023 fiscal year, Danforth earned 5.53 billion euros (approximately 43.3 billion yuan), with 47 per cent, 28 per cent and 25 per cent respectively of the power programme, the climate case and the electronic power-driven business plate.
Figure 94: Yearly collection structure in Danforth
Figure 96: Danforth's combined Māori rates and net interest rates
In Latin America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East, 34 per cent, 33 per cent, 22 per cent, 5 per cent, 3 per cent, 3 per cent, respectively. 4.4, Kawasaki Heavy Industries: from the shipbuilding industry of Japan's heavy industry, Kawasaki Heavy Industries has grown into one of Japan's most important heavy industries.
After the establishment of Kawasaki in 1878, and after its change of name to the Yorki Society Kawasaki Shipyard, which is the predecessor of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Kawasaki provided the Japanese army with military equipment such as Swallows, Fifth-style Fighters, First-style Transports during World War II, and built a famous battleship, the Sakamoto and the Gaga carrier;
Rapidly becoming one of Japan’s most important heavy industries, operating in the fields of aviation, space, shipbuilding, railways, engines, motorcycles, robotics, etc., representing Japan’s advanced scientific and technological standards.
Over the past 15 years, the overall income of the heavy workers in Kawasaki has remained volatile between 1.1 and 1.6 trillion yen (equivalent to RMB 60-83 billion). In addition to the 2009 global financial crisis and the global outbreak of the 2022 epidemic, the primary workers in Kawasaki have been profitable, with net profit fluctuations between mothers amounting to RMB 12-52 billion (equivalent to RMB 6-26 billion).
Billion yen, mainly due to loss of corporate income due to major problems in the operation of the pw 1100g-jm engine in which the company was involved.
The overall profitability of the heavy workers in Kawasaki is low, the Māori rate fluctuates between 15 and 20 per cent, and the net interest rate level is around 1 to 2 per cent. By branch, the turnover of power and engine is relatively high, at around 10 per cent; and the overall turnover of railway vehicles is low, at around 1 per cent.
Since the fiscal year 2009, investment in the development of heavy works in Kawasaki has continued to grow and remain at about 40-50 billion yen (the equivalent of 2.5-3 billion yen), representing 3 per cent of the revenues.
Energy systems and plant engineering, precision machinery and robotics, power and motors: 76.9 billion yen (approximately 37.2 billion yuan) was earned by heavy labourers in Kawasaki in the first half of 2023; aerospace systems, railway vehicles, energy systems and factory engineering, precision machinery and robotics, motorcycles and engines accounted for 16.7 per cent, 10.9 per cent, 19.2 per cent, 13.3 per cent, respectively.
In the first half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half, the second half began to globalize, establishing production bases in overseas markets, and the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half, the second half of the second half came from Japan, the United States, and Asia.
The most sophisticated machinery and robotics sector in Kawasaki consists mainly of hydraulic units (all types of hydraulic pumps, valves, motors, hydraulic systems, etc.) and robotics (medical and pharmaceutical robotics). Over the last 10 years, it has benefited from an increase in global automation, with Kawasaki weighing.
In the first half of the 2023s, due to semiconductor equipment machines, which fell by 12.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, Kawasaki Heavy Industries was one of the top manufacturers of the largest scale and production equipment in the industry, and was used extensively in engineering, agricultural, industrial, naval, forestry, etc.
In the field, downstream diversification has led to an overall stabilization of the revenue from heavy engineering precision machinery (hydro-pressure) in Kawasaki, estimated at RMB 150-160 billion (equivalent to RMB 7.5-80 billion) between fiscal years 2019-2022: revenue from the Chinese market is estimated at 565-Figure 109: turnover of sophisticated instruments and robotics in Kawasaki.
Figure 110: Kawasaki Heavy Industries Fine Mechanics (Hydraulic Component Operations) from China and other regions with revenues and speed of increase 4.5,kyb: Expert in Global Seismic Relations, which was created in 1919 by the Japanese company Kyb, which combines advanced hydraulic and electronic technologies as core competitiveness
The main products are hydraulic equipment for the construction of machinery and aviation, shock absorbers in the areas of motor vehicles, motorcycles and new trunk lines, and special vehicles, high-rise buildings, and stage setting.
In 2019, there was a strong demand for automobiles and engineering machinery as a result of the outbreak of the new crown.
Uncertainty: Keyb, whose main business is automobile operations and hydraulics, was affected more and suffered greater losses. In 2019, the net profit of Kyb to the mother amounted to 61.9 billion yen. Keyb's overall profitability was low and volatile, and the net interest rate for the mother fluctuated between 16.2 and 6.3 per cent.
Automobile and hydraulic operating margins are relatively high, at around 6 per cent; aviation components are in constant loss, and since fiscal year 2009, the investment in Kyb R & D has grown slowly and has remained stable overall, at around JPY 2.8-81 billion (equivalent to RMB 140-410 million), accounting for 2.4 per cent of the revenue.
According to the sub-operation, Kyb operates in a diversified manner, and the main battalion operations consist mainly of auto parts, hydraulics, aviation parts and packages, and four major business plates covering special vehicles, electronic equipment; in the first half of the 2023 fiscal year, Kyb earned $218 billion (approximately RMB 10.9 billion), and the share of auto parts, hydraulics, aviation parts and other operations was 65.5 per cent, respectively.
According to the branch, kyb began to globalize as early as the 1980s, establishing production bases in overseas markets and expanding its brand name. In the first half of the 2023 fiscal year, kyb received 41.5 per cent, 15.9 per cent, 11.8 per cent, 7.5 per cent and 5.8 per cent of its revenues from Japan, Europe, the United States, South-East Asia, and China, respectively.
The kyb hydraulic unit consists mainly of industrial hydraulic equipment (all types of hydraulic tanks, pumps, valves, motors, etc.) and two plates of hydraulic systems. Its hydraulic products are widely used in engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, industrial machinery, forestry machinery, etc.
One billion yen (approximately 5.5-7 billion yuan equivalent): the revenue from the Chinese market is about 142-18 billion yen (approximately 7.1-90 billion yuan equivalent). In the first half of the 2023 won, the kyb hydraulic unit generated 67.9 billion yen, up 1.3 per cent of the same year, and the kyb hydraulic operating profit rate fluctuated between 4.1 and 8.4 per cent.
4.6. Nabotsk: The global dredgers walk the tap of the motor. Naboportsk was established in September 2003 and is composed of two Japanese companies, the Imperial Machine and Naboc, which were founded in 1944 and entered the robotics industry. Rv transfer theory was introduced in 1980, and Rv was reduced in 1986.
As producers of motion control systems and components, both companies have mastered core technology in their particular fields of operation, helping Nabo Teske to control a higher market share in robotics.
In the third quarter of the first quarter of the 2023rd fiscal year, sales rose by 3.0%. In the third quarter of the 2023rd fiscal year (January-September 2023), the revenues of Nabo Tesque were 24,35.8 billion yen, an increase of 11.3 per cent from the same year, and 30,86.9 billion yen from the 2022 fiscal year, a rise of 3.0 per cent from the same date.
Figure 124: Nabotsk's annual harvest and its rate of increase
In the first three quarters of 2023, a Māori sales rate of 24.6 per cent, a net sales interest rate of 5.5 per cent, a profit margin of 5.3 per cent, and a profit margin. R&D expenditure of 8.1 billion yen, or 3.3 per cent, in the first three quarters of the Fiscal year.
Speeders and hydraulics), trs (railway vehicles, commercial vehicles, marine vessels and aircraft equipment), acb (automatic doors), mfr (packaging machines). The largest share over the years has been cmp (including a deceleration machine and hydraulics), which earned 24,358 million yen in the first three quarters of 2023, of which cmp, acb, trs, mfr accounted for 44.2 per cent and 27.8 per cent, respectively.
23.0%, 5.1%, according to the operational sub-region, Nabotsk is globalized and has established a production base in overseas markets and global brand expansion. In the third quarter of the 2023s, Nabotsk received revenue from Japan, China, Asia (except Japan, China),
In North America, Europe and elsewhere, the share was 53.0 per cent, 14.5 per cent, 6.2 per cent, 17.7 per cent, 17.9 per cent and 0.6 per cent, respectively. Chart 128: Nabotsk product operations. Nabotskcmp sector consists mainly of two major plates: a deceleration machine and hydraulics.
Soft and Chinese demand for engineering machinery has declined, and the size of Nabotsk hydraulics is shrinking, leading to a decline in the profitability of cmp applications as well. Nabotsk goes back to 1930 in the hydraulics field, with a strong technology base, high value added, and has opened up Xiao Matsu, a friend engineering machine, Carter, 3-(China), Xu (China), Liu (Huangzhou) and others.
Over the years, China has been the largest market in Nabotsk hydraulics, accounting for about 60% of its revenues, and Japan the second largest. In the area of motors, Nabotsk’s global market share has been stable over the years, at around 25%.
Figure 133: Market situation in the Nabotsk hydraulic sub-division of income
4.7.1 A “100-year-old shop” of its own technology should be able to lead the world's technological tide, rather than reverse it. Sustained investment in high R & D costs to strengthen innovation is a necessary condition for upgrading the competitiveness of enterprise products and technologies.
R & D inputs are the cornerstone of these 100-year-old shops’ ability to sustain their vitality. 4.7.2 Continuous M & As, widening product lines.
There is full market coverage. The history of hydraulic development, such as Recaution Leisure, Kawasaki, Danforth, shows that continuous mergers and acquisitions, or strong alliances, are also important measures. From the history of Eton’s mergers and acquisitions, the hydraulic sector alone conducted more than 20 mergers and acquisitions between 1999 and 2012. But Eton sold all of its hydraulics to Denver in 2021.
S, which quickly brought Danforth hydraulics into the top three positions on the planet, and became the leader of industrial hydraulics and mobile hydraulics. In 2023, Bo Leisure completed another acquisition of Hydraforce. Hydraforce (Hedfords) was first founded in Chicago, United States, in 1985 and became the world’s leading producer of hydraulic plug valves in 1999.
A wide range of products is a perfect complement to the existing product mix of the Bulco-Little Hydraulic Business Modules, the Energized Raxes in North/South America, and Europe. Scanning for more services.
Figure 136: Large-scale acquisitions by hydraulic giants for the last three years
Income growth is robust. We see that the 100-year-old giants, such as Bo Shilesca and Kawasaki Heavy Workers, have diversified their operations, whether business or market ends, and have diversified their development, thus increasing their overall competitiveness and helping them to resist the cycles of single operations, single markets and so on.
with the same business; with modules of the same colour between different companies without any relevance)