Resource and Environmental Research Centre Company 2018h1 operating income of 67.560 billion, an increase of 12.0 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $2.14 billion, supply speed, passenger rate stability and insufficient incentive to raise fares: mid-2017 to mid-2018, South
A total of 69 aircraft were imported net, compared with 33 in the previous year, and 786 in the company fleet as of the reporting period. The speed of the aircraft ' s introduction has accelerated, resulting in an increase in the ask of the company as a whole in 2018h1, but the acceleration of the power input has resulted in a certain suppression of the company ' s profitability level, with 2018h1 units per kilometer.
The same gain was the main reason for the lower than expected performance in the current period. As the main base, White Cloud Airport, grew at a time of limited time, the company was judged to have invested more capacity in the second- and third-line market, and the supply and demand of this type of market did not improve significantly.
On the international line, after two years of performance - South Airlines Review. The digestion of 2018.3.27 power, with the same increase of 3.3% in the company ' s international line Rask, became an income endpoint, with the company ' s entire passenger transport.
3. "Or is this round going up to the top of beneficiaries -- the annual plan is to bring in the 54/76 aircraft, the speed with which it is being introduced, and the short-term aircraft drops are still a problem. "
The cost control continues, with a small reduction in the unit cost of withholding oil: the business cost of 2018h1 increased by 13.5 per cent, gross.
The cost of the oil was 25.8 per cent higher, although the company ' s non-oil cost control continued, and in the context of the price increases at inland airports, the daily utilization of the aircraft increased by the same 0.03 hours through a network of routes, with the main cost increases being less than the ask rate and the non-oil cost per ton reduced by the same 1.9 per cent in the current period.
Financial costs of $2.04 billion, an increase of $1.20 billion, combined with higher oil prices, contributed to lower performance, mainly due to losses of $420 million on exchange, which in the same period last year amounted to $560 million.
Southern Airlines is home-grown in terms of fleet size and time-marketing, with significant advantages in the second-tier domestic market and in the international South-East Asian Oceania market; it holds the opportunity of White Cloud 2 and the new airport in Beijing, looking forward to it.
▪ The renminbi depreciates more than expected, the new airport in Beijing is growing slower than expected, and the price of oil is rising more than expected.