The performance of the company's 002415, which was expected, was rapidly growing in innovative business -- the annual report of 002415.sz in 2024 and the quarterly review in 2025.
Business income grew steadily in 2024, with a positive performance in the first quarter of 2025 (millions):
To be a leader, it is a strong guarantee of the growth of corporate business. Homeowners abroad maintain good growth, adopt locally appropriate business strategies, continue to increase the market share of channel business, and project capacity and experience.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved business income of $18,532 million, an increase of 4.01 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $2,039 million, an increase of 6.41 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $1,926 million, an increase of 9.44 per cent in the same year.
The ebg operation remained stable and there was a steady growth in overseas operations The public service group pbg collected 13,467 million yuan, a decline of 12.29 per cent over the same period, and the traditional operations of public security, traffic police, etc., showed a marked decline as the size of government investment was reduced, but emergency response, water, water, etc.
Basic human activities, such as urban lifelines, benefited from the issuance of special state debt, which led to negative growth. Businesses and businesses generated $17,651 million, a decrease of 1.09 per cent, compared to the previous year, industrial enterprises and petrochemical coals.
In the case of carbon, electricity, smart commerce, etc., there has been faster growth, and the resilience and performance of large and medium-sized enterprises has been rapidly assessed: a steady increase in revenue, sustained growth in the ai area. The digital transformation is relatively strong and more willing to take the lead based on demand for lifts, efficiency gains, and drops.
Annual report stocktaking: business growth is steady and innovation is growing rapidly The share of innovation is rising, the corporate smart business conglomerate is strategically on the ground The innovation business generates $22.484 billion, or 24.31% of the total income.
Industrial networking, intelligent logistics and intelligent manufacturing, continued deep-drawing in machine vision, mobile robotics, and the addition of a whole series of joint robotic robots, gradually completing a combined "hand, eyes, feet" strategy, became a leading company in the domestic industry. The Fireflies network is mastered from hardware design and development to material creation.
The full capacity of the cloud platform has become a rare arot enterprise in the industry with the ability to provide full vertical integration services.
Multi-dimensional sensing capabilities, such as temperature, pressure, flow, and position, have become domestic heat imaging leading companies. Companies provide video-centric smart-ass networking solutions and big data suits to global users, with overall advantages in terms of technology, products, and solutions, and are growing in space.
Continuing growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks of domestic economic transition; downside risks in the global economy; geopolitical environmental risks; technological upgrading; risks; internal management risks; legal compliance risks; exchange rate fluctuations risks; supply chain risks.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts