\Trangleright \Triangleright
During the year, the company achieved business income of $92,496 million, an increase of 3.53 per cent over the year; the parent ' s net profit of $11,977 million, a decrease of 15.10 per cent over the year. In the first quarter of 2025, business income of $18,532 million, an increase over the year.
For the first time, \triangleright ' s combined income exceeded the income of the country ' s main business. 1) pbg operations: 13,467 million yuan was collected in 2024, a decline of 12.29%.
\triangleright four basic platform capabilities to expand five major sectors of business, with a reverse growth in basic people's business; Accumulation and improved digital product systems of smart-associated technologies, enabling business managers to build global digitization
(b) \triangleright has built a network of client workstations and smart services to facilitate the digital transformation of smb and the upgrading of industry services;
\triangleright outside the market actively expands the second-growth curve with image technology, artificial intelligence technology, multi-dimensional sensing technology
\triangleright 1. Haeconway (002415.sz) 3-quarter 2024
Innovative business such as instrumenters, fluorescent networks, Haikang microfilms, etc. have taken the lead in their respective fields.
Along with the big one model technology, promote the optimization of new digital products and speed up the digitalization of the landscape. Robust growth, enhanced investment in innovative research and development, 2024/08/Strategic adjustments to improve the Māori rate, and red + buy-back returns to shareholders on a continuous basis.
\triangleright 3. Hai Conway (002415.sz) Tri-quarter 2023: Income and profit growth back on track and innovation taking the lead
Shareholders total more than $8.4 billion, more than 70 per cent of the net return to the mother in 2024. Investment proposals: companies will continue to deepen the technological enabling of the big model, offshore and innovative operations will continue to grow, and the main industry will recover from fiscal stimulus or recovery, while promoting a sustained change in the Māori rate through strategic adjustments.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.