Innovative and offshore operations sound, with good performance in a quarter 2024 and a performance rating in 2025, Haiconway (002415.sz)
Events: Corporate annual reports for 2024 and first quarter report for 2025. 2024: Camp Wu Qing Innovation and overseas business growth strong and overall performance robust: corporate innovation business board during the reporting period
The share continues to rise, benefiting from the leading advantages in various fields, such as the flag affiliates’ fluorescent network, the Heicon robotics, the Heicon microfilm, and the multi-dimensional layout of innovative business and the company’s continuous enhancement of smart-ass technology.
The company's total income is 24.31%. The Heikang robot builds a “hand, eyes, feet” system of collaboration in industrial goods networking and intelligent manufacturing to consolidate industry leadership; the fluorescent network demonstrates the ability to integrate from hardware to platforms to lead the aiot track with vertical integration advantages; the seacom's microskinning of mems, photovoltaics and multidimensional senses, steady.
In terms of interest rates, the company ' s Māori rate in 2024 was 43.83% (Yoy-0.50 ptt).
Three traditional business dynamics are in the process of recovery, and large models are expected to generate long-term value growth: in 2024, the Public Administration faced downward pressure on all three traditional lines of business. Of this, the pbg crop fell to $13.467 billion (Yoy-12.29 per cent). Market security tended to saturate and the number of new government and public security projects decreased;
The contraction of public spending, the increase in local government debt, and the slow pace of project approval and implementation directly reduced the operational space and project landing in pbg. ebg generated $17,651 million (youy-1.09 per cent), businesses are gradually adjusting the pace of digital investment and increasing their willingness to replace traditional security equipment and solutions.
The demand for the original product pattern has diminished. Smbg has generated $11,971 million (youy - 5.58%), which is a weak willingness of target groups to spend digitally, crushing a certain margin of profit. With technology-driven dynamic effects falling into the mainstream of government and business development, companies are moving faster to digitalize large models.
The process of landfall is expected to continue to empower three major industries in the future, leading to long-term value growth.
The company continues to build flexible and efficient manufacturing systems through the alumni, from the Galactic Computers, which evaluate the performance of the company on a quarterly basis.
Motivating production and global manufacturing bases to enhance delivery capacity and resilience. At the same time, companies deepen their intelligent supply chains, empower their upstream and downstream partners, build stable synergistic ecosystems, and strengthen their own numbers, and increase the speed of innovation.
The depth of the chemical product should be applied to the production park, as a pilot of continuous and iterative intellectual manufacturing practices to enhance manufacturing efficiency.
Compared to improvements, there was a robust growth in innovation, and the “big model” was widely available and built on the intelligents coalition technology base: the company published the big model in 2023, and in 2024 it became a corporate smarts consortium strategy with deep convergence in several business scenes.
The model combines a variety of visual, millimetre wave, infrared, x-ray, sound, fibre optics, etc., with trans-modular alignment, semantic understanding and reasoning decision-making capabilities that drive event identification and processing in natural languages, thus providing a key path from "see" to "seeable" in weeks.
In the community prevention scene, large visual models significantly improve image recognition accuracy, reducing the rate of misreporting by 90 per cent; millimetre wave models reduce the detection rate of contraband by 86 per cent in the security inspector's door-to-door application; X-ray models should be used for contraband detection and industrial cert, with a 75 per cent reduction in the detection rate.
Business is completely upgraded in smart cameras, thermal imaging, etc., to achieve a “sense-understanding-decision-making” intellectual shut-off, laying the foundation for a unified, scalable smart-associated technology system. Marketing service systems continue to change to promote digital synergy: companies continue to improve marketing and services at home and abroad.
Within the country, the company has built 32 provincial operations centres and more than 300 municipal branches to form a deep-touched local marketing structure. In overseas, the company continues to promote “localization” and implement it.
In terms of service systems, companies have established a three-tier technical support structure with global coverage, with multiple authorized sites in the country. At the same time, they have accelerated the digital transformation of marketing services and set up a platform for digitizing marketing clothing.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been available in the past.
The report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.