China Coal Energy: A steady increase in prices and strong performance resilience, industrial layout still Medium Coal Energy (601898.sh) incident: 20 March 2024, China Coal Energy Annual Report published, company operations in 2023
This is an increase of 7 per cent; net profit after deduction is $19,364 million, an increase of 6.8 per cent in the same year; cash flow from operating activities.
Coal sales by power were 120 million tons, an increase of 12.92 per cent over the same year, and sales of 532 yuan/tons per unit, a decrease of 20.8 per cent over the same year, which was partly influenced by lower market prices, while the prices of home-grown coal sales fell by 113.84 yuan/ton, a decrease of 15.91 per cent in corporate costs throughout the year.
Control measures have been excellent, with self-produced coal unit costs of 307 yuan per ton, a decrease of 4.91 per cent over the same year, mainly if the cost of coal materials has been reduced by the same amount as the cost of coal transportation and port combs due to, inter alia, the amortization effect of increased production of coal from home-grown commodities.
The coal industry achieved business income of $162,681 million, a decline of 14.97 per cent in the same year, and Māori, a performance that remained more certain and stable during the period of price volatility. Business income and net profit return ratios declined significantly in the fourth quarter of 2023.
The decline is due mainly to the fall in revenues from the coal trade, which was $9.256 billion in the fourth quarter of 23 years, compared to $81,459 million in the first three quarters. The company returns a net profit of 2.846 billion to its mother in the fourth quarter.
The decrease of 41.36 per cent is due mainly to the increase in the cost of self-produced coal units, particularly labour costs, yuan/tonne, which is $38.41/tonne higher than in the previous three quarters, or to the fact that personnel performance was released in the fourth quarter;
The upgrade resulted in the company's own commodity coal unit selling cost of $342.58 per ton in the fourth quarter, compared to the previous three seasons of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
This is 47.79 yuan per ton.
In the coal industry, production and consumption increased steadily in 2023, as domestic macroeconomics recovered steadily and downstream industries grew steadily, but as a result of international crude oil and natural gas.
The fall in the price of petrochemical products, among others, resulted in a “no gain” in production increase. In 2023, the company achieved a sales increase of 763,000 tons of polyacetene, an increase of 3.2 per cent in the same year, a sales price of $7145/ton and a gross gain of $781/ton; and a sales price of urea, a sales increase of 21.41 million tons, an increase of 19.5 per cent in the same year.
The coal industry recovered in the fourth quarter of 2023, rising oil prices as macroeconomic warming followed, and corporate coal industry operations may have some scope for growth.
In the coal industry, companies focus on keeping coal mines at sea at 20 million tonnes/year in 2024, with 5 million tonnes/year of growth. In the near future, an increase of 5 million tonnes is expected to be achieved by 2025.
At the same time, the reed ditch coal mine (2.4 million tons) and the rib coal mine (4 million tons) are also expected to be operational by 2025. In addition, the construction of coal power pits has been actively promoted, the construction of low-heat 2x350mw coal power generation project in Quanty Town is in the final stages, and the U.S. flag 2x660mw coal power integration project has been implemented.
With the approval and completion of investment decisions, the 100mw photovolt + storage energy project in the plain mines is about to be completed.
In 2023, companies prepared for impairment on the basis of impairment test results for construction in progress, inventory and fixed assets showing signs of impairment.
The company further reduced its financial costs by continuously optimizing its debt structure. In addition, cash flows from the company ' s production and marketing activities amounted to $35.440 billion, down 11.5 per cent from the same year in 2022.
On 24 January, the National Investment Commission proposed to study further the integration of market value management into the performance appraisals of central enterprises, and to direct the heads of central enterprises to pay more attention to market schedules of publicly held companies.
Now, there is a greater share of cash in return for investors. China’s coal energy sector, as a coal monopoly company, is expected to operate optimally and grow endogenously, while further strengthening market value management, increasing shareholder returns and better returns to investors.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: Looking back at the market, we think that the power coal price adjustment is a low-yielding normal, and that the demand for coal in 2024 is still strongly supported by the price of the Association, and that market prices are temporarily not subject to unilateral downward conditions, either as macroeconomic warming or as support for the price of coal.
All right. The stability of a high proportion of China ' s coal energy and the growth of its endogenous business continue to be of investment value, accompanied by the orderly release of coal production, further expansion of electricity and coal industry, and corporate risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainties; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
Uncertainty in the policies of the coal-related industries; accidents in the safe production of coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, University of Mines, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economic Society, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Select Committee on Coal Prices, formerly Chinese coal
Under the leadership of the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the Carbon Industry Association, research and advisory services in coal and energy-related fields have been conducted for more than a decade. Over the past ten years, he has conducted research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a researcher in large energy panels such as coal, electricity and natural gas.
Minister, who has worked for years in the first line of coal production, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity marketing
Reform, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector. Xinxuan, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research, Li Dung, University of Southern California, January 2023, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research, Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research in the natural gas and electricity sectors. Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.