Peace Bank (00001): high interest margin, narrow, private sector business development event: August 23, 2023 semi-annual report published by Peace Bank, 1h23 received, pre-positioned profit
The Bank of Peace has been making a full transition to retail banking since 2016, building smart retail banks, pushing hard on the banks of fine companies. The rate of growth is as expected, and net profits are growing steadily.
Integrated finance is a unique advantage of companies, which depend on it, with a fall in revenue. 1h23 Peace Bank, with $886.1 billion, compared to 3.7%, is growing rapidly, with a large base of individual clients, strong brand influence, and a wide range.
1.3 pct down from 1023.1 Net interest income: net gain of 2.2 per cent for the first half of the year due to slower growth in q2 size, net interest differential distribution networks and well-developed integrated financial product systems, which are more narrow and non-subsidized for the overall ring comparison.
The promotion of retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks provides a ratio of interest earnings to 5 per cent (5.5 pct down from 1q23).
Other non-interest rates have declined. The recovery in q2 was slower, owing to weaker capital market performance. The process was lower in the first half of the year. Among these, higher rates of growth in agent and commission fees were achieved, with lower gains and losses on exchange. At the end of the expenditure: lower credit costs and smooth growth in counter-bullying profits.
Loans have slowed down overall and mortgage lending has been relatively high. Since the second quarter, demand for real-economy financing has continued to fall, and the industry has generally slowed down. At the end of June, the balance of the Bank of Peace loan increased by $71 billion by the same amount.
In the second quarter, the lending performance reflects the current reality of the bank's assets, the lack of access to credit, and, in the case of individual loans, the increase in the number of mortgages, mortgages and mortgages, respectively, in 2023.
77.100 billion: 7.75 billion additional loans (mainly personalized loans, small consumer loans, etc.) were added. On the one hand, the demand for retail credit recovered slowly, as reflected in the current weak income expectations of the population; on the other hand, consumer-type loans remained in place as some individual clients ' repayment capacity was gradually recovering.
During the adverse exposure phase, the company raised the client and credit threshold and relatively increased the rate of deposit in mortgage-type loans slowed down, and the structure of the company and individual deposits was divided. At the end of June, the balance of the safe bank deposits was equal to +4.3% (6 pct down from the end of March). The balance of the 2q23 deposit was reduced by 87.7 billion.
Period +65.93 billion, as reflected in current pessimistic market expectations, where individual saving needs remain high, with individuals tianxy@dxzq.net.cn 1 asset end: the rate of return on one loan has decreased considerably, dragging interest-bearing assets down.q2 interest-bearing assets
Rate of return ring 14bp. Of which, the rate of return on all loans, the rate of return on one loan, the rate of return on corporate loans ring 27bp, -31bp, and -15bp, respectively. The sharper drop in the rate of return on one loan is a major drag. In addition to the impact of the market situation, there are positive adjustment factors.
Tightening risk policies, controlling high-yield lending, credit card lending, increasing the lending of licensed mortgages, balancing risks and returns. 2 End-of-debt: deposit cost improvements are lagging, active liability costs are rising, interest-bearing liability rates are slightly higher. q2 interest-bearing debt ratio ring +2bp, with deposits
Rates of interest - 1 bp, bond issuances + 4 bp, joint ventures + 11 bp. Although the interest rate on deposit is adjusted downwards in the second quarter, it still takes time to re-pricing and the cost of savings improves relatively late. Taking into account the situation of a company that looks ahead and proactively reduces risk preferences, it will continue to reduce asset yields,2
The end of the debt was accompanied by a downward adjustment in the price of the deposit, with cost improvements becoming apparent, with a projected decline in the net interest differentials of the company in the second half of the year.
At the end of June, the balance of bad bank loans was $35.34 billion, a decrease of $700 million; the negative loan rate was 2 bp to 1.03%. The focus was more stringent. The rate of non-performing loans was 1.70%, equal to the same rate, and the negative output was more stable.
In terms of the quality of loan assets, by breakdown.1 The public loan non-performing ratio was slightly higher by 3bp to 0.54%. Of this, the non-performing public real estate loan ratio fell by 21bp to 1.01%.
Among them, mortgages and mortgage mortgages have a flat ratio of 0.32% and assets have a more stable quality. New loans, car finance loans, and other poor lending rates q2 have increased the level of bad treatment and have also benefited from companies that have raised access thresholds earlier.
We note that in the first half of the year, companies increased their contribution to the retail sector by 25.43 billion dollars, an increase of 28 per cent over the previous year, and we judge that companies, out of prudence, have increased their risk cushions.
The number of customers in the private sector, the aum, is growing rapidly, and the income of agents in the new wealth team is growing brightly. The management of the bank's wealth is growing steadily, with $4.175 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 13.2 per cent compared to the 13.2 per cent in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 2.6 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with wealth and private sector clients accounting for 13.52 million households and 8.65 million respectively, an increase of 5.5 per cent and 7.5 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, which is higher than that of basic retail customers.
trillion, or 16.3 per cent more than at the beginning of the year.3 The new wealth team is over 2,000 people in the workforce, with 1h23 surrogate individuals, insurance income of 2,207 million, an increase of 107.2 per cent over the same period; the new wealth team is expected to become a wealth management business; investment proposal: we expect a smooth growth in corporate size in the second half of the year, with lower retail risks, with a lower profile of retail operations.
In the case of wealth management operations, product-making, crowd-management capabilities, and team experience are expected to maintain a higher rate of growth, supporting growth in non-interest income. The quality of assets is robust, well-positioned, and profits are expected to be released smoothly in the second half of the year, with sustainable support for real-economy claims.
0.52 times 23 years pb, maintaining a `highly recommended' rating. Figure 3: 1q23, 1h23 performance split by Peace Bank, Figure 4: Loans by Peace Bank at the end of June, deposits per year + 6.6%, +4.3%
Figure 5: Peace Bank 1h23 net interest difference of 2.55 per cent, down 8bp from 1q23.
Figure 7: An increase of 1.1 pct to 291.5 per cent in the rate of coverage at the end of June for the Bank of Peace: Table 1: Indicators related to the management of the wealth of the Bank of Peace.
Peace Bank (000001): High interest differentials, private business growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Peace and Security Bank (000001): high interest differentials, private sector business growth, Lin Xiao, Master of Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, scores in gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.