Increased fees, reduced capital pressure, 14.9% increase in profits and lower capital pressure in the Bank of Peace.
Point, core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.95 per cent, an increase of 42bp over the same period. Profit growth pressure comes mainly from the receiving end, with contributions still coming mainly from the provisioning.
In a weak external environment, the quality of assets is still relatively stable. We see industry as a whole, with companies still active, following changes in corporate strategy and pushing for public and retail transformation.
The company is currently valued at 2023epb0.53x. Keeping ratings on the company increases.
Main contributions. Continued faster growth leads to higher profitability, roe 12.65%, with a sharper reduction in the net difference of 2 quarters compared to Piti, a larger spread in the credit balance or still the main cause of the fall of 2 quarters, a credit spread pressure or still the main cause, demand pressure and risk bias
This decline has led to a sharp decline in interest rates on loans, and the pressure on deposits has been highlighted by the regularization of retail sales and the suppression of public periodicals. In relative to the first quarter, pressure on the public business market has increased significantly, with a downfall on the public deposit margin of 11bp. Corporate retail lending risks have continued to decline, lending pricing has continued to decline significantly, and regularity has been reduced.
The total market value (RMB million) is under pressure, and the cost of retail deposits is slightly higher.
The revenue from fees has been positive, with investment-type income falling by a narrow margin. China’s Safeguard (Group) Limited, Inc., has made a significant contribution to public settlements.
The negative indicators are stable, the write-off has increased, and retail sales have declined slightly. The percentage of overdue loans is 1.71%, the ring is lower than at the end of the previous year. Under external environmental pressure, the negative generation remains the same.
Bank: Shareholding Bankii
In mid-2023, the net return profit of the Bank was 14.9% higher than in the same year, and net interest income was 2.2% lower than in the same year, while profit growth was 14.9% higher than in the same year.
The Division’s profitability has been increasing, with roe 12.65%, a 0.45 percentage point increase over the same year, core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.95%, and pressure for regularization with Piti. Two quarters of fees show positive and equal growth of 4.5%, agents and settlements both positive and in a weak external environment, and asset quality remains relatively stable. We are concerned about changes in corporate strategy, continuing progress in public and retail transformation.
2023epb0.53x, take note of the increase in profitability and the easing of capital pressure
Interest-bearing assets, loan sizes, loan sizes, and interest-bearing assets continued to slow down for a quarter of the year, with faster transactional growth. At the end of the period, loans grew by 6.6 per cent over the year, public (non-paper) and retail loans by 8.7 per cent for the year, 6.7 per cent for the year and 4.3 per cent for the year.
Public credit (without notes) grew faster than retail in the second quarter. By the published quarterly average balance, interest-bearing asset rings increased by 0.3 per cent in the second quarter; loan rings grew by 2.0 per cent, an increase of 0.2 percentage points compared to the previous quarter; bond investment rings grew by 2.7 per cent compared to the next quarter; loan lending grew faster than retail loans.
Quarterly loan and mortgage loans increased by 3.6% and 1.7%, respectively, and vehicle loans and credit card loans fell by 1.0% and 1.4% respectively The new loan line was adjusted to go down with the size of individual business loans and small consumer loans.
Growth of 7.1 per cent, or 0.8 percentage points higher than at the end of the first quarter. Deposits grew at a rate of 4.5 per cent, or 5.9 percentage points lower than at the end of the first quarter. Debts fell considerably in terms of net interest spreads in the three or two quarters, with the spreads in deposits or still being the main cause of interest-bearing asset gains, higher cost of interest-bearing liabilities, pressure on loan spreads or still the main cause.
At the end of the loan, the risk of retail lending has continued to decline, the rate of return has continued to decline, the return on public loans has declined, deposits have been reduced, retail deposits have been made, larceny costs have been under pressure for periodicization, costs have risen, and the cost of public deposits as a whole has fallen, but prices have remained high.
Business pressure has increased significantly, down to 11bp on public deposit spreads, and the size of company-to-public deposits has declined. Corporate retail lending risks have continued to decline, lending pricing has continued to decline significantly, and pressure on deposits to become regularized has been highlighted. Overall, corporate lending and deposit costs have dropped by 1bp, with greater cost pressure on asset ends. On the one hand, retail deposit costs have risen and regularization pressure has been maintained.
Further, the average published balance of two quarters of retail term deposits was 77.7 per cent compared to retail deposits, an increase of 2.74 percentage points over the previous quarter, zero sales deposit costs of 2.33 per cent, and an increase of 5 bp over the previous quarter. On the other hand, the overall cost of public deposits fell, with 2.12 per cent of public deposit payments and a decline of 4 bp over the two quarters.
4. The revenue from fees has been positive on a year-on-year basis, with investment income having decreased by a narrow margin, and the share of transactional assets having increased by 1.9 per cent in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, and negative on a four-quarter negative quarterly increase in fee income, with an increase of 4.5 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter, and an increase of 7.9 per cent in income from year-on-year public settlement income, mainly due to growth in public settlement income, while bank cards and hosting transaction charges have decreased on a year-on-year basis.
Other non-interest income decreased by 19.3% the same year in the first half of the year, a decrease that was slower than in the first quarter; and 15.7% in the second quarter in the first quarter of the same year, a marked improvement in revenue compared to last four quarters and the first quarter of the year, which is expected to be mainly related to business such as paper, foreign exchange, etc. Trading-type assets are still at a higher level of undesirable generation than total assets are under external environmental pressure.
A single-season negative production rate of 1.88 per cent was 60 bp. The corporate write-off of loans in the first half of the year increased by 32.49 billion yuan, or 10.5 per cent over the same period, and the split shows a slight decline in retail underperformance. Retail underperformance was 1.35 per cent, a decline of 6 bp from the previous quarter, of which the negative rates of mortgages and credit cards rose, with a slightly higher credit card pressure of 2.88 per cent, an increase of 7 bp over the previous quarter, and other negative rates.
On the public side, the negative rate was 0.64%, with the quarterly round rise of 3bp, in which the construction industry rebounded in bad rates and wholesale retailing increased. Companies continued to crush real-estate loans, with medium-term real-estate loans at 8.0%, a decrease of 1.2 percentage points.
7.3 per cent of the profit-resort is derived mainly from the non-lending component, which provides for a continuous contribution. Credit costs are 1.63 per cent lower than the previous year by 27bp, assets are impaired by stock provision is maintained at a flat level, with Saviour Bank's 1h23 allowance coverage of 291.51 per cent, an increase of 1.11 percentage points over the quarter. Loans are reduced by 0.05 percentage points to 3.00 per cent.