Company review report  Banking, August 24, 2023.
The Peace Bank (000001.sz) incident company issued its semi-annual report for 2023.
The growth of public loans has been positive, with Nim continuing to press on 2023h1, public 21bp, under the retail restructuring, and individual loans having a significant impact on pricing. As of the end of June, total corporate loans stood at 3.44 trillion yuan, an increase of 3.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; of this, general corporate loans and retail loans were 7.14 per cent and 7.14 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year.
0.9%: Housing mortgage loans account for only 34% of retail loans. This represents a modest increase of 1.92% from the beginning of the year.
The cost rate was 2.20 per cent, an increase of 15 bp over the same year, mainly due to the impact of higher interest rates on foreign currency markets, which resulted in a decrease in the average cost of people’s currency deposits by 12 bp over the same year.
The net revenue from company fees and commissions was $16,374 million, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period, with agency and commission fees increasing by 15.6 per cent over the same period, mainly from the contribution of insurance substitutes. As of the end of June, the Department of Public Administration retailed aum and private sector aum 386 and 1.89 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.7 per cent and higher than at the beginning of the year.
The quality of the assets was stable and the poor rate of individual loans had risen to 1.03 per cent by the end of June, a decrease of 0.02 percentage points from the beginning of the year; among these, poor corporate and personal loans recommended that companies rely on China for safety, ecological synergies among beneficiary groups and a strong overall financial advantage;
In keeping with the strategy of “Technology leadership, retail breakthroughs, public mastery”, the three business cards “Digital banks, eco-banks, platform banks”, the continuous upgrading of retail, public and financial associations, the deepening of full digitalization, the reshaping of assets and liabilities, and the overall quality of operations
The table shows a robust growth in public loans, an excellent retail structure, and a wide range of consumer credit needs;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.