China's aluminium industry (60160.sh) won/share.
2. Our analysis and judgment (i) Aluminium Oxide price drags down plate performance
During the reporting period, the company earned $43.9 billion in operating income from aluminium oxide plates, a decrease of $251 million compared to the same period the previous year; pre-tax profits of $845 million, a decrease of $2,715 million compared to the same period the previous year.
The price of $2696/t is 9.9% lower than in the same year, or because of the increase in aluminium oxide production, which can accumulate and add up to lower downstream demand due to the decline in the production of electrolytic aluminium. As a result, we believe that the profit of the aluminium oxide plate is poor, mainly because of the fall in the price of aluminium oxide.
(ii) The profits of the original aluminium, trade and energy plates have all increased, but the overall profits have fallen.
However, thanks to the decline in the price of aluminium oxide from raw materials and the cost of electricity, the company pre-tax profits from the original aluminium plate increased by 1,555 million yuan, or 687 million yuan, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The pre-tax profits also increased from $27 million to $376 million in the same period last year. The company as a whole, however, suffered a fall in profits due to lower prices for aluminium oxide than for other plates.
(iii) Project progress is on track and production layout is continuously optimized. In the case of the company project, projects such as the Bofa bauxite mine in Guinea (12 million tonnes/year) and the Aluminium Oxyide in Anti-City Port (2 million tonnes) are well under way.
On the layout, the public administration upgrades or shuts down less profitable businesses, and turns the output indexes around.
The company is the leader of the aluminium industry, with its own power and mine making it more competitive. And the company is actively following the market changes.
A complete production layout to ensure the smooth running of the production project and its consolidation. However, at present, the industry stock is high and, as of 27 March, 1.73 million tons of aluminum bauxite were in stock. The supply side of the folded aluminium oxide has been hit by a drop in prices and the cost of the enterprise and the price of the product is low 2.
3) The project has not advanced as expected.