• Strategic clarity, long-term growth path and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
At the end of the period, and from a long-term perspective, the company has shown excellent growth. Considering the company's continued level of parity, considering the company's role as the leader of the national office, it maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Kimsan wps is a text-processing software in paragraph 1, which used to be 90% in the country's city. With Microsoft's document-reading agreement in 1994, wps became marginalized. In order to capture the development of mobility, cloudization, and intelligence, companies took the lead in introducing mobile pages to the mobile office market in 2011, followed by wps+ clouds.
In December 2020, the company held a launch of a new product, using "Collaborative" as its main new strategic direction, and will invest one third of its research and development capacity in a collaborative strategy.
The number of collaborating teams will increase tenfold, and new collaboration products, including “Golden Hill Tables, Gold Hills Conference, Golden Hill Calendar, Golden Hill To-do and flexpaper” #5 are expected to open a wider market for small and medium b. • How to compete: Microsoft wins in ecology, wps is close to users
The different development processes of Microsoft and the Golden Hill Office have led to different product orientation and development strategies: Microsoft has been improving the product ecology through acquisition and self-research since the successful release of the office package. The Golden Hill Office has gradually moved from a single office application to an Internet office cloud service, and has been working along user-friendly solutions.
In a painful way, differential competition with Microsoft in the form of core functions plus enrichment of value-added services. Industry Weekly – Weekly Perspective: Where is the bottom layout of the high-profile road: a short- and medium-term view of the 2c/2g market, and a longer-term view of the wider b-end market with overseas markets
In the short and medium term, the point is to increase the experience to increase user size and fee rates and to take advantage of national production opportunities.
From a perspective, domestic b-side office software is still in the blue sea market, with great potential for development. At the same time, companies have come forward, looking forward to the growth of industrial software.
Corporate 3 Quarterly Review - Performance Over Expectations, Wpsvsmsoffice’s 30-year rush: brilliant, lost, catch-up and counter 1.1, brilliant: text processing software in paragraph 1, with a 90% city share at one time
Wps is a text-processing software in paragraph 1 that quickly captures the market after being released. Dos’ early Chinese system is not perfect, foreign editing software is designed for English characters, and Chinese is not well-suited. In 1988, Euphor developed wps1.0, which opened the prelude to the Chinese layout and the Chinese office. wps1.0 brings a well-developed Han.
The word system, the font library, and the Chinese editor layout software, covering the entire Chinese environment, filled the void of Chinese text processing, quickly took over a large number of markets, reaching 90 per cent of the share of wps in the domestic market as of 1995.
In the early 1990s, as the only text-processing software on the market, wps did not experience intense competition, so the glorified wps did not realize the importance of “what they see and what they get,” and competitions, such as the turnover in 1993, were slow, giving them nearly three years of competitive windowtime, giving them the advantage of Microsoft Office.
The basic conditions were established. Figure 2: Rising municipal coverage of Excel starting in the early 1990s (by sales figure 3: rising municipal coverage of Word starting in the early 1990s (by sales)
In 1994, wps entered into an agreement with Microsoft for the reading of documents, which provided that the two were compatible, that the two parties had read each other's documents in their own software's middle rtf format, and that most users were gradually becoming accustomed to doing so, as well as Microsoft's connivance with the pirated market, and that wps users were quickly lost and severely damaged.
Figure 4: Changing competition between wps and msoffice in the Chinese market 1.3, catching up: promoting user accumulation in a “compatibility plus free” model, gradually taking back the market thanks to the support of the Government's software-reform policy and the Ministry of Science and Technology's 863 plan, wps fast-growing in the government market
In 2000, the State Council issued the Circular on the Issuance of Policies to Encourage the Development of the Software Industry and the Integrated Circuit Industry (NDA No. [2000] 18), which marked the Government’s consensus at the level of encouragement for the development of nationally produced software. In 2002, the State Council Information Office worked with nine ministries to advance the software industry.
In addition, the Ministry of Science and Technology has officially approved the implementation of the 863 plan software software for major dedicated desk packages in the information technology area. Research and development tasks are focused on funding for research and development, and an expert group has been sent to guide the new generation of wps in Kinsan.
By the end of 2001, the Chinese government had made the first large-scale purchase of the original software, and, after six months of selection, the wps office had been favoured by the government through the adoption of the latest official template for state agencies.
At the end of 2004, the State launched the use of positive software at all levels of government, and provincial government software government procurement was initiated. According to the Ministry of Information Industry software and the Integrated Circuit Promotion Centre (csip), in 2004 government procurement was almost complete in 2005
The provincial government ' s purchase orders, in which the provinces and cities of Guangdong, Zhejiang and Yunnan were awarded a full-scale bid, and wps office 2005 (Government version) had a market share of 56.12 per cent in the purchase of office software. Since then, wpsoffice has become a standard office platform for the 57 departments of the State Council and for the 31 provincial and municipal offices of the country.
Year after year, wps began to adjust and reflect; in 2002, wps set a "catch up before go" approach, reworked wps and set three goals for this purpose, called "three compatible": first, people who used to use Microsoft Offices can use wps without training; and second, documents made by Microsoft Offices can interact well with wps;
The third is that business systems can interact with office software. In 2005, wpsoffice 2005 achieved “deep compatibility” with Microsoft Offices already used by users and started offering them free of charge to individuals. Wpsends pc end gradually returned to the market.
As of December 31, 2005, wpsoffice's personal editions had reached 38 million downloads. 1.4. Counteracting back: seizing mobile, cloudy, collaborative office opportunities and gradually returning to market center.
1.4.1. Mobileization: wps have taken the lead on the mobile global office market, pc markets are low, smartphones are booming and multi-end collaborative office demand is generated. The global pc market, after nearly 20 years of high growth, started to slow down in 2008.
With the high speed of connectivity and a surge in smartphone sales, which surpassed pc for the first time in 2011, smartphones became an important public collaboration terminal. Wps took the lead on the mobile version of the global office market. Wps took the lead in 2011.
Andre's mobile version, which matches the lightly quantified office needs of mobile end users, was widely well received; the ios product was developed in 2012 to achieve full development and diffusion of multi-platform product lines. Microsoft mobile end product is lagging behind, with mobile version software only released in 2014 and a version of allinone only in early 2020, with a more homogeneous function.
Figure 9: Wps downloads from Andre end office software 1.4.2. Cloudization: Microsoft office clouds are gradually clouding, wps clouds are expanding rapidly. Microsoft office clouds are clouding in a gradual manner, broadly divided into three phases: (1) online service
The first edition of office 365 was officially released in June 2011, initially for small and medium-sized enterprises and educational institutions, to move former business clients from businessproductionlinesubite online to office 365, with the first edition of office 365 in addition to the office 2010, which provides the basis for users
In addition to the package, it includes exchange (e-mail), sharepoint (internal social networking) and lync (now skypeforbusiness) (communication conference). (2) Outreach services are expanded, the versions of the authorization are diluted and rapidly clouded.
People ' s subscription plans expand the range of services, maintain a fast cloud strategy and increase their outreach. In 2012, Microsoft launched a roll-out of office 365: Office2010 or Macoffice2011 users purchased, installed and activated between 19 October 2012 and 30 April 2013 are free of charge.
Upgrades to Microsoft's latest generation of office software. Users can choose a one-year subscription to the office 365 home edition or an office 2013 home student version. After Microsoft announced the cloud transition, the office released three versions and cloud service mode 365 became available.
Highlights. Out of these three versions, the office 2013 was released simultaneously with the corresponding office 365, starting with the office 2016 version, and starting with Microsoft's "Move Priority, Cloud Priority" strategy, the new version of office 365 was released slightly earlier than the corresponding authorization version, and by contrasting the advantages and advantages of the office 365 subscriptions on a continuous basis.
(3) The delegation of authority is gradually withdrawing and entering the cloud age. According to Microsoft Web, beginning in 2019, office 365 has been providing monthly security and functionality updates and a richer subscription version to meet client needs. The version will no longer provide functionality updates, and will reduce the lead support time from the last 10 years to 5 years, with outreach support shrinking.
On April 21, 2020, Microsoft announced the official upgrade of office 365 to microsoft as a Microsoft productivity platform.
The overall income has barely increased, but the cloud ratio has risen rapidly, reaching over 50 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2017 for office 365. For fiscal year 2017-2020, the officearpu business has recovered and the cloud ratio has increased further as the number of office subscriptions has gradually increased and the enterprise version e3/e5 has been rising.
The cloudy layout of wps began in 2009 and cloud services are being enhanced. In 2009, the company launched its first cloud storage product, moving the company ' s products towards cloud services; since 2010, the company has gradually highlighted the unique features of wps cloud office services, starting with web-based office materials such as the development of online templates; and the 2015 launch of wps+ clouds in Golden Hill.
In 2019, the company released a boxing file for the "Cloud Public" layout, with 239 million active users as of March 2020, making it the largest online user in the country.
In 2018, the company launched a strategy for four products: "Multiscreens, clouds, ai and content", which has now yielded very good results. Under the multiscreen strategy, wps have accumulated 19.804 billion downloads in the most mainstream Andre application market; and under the cloud-closing strategy, the number of documents on the wps cloud has increased from 9.8 million to 82 billion, saving documents for users.
The amount of data has increased from 9.7 pb to 103 pb: more than 72 million office resources are currently available in wps and the riceshell platform around the office content strategy; around the one strategy, nearly 200 engineers from the Kimshan office have been invested in the direction of the one and have landed more than 18 ai applications and won five international ai technology prizes.
Companies ' subscription revenue grew at a high rate of over 40 per cent of total revenue. Since the company ' s transition from the provision of tools to the application service, income from office service subscriptions has increased rapidly as the number of client payers has continued to grow, accounting for over 40 per cent of total income and over 40 per cent of income from office authorization and subscription services
1.4.3. Collaboration: “Collaborative” has become a new core product strategy for wps.
The collaborative service modules are: sharepointteamservices (2001), msoffice company (2005), lync (2010), skypeforbusiness (2014), microsofteams (2017).
In November of the year, 20 million people were hit by the epidemic. In March 2020, Microsoft announced that 44 million users had been active since the month.
“Collaborative” has always been an important concept in the layout of wps products and services. In 2016, the company officially released a collaborative office service - wps cloud collaboration - that completely subverts the inefficient collaboration model of the former “local editor sending to others receiving changes to send to local editor” for document creation, editing, collaboration, sharing and sharing.
In 2020, the office officially announced the creation of a new corporate product strategy, “Collaborative”, in addition to the four product strategies, “Multiscreens, Clouds, Ai and Content”.
The collaboration strategy will be key to breaking down tens of millions of middle- and small-scale micro-enterprises outside the traditional corporate head market. The office will invest one-third of its research and development capacity in the collaboration strategy, and the number of team collaborations will increase tenfold, and will be published, including “Kimsan Tables, Kimshan Conferences, Kimshan Calendar, Kim Mountain To-do and flexpaper.”
5 brand new collaborative products. 2 and how to compete: Microsoft wins the ecology, wps are closer to the user's msoffice than wps, leading to a very different product orientation and development.
Overall, Microsoft ecosystems are more comprehensive, and Kimsan wps is closer to user needs. msoffice has a strong office ecosystem. Microsoft has maintained market leadership since the success of the office package of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and has the potential to compete in the area of business collaboration.
In many cases, rivals are directly integrated into the office suite system by means of acquisitions, such as sharepoint, skype, Viio, etc., and in some cases, unincorporated products, such as microsofteams, introduced by slack, are constantly enriched by products and component additions that make the Microsoft office a complete office ecosystem.
After many years of updating of the package, it has evolved into a core function of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Otilook (e-mail), onenote (electronic notes), Sharepoint (shared collaborative website), onedrive (crowd storage), microsofteams (teamwork centre), supported by sway (web interactive scripts),
microsofflow (workstream automation), microsofpowerbi (business intelligence), etc., thus integrating a very complete office ecosystem. wps focus on user demand.
Needs, using core functions (text processing, spreadsheets, presentations, pdf) + value-added services to compete differently with Microsoft. At present, the office in Kimshan has shifted from a single office application to an Internet office cloud service, with voice comments, document restoration, ai school, and close to the user, addressing pain points.
Common components such as photo processing, document processing, pdf toolkits are widely welcomed by users, and the demand for different users/scenarios has resulted in the development of a series of tool components: wps for student users.
Thesis examines the functions of weighting/reduced/rolling, résumé assistant, ID photo, etc.; for team collaboration scenes, wps introduced the functions of golden mountain forms, gold mountain files, gold mountain calendars, gold mountain conferences, document collection, etc.
The company ' s rice shell officials network is one of the country ' s professional documentation platforms that provides big cloud templates, a service platform for office templates and materials that have been provided by the company in recent years in response to user needs. At the same time, the company provides exclusive design services to users, and customers simply need to present their needs to designers, and they get customized personalized templates for one.
There are now over 100 partners in the riceshell platform, 4,000+ independent designers, who provide more than 73 million content to users, at a speed of more than 3 million + per month, and where to: 2c/2g market in the short and medium term, and a wider b end market in the longer term.
End-to-end penetration in the field and overseas markets continues to rise, and national production offers excellent opportunities for political and business market expansion 3.1.1 end-to-end client penetration is low and there is more room for the future
The number of users is expected to increase continuously, and user fees are expected to increase considerably. (1) The number of users continues to grow considerably. As of 30 September 2020, the number of monthly active users of the company ' s main product (mau) was 457 million, an increase of 19.63 per cent compared to the figure of 19.63 per cent. Of this, the monthly active user of wpsofficepc was 176 million, an increase of 23.08 per cent compared to the figure of 23.08 per cent;
Mobile editions have grown by 19.13 per cent over the same year by 274 million monthly active users; the number of other products of the company, such as the Golden Mountain Phrase, has grown by almost 10 million monthly. (2) The number of user fees has remained strong. As of the end of June 2020, cumulative years have continued to lead the way in other national-owned office software.
As the mobile Internet industry is built on, cloud office penetration, changes in previous office habits, and users use collaborative offices more often than not, the members are expected to grow. Client arup values are expected to continue to rise. On the one hand, companies will take a certain discount on their products during the roll-out period.
3.1.2 In 2012, the company responded to clients ' calls for the security of basic software and issued a secure and reliable publication based on the fact that the company has an advantage in the party office market and is widely used in a number of important areas, such as finance, energy, aviation, etc.
Wpsoffice products for the Linux platform. Several years later, the wpsofficelinux version has been backed up with cpu with dragon cores, fly-towers, shin-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee-wee.
At present, 62 Wps have been used by all 65 State Council organizations, covering 95 per cent; 33 out of 34 provincial governments, covering 97 per cent; and all local and municipal wps in China have been fully covered.
Of the country’s 97 companies, 90 are Wps clients, or 93%; commercial banks cover 133 out of 153 households, or 87%.
On the one hand, the office has accelerated the layout of uof, ofd, and so on. On the other hand, the office has organized two consecutive sessions of its operations.
The Conference of Public Applications Developers brought together nearly 200 mainstream ecological partners, including integratedrs, oa manufacturers, technology service providers and electronic visas, browsers, operating systems, safety manufacturers, communications manufacturers, etc., to continue to build well-developed office ecosystems.
Figure 26: Kim Shan Office is committed to setting up “standards” and “ecology” in the Chinese market. 3.2. Medium and small b. potential to be exploited. Foreign markets open a wider space. 3.2.1. Domestic b Office software is still in the blue sea market and has great potential for development
According to data from the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, the number of domestic enterprises increased from 54.947 million in 2012 to 11.2 million in 2018, with a composite growth rate of 12.3 per cent over the period.
More than 80% of Microsoft office revenue comes from the business market. In terms of Microsoft income structure, Microsoft ' s revenue from office products and services in fiscal year 2020 was $35.3 billion, or 86% of the office ' s, as disclosed in the Microsoft Financial Statement.
About 78% of business end users are small businesses. By comparison with Microsoft, the share of wps from the real b end market is still very low, and the Chinese b end market is an open potential market.
Figure 29: Small and medium-sized enterprises account for the majority of users of office365 enterprises (Note: Microsoft did not publish the number of business users for the 14/15/20 fiscal year, using a performance conference to increase the incidence of the epidemic as a catalyst for accelerated co-location.
The process of market education has been accelerated by joining the team of co-workers. The online editing of office software by many people, such as the gold mountain file, the troupe file, the graphite file, etc., is gradually being introduced by business users, and an increase in future functional demand is expected to drive an increase in the firm’s willingness to pay.
Figure 30: The demand for post-epidemiological efficiency office software surged in figure 31: After the epidemic stabilizes, the gold mountain files remain at a high retention rate, wps plus cloud office, a corporate-level collaborative office subscription service introduced by the Kimsan office for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Wps+ Cloud Office Integration, full-line products such as wpsoffice, gold mountain files, provide "up-coat services" for business offices. Wps+ Cloud Office covers the following eight items: corporate cloud storage services, online collaborative offices, enterprise learning resources for multi-ends, excellence classes, business calendar management, file and team rights control, business linkages
People, industry light business systems, online voice videoconferencing. We believe that with the introduction of new functions that match the needs of more end-of-business users and the increased willingness of small and medium-sized enterprises to pay, corporate b-business is expected to reach a high level of wps in 46 languages worldwide, successfully covering 220 countries and territories around the world, with an active month in overseas markets.
The company will work to bring to the international market the product patterns and business models that China has developed with great competitiveness and commercial penetration; in addition, in traditional Western advanced markets, unique product patterns such as mac-version wps are used.
Overseas operations continue to expand their channels of cooperation from South-East Asia and Europe to Russia, North America, South America, and Africa. Wps overseas markets are still accumulating in the first phase of cloudization, and companies have pre-packaged companies with major domestic mobile operators such as Mi, Huai, Opo, and Vivo.
It is hoped that overseas markets will be opened quickly. With the build-up of overseas market users and the start-up of the payment model, the growth of wps subscriptions is expected to generate additional dynamic energy. Figure 32: wps is ranked first in the global googleplay, macos office application market
During the epidemic, wps helped countries to combat the new crown epidemic by providing office software products for relevant government departments, educational institutions, etc. in Thailand, Indonesia, and Malaysia, to help governments address office problems during the epidemic.
4. Profit forecasting and investment recommendations (1) Subscriptions: C-end subscriptions are currently less permeable and are expected to continue to increase at a high rate in the coming years 180 per cent, 40 per cent, and 30 per cent, respectively, of authorized office software products; and, at the same time, large business clients versus wps
In the short and medium term, end-of-end penetration rates are rising, and national production offers an excellent opportunity for political and business market expansion; in the long run, the potential of mid-to-lateb remains to be exploited, and overseas markets open a wider space. Considering that companies will continue to add the Division as the leader of national production, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
(1) Business is at risk from the new crown epidemic throughout the year. In the second half of the year, the epidemic remains an uncertain factor, which, if repeated, still has an impact on the company’s operations and consequently on the achievement of the year’s performance targets. (2) The risk of technological change.
Loss of the leading position of existing technologies and markets.