Luxshare (002475 CH)
Stronger outlook in Apple upgrade cycle and
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB75.55
We raise TP to RMB75.55 (25% upside) to reflect our more positive view on
(Previous TP
RMB59.50)
iPhone 17/ foldable cycle, stronger synergy from Leoni/ODM integration, and AI
Up/Downside
24.8%
server component pipeline (connectivity/thermal/power). We raise FY25-27E
Current Price
RMB60.54
EPS by 0-19% to reflect FY25 guidance, enhanced synergy and better margin.
We expect Luxshare to deliver 27% earnings CAGR over 2025-27E, driven by
9%/54%/47% FY25-27E revenue CAGR from consumer electronics/automotive/
China Technology
communication segments. Trading at 25x/20x FY25/26E P/E after recent
Alex NG
pullback, valuation is attractive in our view. Upcoming catalysts include iPhone
17 shipment, auto client wins, and Al server component ramp-up.
Beneficiary of Apple multi-product upgrade cycle. With a full coverage
Hanging LI
of Apple's products (iPhone/Watch/AirPods/Mac/VisionPro), we believe
Luxshare is well-positioned to benefit from strong execution and market
share gains from Apple's new product cycle in iPhone 17/foldable/20th
Stock Data
anniversary edition and smart home/Al glasses during 2026-27E
Synergies from consolidation of Leoni and Wingtech's ODM. Mgmt.
highlighted that the integration process has exceeded expectations: 1)
original targets for Leoni (e.g. NP breakeven in 2025, GPM to reach corp.
avg.) will be achieved at least one year earlier, and 2) vertical integration
Shareholding Structure
with Wingtech ODM will enhance competitiveness and boost exposure to
non-Apple biz, particularly in PC segment targeting doubled sales over next
three years.
Share Performance
Strong Al server product pipeline. We believe Luxshare is making
progress with design wins and share gains with core AI server products
(high-speed connectivity/power/thermal). In particular, mgmt. remains
confident that CPC will become mainstream connectivity solution in near
Source: FactSet
term, and AC/DC products have achieved breakthrough with core
customers.
12-mth Price Performance
(RM
002475 CHSHSZ300 (Rebased)
Upbeat FY25E guidance on iPhone 17 and better GPM. Luxshare guided
FY25E NP growth of 24-29% YoY, mainly driven by new iPhone models and
better profitability from Leoni and Wingtech assets. 3Q25 GPM at 12.8%
(+1.1ppt YoY/0.8ppt QoQ) was a positive surprise, thanks to higher-margin
auto/communications segments and strong execution of new acquisitions.
Multiple growth engines to drive re-rating; Raise TP to RMB75.55 We
believe revenue mix shift to higher-growth, high-margin Al/auto segments
Source: FactSet
along with stronger Apple upgrade cycle will boost re-rating. We raise our
TP to RMB75.55, based on 10-year hist, avg. 25x FY26E P/E (vs prior 21x)
for Apple cycle strength and strong execution of Leoni/ODM integrations.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Earnings revision
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 3: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Valuation
Reiterate BUY with new TP of RMB 75.55 (25% upside)
We derive our new 12M TP of RMB 75.55 based on higher 25x FY26E P/E (vs prior 21x
FY26E P/E), in-line with the past 10-yr hist. fwd. P/E. We believe this is justified as Luxshare
continues to deliver strong earnings growth, market share gains and product expansion to
capture datacentre, Apple and NEV opportunities in the next 3-5 years.
Upcoming catalysts include iPhone 17 shipment, auto client wins, and Al server component
ramp-up.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates. *as of the closing price on 4 Nov.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.