The Pacific Securities Institute 1. Polyurethane is the original and the Milliton Ethylene Project continues to grow.
Tens of thousands, 17%) of the world’s highest production capacity, expanding to a range of products such as hdi,adi, polyether polyol, tpu, etc., to further enhance the profitability of the industrial chain. The petrochemical plate led the second-generation process, led by a 750,000-ton pdh device, built up the c3 and c4 industrial chains, especially the acrylic and derivatives ones.
In January, 50,000 tons of production, pmma (80,000 tons in January 2019) and other industries became new players, while the construction of the million tons of ethylene project, which was invested in a total of 16.8 billion yuan and expanded to the c2 industrial chain, was the first ethylene million in the province of Shandong to be completed in the second half of 2020 and continued to grow. The project accounted for 2400 acres of land, and its main products were 1 million tons of ethylene, 450,000 tons of ethylene, 400,000 tons of ethylene and 400,000 tons of ethylene.
Pvc, 150,000 tonnes of eco, 300,000 tonnes of po, 650,000 tonnes of sm, and 50,000 tonnes of butadiene.
Strengths (4) take full advantage of existing public utility engineering (5) to benefit from the mature global lpg trading system and ancillary facilities, the company “propane from ethylene devices” is sufficient, simple and easy to acquire, and the company's rich trade experience (6) is considered to be best suited to its own choice of ethylene cracking raw materials. Ethylene: 178 million tons (+4.5 per cent) of global production in 2018, requiring 161 million tons (+ 5.4 per cent), 90 per cent start-up rate, tight supply balance, global ethylene feedstocks
In 2018, the domestic ethylene production capacity was 2,475,000 tonnes (+1.8%), an apparent consumption of 2.07 million tonnes (+1.8%), a net import of 2.33 million tonnes, external dependence 11.2%, ethylene production capacity continued to grow with projects such as large refining, ethylene fission ethylene project with high investment and increased competition. Apropylene: 130 million tonnes (+3.6%) of global production in 2018, requiring 107 million tonnes (+4.6%) and a start rate of 82%, with a tight balance between domestic demand and supply.
With a capacity of 35.6 million tonnes, an apparent consumption of 30.35 million tonnes (+5.5%), a net import of 2.84 million tonnes, an external dependency of 8.6%, domestic self-sufficiency has been gradually met since 2020, as a result of the increased capacity of the Western Coalifiers, the Eastern Mto, and the private major refining.
The cost of ethylene raw materials is expected to increase in the future, as additional domestic and foreign production is released, and the key is the cost of ethylene raw materials. Ethylene ethylene oxide (eo): it is highly geographically significant because it is not suitable for long-distance transport because it is flammable and explosive.
73% of the work rate increased three years in a row from 2017 to 2017, with a 3 pct increase. Visible consumption of 31,68,000 tonnes (+13.5%) was achieved. Companies achieved self-sufficiency. epoxypropanes (po): 3.21 million tonnes (1.8%) of domestic production in 2018, 2.83 million tonnes (+7.8%) of production, increased to 88.3% of start-up, net import of 250,000 tonnes, 8.1% of external capacity, and 30.8 million tonnes (+7.8%) of apparent consumption.
Styrene (sm): 9.22 million tonnes (+9%) of domestic production in 2018, 8.12 million tonnes (+8.7%) of production, 88% of start-up, 2.91 million tonnes of net import, 26% of external dependence, 11.13 million tonnes (+4.2%) of apparent consumption, tight balance of supply and demand, and good profitability in 2019.
With an additional 4.9 million tons of styrene, the market has become more competitive since 2021. Basic balance. The loss of backward capacity has been accompanied by an improvement in profits over the last three years, which has driven the expansion of a new round of industrial capacity and is expected to increase competition, depending on the cost of ethylene.
Capital spending translates into profit, future growth space, low valuations, and maintenance of a "buy-in" rating. The company’s million-ton ethylene project is fully postnatal, and the profit center is expected to grow faster than expected at the macro-economic level, with high volatility in product prices, less progress on the project, 1, polyurethane, and a million-ton ethylene project continues to grow.
1.1 million-watt chemical profiles 1.2 million-ton ethylene project profile 2, million-ton ethylene project companion product competitiveness analysis
2.5 epoxypropane (po) 2.6 styrene (sm) 2.3 linear low-methyl polyethylene (lldpe) 2.7 polyvinyl chloride (pvc)
2.4 Ethylene oxide (eo) 3, million tons of ethylene project profit analysis Polyurethane (PUR), expanding the industrial chain, and China ' s chemical giants rising to the world
Founded in 1978, the company was listed in 2001, mainly in the research and development, production and marketing of polyurethane series, petrochemical series, fine chemicals and new materials series products.
1.10,000-watt chemical profiles Three business plates with clear integration advantages Polyurethane taps have a strong position: company mdi capacity
2.1 million tons, or 24 per cent of the world's total, and 400,000 tons of domestic capacity, with a strong leader. At the same time, starting with mdi, progress is being made in expanding the tdi, with a capacity of 550,000.
Tons, 17 per cent of the world's products, diadi, polyether polyols, tpu, etc., further upgrade.
The pdh device led by the construction of the c3 and c4 industrial chains, especially for acrylic and derivatives, while the construction of the million-ton ethylene project was expanded to:
C2 industrial chain, on the new steps, fine chemicals and new materials can be useful: companies have a strong R & D capacity and high value added products are on the rise
Currently, e.g., 70,000 tonnes/year pc (arrived in January 2018), 50,000 tonnes/year mma (arrived in January 2019), 80,000 tonnes/year pmma (arrival in January 2019)
1.1 million-watt chemical profiles: global layout, global market; strong research and development, cash flow, sustained investment
Corporate R & D investment is leading a chemical industry, and research and development transformation results are high, and new varieties of pc, mma, pmma, etc., become new players and break the industry's original ecology.
In 2015 - 2019q1, the company accumulated long-term asset expenditure oil, glorified petrochemicals, helium petrochemicals.
A brilliant performance, Māori rates, net interest rates, roe, cash flow indicators clear industry lead
The C2 industrial chain is expected to leap again, the Million tonnes of Ethylene Project, located in a smoke-plate industrial park, and the second phase of the project, the first ton-grade Ethylene Project in the Eastern Province, is expected to be completed in the second half of 2020. The project has invested 16.8 billion yuan, or 2400 acres of land, and its main products include 1 million tonnes of Ethylene, 450,000 tonnes of Ldpe, and 400,000 tonnes.
pvc, 150,000 tonnes eo, 300,000 tonnes Po, 650,000 tonnes sm, 50,000 tonnes of butadiene. Chart: simplified flow chart for company million tons of ethylene project 1.2 million tonnes of ethylene project overview
Project advantages and competitiveness Addressing the bottlenecks of mdi, tdi by-product hydrochloric acid: it is estimated that 1.2 million tons of by-product hydrochloric acid are produced in the park, the price of hydrochloric acid is low, the market is severely overstretched, corrosive and not easy to preserve. Markets are generally processed into PVC for external sale. This project produces ethylene, reacts with liquid chlorine, and then synthesizes pvc, which can be
Addressing excess hydrogen chloride and ensuring stable production of mdi and tdi. Addressing ethylene ethylene feedstocks: Due to the eo properties, which are active and explosive, it is not feasible to transport long distances. When this project is completed, it will address the need for eo feedstocks for corporate polyether polyols and achieve self-sufficiency.
Take full advantage of existing material advantages: use of c2 raw materials by-products of a propane dehydration device in the park, mdi, tdi ' s by-product hydrogen chloride, chlorine gas, etc. Make full use of existing public works: it is understood that the project relies heavily on existing installations, including heat power stations, desalination stations, air fractions, wharfs and handling facilities, environmental monitoring stations, etc.
Ethylene installation material propane is sufficient, convenient and easily available, and the company ' s lpg trade experience is extensive: global resources for lpg (propanes and butanes) are sufficient, trading systems and supporting facilities are mature and pricing models are mature. 13,460,000 tons of propane were imported in 2018 (4.75 million in 2014), equal to 0.7 per cent; 5.3 million tons of butane was imported, same to 8.9 per cent; 5.9 million tons of propane were imported in January-May 2019, same to 5.2 per cent; and 2.09 million tons of butane was imported, same to + 1.9 per cent.
At the same time, the company has a wealth of experience in the area of lpg trade, purchasing 3.8 million tons of lpg in 2018, of which 1.72 million tons are used for its own use, with a trade volume of 2.09 million tons.c Three propane raw materials can be stored in the company’s existing vaults.c For the choice of ethylene fission raw materials, we believe that it is best for itself.
1 Polyurethane (PUR) is the original and the million-ton ethylene project continues to grow 1.1 million watt chemical profiles 1.2 million ethylene project profiles
2. Analysis of competitiveness of products in support of the Milliton Ethylene Project 2.5 epoxypropane (po) 2.6 styrene (sm)
2.3 Linear low polyethylene (lldpe) 2.7 polyvinyl chloride (pvc) 2.4 ethylene oxide (eo)3, million tons of ethylene project profit analysis
Downstream industrial chains: ethylene is the basis for the production of various organic chemical products and fibres, rubber, plastics, and three main composites. Many chemical products can be produced, including polyethylene (60%), ethylene (13%), ethylene oxide (9%), styrene (9%), and polyvinyl chloride (5%).
Production processes: ethylene production routes are divided into three main types depending on the raw material produced, one based on petroleum sources, using the vapour fission of hydrocarbons, such as paracetola oil, to produce ethylene and acetylene; two based on coal, which acquires ethylene and acetylene through processes such as gasification, methanol synthesis and methanol-based acetylene hydrocarbons; and three based on light alkaline hydrocarbons, such as ethylene, which is made out of vapour fission.
There is essentially no trade, and the demand for ethylene is huge: because ethylene needs to be stored below 100°C, the total demand is high, but the volume of trade is low, mainly in the form of derivatives. In 2017, the production of ethylene was 1,822 tons, and the demand for ethylene was about 40 million tons, mainly in the form of the conversion of requirements for the following products, such as polyethylene, ethylene, etc.
Chart: ethylene production route Chart: ethylene downstream consumption structure
Global ethylene production increased significantly, mainly from the United States. In 2018, the world ' s new ethylene production capacity increased by 4.5% per year, with a total capacity of 178 million tons per year. After three ethylene fission units were released in 2017, five ethylene fission units were brought into production in 2018, with a combined capacity of 6.17 million tons per year, accounting for 80% of the world ' s new capacity.
Ethylene demand grew by 8.3 million tonnes/year in 2018, a 5.4 per cent increase from the same year to 161 million tonnes/year, continuing the trend of many years of growth; the rate of global ethylene installation start-up remained at a high level of around 90 per cent; and the trend of global ethylene feedstock lightening was evident.
In 2018, the share of ethylene oil in global ethylene raw materials declined by 2 pct to 51 per cent and the share of ethylene increased by 3 pct to 23 per cent. ethane is dominated by feedstock in North America and the Middle East, and quartz oil in Asia and the Pacific and Western Europe.
Figure: Global supply and demand for ethylene continues to grow. New ethylene production capacity in China continued to grow in 2018. Supply and demand remained tight. In 2018, domestic ethylene production increased to 1.45 million tonnes/year, with a total capacity of 24.75 million tonnes/year. Domestic production of ethylene is about 1 ethylene due to overhaul of multiple petrochemical units.
This represents an increase of only 1 per cent per annum; the rate of start-up has fallen to 74.4 per cent; domestic ethylene imports have risen year by year, reaching 2.33 million tons in 2018, with an import dependency of 11.2 per cent, while consumption of ethylene equivalents has continued to grow at a high rate, after having increased by 11.3 per cent in 2017, to 9.2 per cent in 2018, as a result of which domestic ethylene equivalent imports have been affected.
The U.S., China’s ethylene production capacity is steady at the top and second highest in the world.
Chart: The oil base of ethylene raw materials in China is dominated and the coal base is complemented by a clear trend towards diversification of China ' s ethylene operators. In 2005, the share of production capacity of oil and petroethylene in China was 98 per cent.
In recent years, various coal/methanol-based enterprises in China and China have been building ethylene devices with a capacity ratio of more than 30%. ethylene feedstocks in China are dominated and supported by coal.
In 2018, China produced 18.51 million tons of ethylene from oil-based vapour fission, or close to 74.8 per cent; and coal-based mto produced 5.77 million tons, or about 23.3 per cent.
There are currently no ethylene fission units in the country based on single ethylene, but there is a significant trend towards diversification of ethylene operators in some refineries by separating light-weight components such as ethylene through dry gas recovery
The larger the molecules, the longer the process, the higher the equipment is invested, the more energy is spent, the more pollution is caused. The ethylene process is the shortest, the equipment is the least invested, the raw materials are the least expensive and the contamination is the least. But ethane resources are concentrated in the United States and the Middle East, the world.
The raw materials for coal-based hydrocarbons are low, but the process is the longest, equipment is the most invested, energy is the most energy-consuming, and pollution is the most severe. Global ethylene production continued to grow in 2019, and supply constraints are expected to ease.
Global new ethylene production is projected to be 8 million tonnes/year in 2019, mainly from the United States and China (the United States will have 4 ethylene production units totalling 32.44 million tonnes/year, and China expects a new 3.78 million tonnes/year), with a total capacity of 185 million tonnes/year, compared with 3.9 per cent in comparison with 3.9 per cent in comparison. Large exports of cheap ethylene from North America have given Asia-Pacific and Western European ethylene producers an opportunity to change their raw material structure, and the global share of ethylene will continue to rise.
Chart: Major planned ethylene fission units in the United States from 2019 to 2022, China ' s ethylene production capacity will continue to grow, diversification will accelerate, investment in the ethylene fission project is high, and if it goes well, 2019 will be the year of a significant increase in domestic ethylene production, with an estimated additional 3.78 million tonnes per year, a 15 per cent increase in the same year, and total production capacity will rise to a high level.
There are currently as many as 16 ethylene ethylene projects under construction or planning in the country, with a combined capacity of 1.7 million tonnes/year, which is largely in the lead-up phase. The ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
Acrylene is an important chemical base material, mainly used in the production of products such as polypropylene (70 per cent), epoxypropane (7 per cent) and acrylate (6 per cent). Polypropylene also accounts for the largest share of global acrylic consumption, with 66 per cent in 2018, followed by epoxypropane and acrylate.
Acrylic production processes include both by-product and by-product enrichment by-product routes: catalytic fission (production of finished oil by-product acrylic), vapour fission (production of ethylene, by-product acrylic) Special production by-product routes: cto/mto/mtp, pdh, etc.
Vapour fission, catalytic fission, and propane dehydration are the three most important routes.
In 2010-2018, the rate of growth in global AC capacity and demand has remained at around 4%, the rate of start-up has remained between 81 and 83%, and the global rate of production of AC is around 4.47 million tonnes per year in 2018, an increase of 3.6% over the same period, with a combined capacity of nearly 130 million tonnes. Global demand for AC has increased by 4.6%, mainly from a large number of emerging economies such as Asia and the Pacific (leaded by China).
After years of expanding production capacity, China ' s ability to produce acrylic in 2012 surpassed that of the United States as the world ' s largest producer of acrylic, and has since maintained its trend of expansion, reaching 35.6 million tonnes/year in 2018, surpassing the size of the United States by about 15 million tonnes/year. The United States has remained the second largest, followed by Korea, Saudi Arabia, and India, with less than 10 million tonnes/year.
Domestic acrylic production has expanded and external dependence has declined 1.4 million tonnes/year in 2018, an increase of 4.1% per year in the same year, with total capacity reaching 35.6 million tonnes/year.
Despite declining external dependence, China imports a large amount of ACs and their downstream products every year. In 2018, China imported 2.84 million tons of ACs, the world’s leading ACs importer. Similar to ethylene, global trade in ACs is relatively small compared to the volume of downstream derivatives due to high transport costs.
The most significant polypropylene gap is found in downstream products of the country, with a combined import of 4.79 million tons in 2018 (3.38 million tons of the mean class and 1.51 million tons of the total).
In 2010, the domestic production route for acrylic production was largely equalized by catalytic fission and steroid oil vapour fission, which, after many years of development, was diversified in 2018, with scerebral oil vapour fission (32.3 per cent), catalytic fission (26.5 per cent), mto (17.4 per cent), pdh (13.4 per cent), mtp (6.9 per cent). The propane dehydration route has significant advantages and the raw material trading system matures.
The greatest characteristics of propane dehydration technology are high technical content, single raw materials, high product yields, simple stability of process routes, low energy consumption, safety, environmental protection. The main raw material, propane, comes from oil fields, coupled with shale gas, and is rich in resources. The propane dehydration device has high requirements for material quality (97% purity of propane, less than 100 ml/l), while the country ' s lpg is basically from refinery gas, and is divided.
The global trading system is relatively mature, although costs are influenced by international price trends. The global acrylic industry will continue to expand in 2019, with both demand and supply, and ihs predict a sustained expansion of 5.32 million tonnes per year of new acrylic production worldwide in 2019, mainly from Asia and the Pacific, especially China.
The Asia-Pacific expansion continues to diversify, while North America has only a small amount of additional production capacity for paracetylene vapor fission, and Western Europe and other regions have no additional capacity. New global supply of acrylic in 2019 is less than new demand, and it will remain tightly balanced over the next 2-3 years.
(sasol) 47,000 tonnes/year and 15,000 tonnes/year of Shin-etsu, totalling 62,000 tonnes/year of lime-cerebral oil fission devices. China ' s acrylic self-sufficiency has been gradually met since 2020: as oil prices have warmed back, the increased production capacity of coal-chemicals in the west, mto in the east, and private major refining has been boosted, domestic acrylic capacity peaked in 2019, with an additional capacity ranging from 4.48 million to 4.08 million tonnes/year, compared with +12.6 per cent in comparison, exceeding the demand increase.
The production capacity is gradually approaching the acrylic equivalent demand (42 million tonnes). Due to the low entry threshold for devices such as pdh, mto, and so on, acrylic is fully self-sufficient after 2020, if the heat invested is not reduced. 2.3 linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe)
Polyethylene is the core area of ethylene consumption, and polyethylene is the main downstream product of ethylene, accounting for 60% of consumption in 2018. So polyethylene is the core area of ethylene consumption, and it's going to be concentrated in the future.
As a very important raw material in the petrochemical industry, polyethylene (pe) is one of five synthetic resins, the most productive and imported in synthetic resins in the country today. Polyethylene can be formed by crowding out, injections, plastics, blow-ups and smelting, and is widely used in industry, agriculture, packaging and day-to-day industry, where film (52%) is its largest user, while plastics (13%), medium and empty containers (12%) and tubes (11%) all have a larger share.
Polyethylene is predominantly divided into linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe, 40%), low-density polyethylene (ldpe, 20%), high-density polyethylene (hdpe, 40%) III Chart: three different polyethylene contrasts 2.3 linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe)
Global supply and demand grew steadily, and the top three regions of global polyethylene production in 2018 remained North-East Asia, North America and the Middle East, with a ratio of 25.43 per cent, 21.96 per cent and 18.0 per cent.
The polyethylene industry is also booming abroad, particularly in the United States of America, thanks mainly to the ethylene fission system brought about by the shale gas revolution in the United States. Global polyethylene demand is projected to increase by about 4.3 per cent between 2019 and 2020.
2.3 Linear low polyethylene (lldpe) domestic production capacity has continued to grow, with 300,000 tonnes of alldpe devices and 400,000 tonnes of hdpe devices during high-growth consumption periods, and 450,000 tonnes of extendable hdpe devices.
The import of 1.42 million tons, or +18.9 per cent, of the same amount, and the external dependence of 46.6 per cent, continued to grow. Chart: the domestic polyethylene market is in short supply and demand.
2.3 Linear low polyethylene (lldpe) global polyethylene production continues to expand, according to statistics, with an additional capacity of approximately 6.72 million tons, mainly from the United States, of which 4.12 million tons have been identified for production and 2.6 million tons are still to be projected.
In 2022, it will reach 137 million tons, an increase of 190,000 tons, or 17%, compared to 2018. Ldpe and hdpe varieties represent a larger proportion.
Chart: Employable Foreign Device Table 2.3 Low Linear Polyethylene (lldpe) domestic sales increased significantly in 2019
In 2019, the domestic plant expansion was projected to be 2.08 million tons, a significant increase of 11.5 per cent over 2018. In 2019, new domestic production was concentrated in the lldpe and hdpe varieties, and there was no planned commissioning of the ldpe unit during the year.
In terms of geographical distribution, the additional production capacity is concentrated in the North-West Coal Chemical Region and in the coastal areas of North-East, East and South-East China that are integrated with refining. In terms of production routes, in addition to the traditional quartz oil fission ethylene and coal or methanol-based ethylene, new ethane fission processes will be added in the future into polyethylene devices with a total capacity of 3.75 million tons, consisting mainly of the Xinpo Chemical Company's 650,000 tonnes/year-per unit, and the Washington-Thai Sein-rich 400,000 tonnes/year full-density polyethylene.
Devices, satellite petrochemical 1.3 million tonnes/year polyethylene devices, and South Mountain Group 1.3 million tonnes/year polyethylene devices.
Polyethylene profit margins vary depending on the price of the raw material. In the context of high oil prices, oil polyethylene production companies have become less profitable, and this has been a major increase in coal polyethylene production in recent years.
With the rebound in international oil prices in 2018, PETs’ profits have shrunk significantly, or even lost. The simple mto polyethylene has been in a state of loss since 2017 because of high costs.
In the first half of the year, the market had a total supply of 16.969 million tons, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period. In the first half of the year, the price of the market for polyethylene fell.
The trend is that, in addition to the main causes of supply and demand fundamentals, trade frictions between China and the United States have had some impact on the end market.
Tons, year-63 per cent; coal lldpe average gross profit at $293/t, year-79 per cent, achieved, expected increased competition, key to ethylene feedstocks
2.4 Ethylene oxide (eo) ethylene oxide industrial chain Ethylene ethylene oxide is the simplest form of ether and is an important chemical product, accounting for 9% of ethylene downstream consumption in 2018.
As the largest area of consumption downstream of eo, the water abatement monomer, driven by previous capital and real estate construction, has been rapidly developing, reaching a ratio of water-deductible monomer squeezes in 2018 and a ratio of 28 per cent of the oo ' s traditional downstream consumption surfactants in 2018. Ethylene ethylene is highly geographically significant because it is flammable and is not suitable for long-distance transport.
ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
ethylene direct oxidation reaction: The world’s eo industrial production units are almost entirely oxidized with silver as a catalyst. Industrial production processes for oxidation are divided into reaction, ethylene ethylene ethylene recovery and ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene precision.
2.4 Ethylene oxide (eo) Ethylene ethylene oxide supply is loose and demand is growing steadily. In 2018, the domestic eo added capacity reached 350,000 tonnes per year, i.e. 4.34 million tonnes per year, compared to 8.8% per cent per year, mainly from the China Seashell and the Thai Golden petrels.
Production in 2018 was 31,68,000 tons, a 73 per cent start-up rate, up from 3 pct in 2017 for three consecutive years. The apparent consumption of 31,68,000 tons, as compared with the corresponding consumption, is influenced by the chemical properties of the eo, it is not easy to transport over long distances, there is less trade, and there are fewer imports and exports.
2.4 Ethylene oxide (eo) Direct oxidation in the production capacity of ethylene oxide is dominant, with the majority in the East China region.
The alcohol method, which is the direct oxidation method, is 96 per cent, and the distribution of capacity is mainly in the regions of East and South China, where Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Guangdong predominate.
No new capacity was created in 2019 and more in 2020. According to statistics, no new capacity for ethylene oxide was available in the country in 2019 and 830,000 new capacity is projected for 2020, an increase of 19 per cent if
Chart: 2020 ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene 2.4 ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene (eo) in the year of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
In the first half of 2019, the production of ethylene oxide was about 1.81 million tons, a fall in prices compared with +11.7 per cent, reaching historical lows, with the highest point of $8,500/tonne in the first half of East China, a decline of 21 per cent from the same period last year, which is expected to be repaired in the future, as a result of the widespread co-production of ethylene oxide with ethylene diol, which has also had some effect on ethylene ethylene.
Future supply of ethylene ethylene is expected to be biased, and profitability will depend largely on the cost of ethylene feedstock.
The industrial chain of epoxypropanes (po) is the second-largest derivative of acrylate except polypropylene, accounting for about 7% of downstream consumption of acrylics in 2018, and is an important basic organic synthetic material.
Po is mainly used to produce polyether polyols and therefore polyurethanes. Domestic consumption of epoxypropanes for polyether polyols in 2018 accounted for 73.9% of total consumption, and future polyethers will continue to dominate the consumption of pos. Polyurethane applications are concentrated in furniture, automobiles, construction and industrial insulation.
In four areas, the amount of polyurethane used accounts for two thirds of the total use of polyurethane. So the magnitude of the atmosphere in the domestic car and real estate industries has a huge impact on the demand for polyurethane, which in turn affects the demand for epoxypropane.
In the downstream sector of the country, the excess capacity, especially in the soft bubble market, is greatest. The downstream sector has a profit margin of 3 to 4%, with profit distribution dominated by upstream mdi, tdi, and po production enterprises, mainly with technical barriers, etc.
There are technical barriers to the production of epoxypropane. Po production processes are mainly chlorol, co-oxidation (also known as inter-oxidation) and direct oxidation. The world now produces epoxypropane.
The main methods of industrialization are the chlorol and co-oxidation methods. The co-oxidation method is also divided into the isobutane and ethylene co-oxidation methods.
Production of t-butyl alcohol or styrene, coupled with co-production of epoxypropane.
2.5 The supply and demand of epoxypropanes (po) is tightly balanced The global capacity of epoxypropanes is about 10.8 million tons, and the Chinese capacity of 3.21 million tons, about 30 per cent, ranks first.
Domestic production of 3.21 million tonnes in 2018, compared to 1.8%, has remained at more than 3 million tonnes for many years; production of 2.83 million tonnes, compared to 7.8% in 2018, has increased the self-sufficiency rate of domestic production of epoxy, and import dependence has generally declined as domestic production has increased. Due to better downstream demand, domestic imports of epoxy rose again in 2018, to 282,000 tonnes, or 21% more in the same year, and import dependence has slightly risen.
Chart: Tight balance between domestic supply and demand of epoxypropane
Domestic production of epoxy-propane is still dominated by the chlorol method, with a higher planned capacity, but production is less than expected. Currently, the domestic production of epoxy-propane is dominated by the chlorool method, which accounts for about 54 per cent, the two co-oxidation methods account for about 33.5 per cent, and the direct oxidation method accounts for about 12.5 per cent. Due to the environmental stress of the chlorool method, new production is limited and small production is phased out, leading to a tight balance between the supply and demand of epoxypropane.
Due to good profitability, epoxy is more productive than planned, but according to historical performance, it is often lower than expected. In addition to Nanjing's production at the beginning of the year, it is planned that the expected 1.5 million tons/year capacity will be released to relieve the current supply pressure, such as Jiangsu Fuqiang, Ida Chemical, Blue Planet, etc.
Chart: The proposed production capacity of epoxypropane 2.5 epoxypropanes (po) The market for epoxypropanes is weak but still in the air cycle
The market for epoxy-propanes in 2018 was on the seller’s market, with a tight balance of supply and demand, and a very lucrative business. In the first half of 2019, a negative increase in cumulative domestic car sales data and a decline in the price of epoxy-propanes was recorded. 2019h1, the average price of epoxy-propanes was RMB 10091/ton, a decline compared to the previous three years, the average price of epoxy-propanes was RMB 3987/tons and the average price since 2019 was RMB 33,84/tons, which was still a decline.
. In the future, with the release of new production capacity, the pressure on the supply of epoxy-propanes will increase, but the environmental stress is high, and the small-scale backward production of the chlorool method is expected to continue to be phased out. Chart: The market for epoxy-propane from strong to weak Pacific securities 2.6 styrene (sm)
Styrene is an important downstream product of the ethylene industry, accounting for 9 per cent of consumption of ethylene in 2018.Styrene is an important basic organic material used mainly for the production of polystyrene resins (ps, 50 per cent), acetylene-butadiene-styrene.
(abs, 22%) resins, styrene-propylene co-polymer (san) resins, butylene rubbers and emulsions (sbr/sbrl), ion exchange resins, unsaturated polyesters and polystyrene systems of thermal plastic elastics (e.g. sbs) Polystyrene (ps) includes general polystyrene, e.g. ethylene e.p.s., high anthropy polystyrene (hips) and interpolystyrene (sps)
eps abs ethyl-benzene dehydrate
Styrene upr sbs
sbl sbr styrene production process:
ethylbenzene-catalyzed dehydration: ethylbenzene dehydrogenated styrene at 550 - 600 °C with catalyst. ethylbenzene insulated hydrogen dehydration: thermal vapour as a heat carrier dehydrogenated styrene at 620 - 640 °C. ethylbenzene monoxide: Styrene is also commercialized through po, sm, ethylene and acetylene for feedstock, styrene and epoxypropane.
Chart: Comparison of styrene production routes 2.6 styrene (sm)
Domestic styrene production grew by 760,000 tonnes per year in 2018, reaching 9.22 million tonnes per year, a 9 per cent increase in comparison with the previous year. Production continued to grow at the same pace, with 8.116 million tonnes in 2018, compared to 8.7 per cent in comparison, and the rate of start-up in the last two years remained at a high level of around 88 per cent.Styrene imports continued to contract, falling by 9.3 per cent in 2018, as a result of new domestic production, higher self-sufficiency and anti-dumping effects.
In 2018, domestic styrene consumption rose at an average annual rate of 7 per cent. In 2018, domestic styrene consumption rose by 11.12 million tonnes, by 4.2 per cent compared to the previous year, in a climate cycle, mainly due to higher demand in downstream ps, abs, etc.
Figure: Growing domestic styrene production and sales. Visible domestic styrene profit space. Styrene levels continued to rise between 2017 and 2018, particularly in 2018, when domestic imports of benzene originating in Korea, Taiwan, China and the United States of America
After five years of anti-dumping, the domestic styrene market has increased further. There is a further increase in domestic styrene profitability expected over the next two years. With good profitability and higher domestic planned styrene production capacity, according to statistics, an additional 700,000 tonnes/year are expected in 2019, an additional 4.9 million tonnes/year are planned for 2020, 50% by the same year, and competition in the styrene market is expected to increase after 2021 years.
2.7 Polyvinyl chloride (pvc) Polyvinyl chloride (PVC) industrial chain pvc short for polyvinyl chloride (PVC), which is one of the five major generic plastics (PVC, polypropylene, polychloroethylene, polystyrene and abs) and is vinyl chloride
Thermoplastic composite resins concentrated in monomer form. Pvc can add different additives depending on their use, with different physical and mechanical properties, at affordable prices, widely used in building materials, industrial products, solar materials, floor tans, floor bricks, man-made tans, tubes, wire cables, packaging films, bottles, blowing materials, sealed materials, fibres, etc.
Pvc powders are also divided into pvc powders and pvc paste. Pvc powders usually refer to general resins; pvc paste particles are smaller and are mainly used for the production of man-made tans, toys, car interiors, etc., with a relatively small capacity of about 5%.
2.7 Polyvinyl chloride (pvc) PVC Basic balance of supply and demand
In 2016, domestic pvc gradually balanced production and consumption, adding to the 2017-2018 h1, global economic resonance, rising demand, industry growth, and our pvc (undefined) production capacity of 24.7 million tons in 2018, compared to +3.22 per cent, maintained for several years a low level of growth, yielding 18.74 million tons of output, and showing consumption of 1965 million tons, compared to 3.09 per cent, with a basic balance of production.
Chart: Domestic pvc supply and demand balance table 2.7 PVC (pvc) Energy structure: pvc is divided into electro-stone and ethylene processes, with 82.80% of the process, concentrated in the north-west and north-west of China, using it
The abundance of upstream coal, electro-stone resources and their competitiveness are only 17.20%; the ethylene method is concentrated in the central and eastern regions, owing to a lack of coal, electro-stones, but close to the consumer market. Xinjiang, Neomon, Shandong are the main producer of the country's pvc, with more than 50% of the city and more than 450,000 tons of production enterprises concentrated in the western regions of Xinjiang, El Niemon, etc., with a high geographical concentration.
(b) To produce capacity: due to overcapacity in the industry, the elimination of backward capacity and the accumulation of environmentally friendly production capacity, which has been closed down to 4.2 million tons since 2013.
Polyvinyl chloride (PVC) is subject to some environmental stress, environmental production, and electrostone pvc requires low-mercury-treathing technology. The electrostone pvc vinyl chloride (VCM) is reacted by acetylene and hydrogen chloride, and the chlorinated mercury-treasuries are the necessary catalysts for the response. However, the chlorinated mercury-treathing agent has a problem with mercury loss and contamination of the environment in the catalytic response, and the chlorinated mercury-treathing medium is the mercury consumed by the mercury industry in our country.
There are three pathways for reducing mercury catalysts. One is to replace high mercury (mercury chloride mass score of 10% - 12.5%) with low mercury exposure factor of 4.0% - 6.5%; the other is to consider replacing mercury exposure with materials such as precious metals; and the third is to use new vinyl chloride monomer synthesis routes, such as:
The State attaches great importance to the production safety and environmental protection of chemical enterprises, environmental protection, high-pressure normalization of chemical industries.
Polyvinyl chloride is subject to certain additional supply pressures, new capacity: the loss of backward capacity has been accompanied by a change in profits over the last three years, which has driven the expansion of a new production cycle in the industry.
Tons, with further expansion of new capacity in 2020, but projected to be higher than planned Chart: domestic pvc capacity and acceleration 2.7 polyvinyl chloride (pvc)
Figure: Consumption structure pvc 2018 Consumption structure: pvc downstream application 50-60% related to real estate.
Pvc is more relevant to the area where the goods are opened and generally lags behind the area where the goods are sold.
Our real estate investments are resilient, and chart: pvc needs are more relevant to new construction of houses 2.7 PVC (pvc)
Prices: The ethylene method pvc is generally better in quality than the electro-stone pvc, with a relative price of 300-500 yuan per ton and an average of 450 yuan per ton for 2019 h1. Benefited from (1) environmental high-pressure normalization, limestone, mini-product capacity shutdown; frequent catalytic events in March-April (2) downstream reworking, real estate support; (3) macro-reverse cycle regulation.
Profit: Based on a single consumption analysis, the cost of ethylene raw materials accounts for more than 70% of the cost of ethylene pvc, which depends mainly on the cost of ethylene.
1 Polyurethane (PUR) is the original and the million-ton ethylene project continues to grow 1.1 million watt chemical profiles 1.2 million ethylene project profiles
2. Analysis of competitiveness of products in support of the Milliton Ethylene Project 2.5 epoxypropane (po) 2.6 styrene (sm)
2.3 Linear low polyethylene (lldpe) 2.7 polyvinyl chloride (pvc) 2.4 ethylene oxide (eo)3, million tons of ethylene project profit analysis
3.1 Method and basis of measurement, 16 per cent value added tax for all raw materials (including those from the first period) and products (including self-use) at historical prices
Depreciation and amortization of 2,300 project personnel is calculated at a residual value of 3 per cent over 15 years, and the project hub is set at $18.2 billion, equivalent to the construction of an existing petrochemical plate with a Maori rate of 35.7 per cent.
1 Polyurethane (PUR) is the original and the million-ton ethylene project continues to grow 1.1 million watt chemical profiles 1.2 million ethylene project profiles
2. Analysis of competitiveness of products in support of the Milliton Ethylene Project 2.5 epoxypropane (po) 2.6 styrene (sm)
2.3 Linear low polyethylene (lldpe) 2.7 polyvinyl chloride (pvc) 2.4 ethylene oxide (eo)3, million tons of ethylene project profit analysis
Profit forecasting and rating This expenditure translates into profitability, future growth space, low valuation, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.