When the reform is under way, it's a good stage of growth.
• The reforms have yielded remarkable results, a clear development path for the future, and an increase in valuations has been evident since 2017, when the change was driven by a boost in internal dynamics, a more scientific operation in the external market, and an acceleration in the release of brand names. The company is still growing in gold in the next three years, and I am still in the process of market expansion and structural upgrading.
• The continued expansion of the market at the secondary end of white wine, the emergence of Shanxi wine, and the rapid growth of the market at the secondary end of prices, with a 28% compound growth rate in industry in 2015-2018, will test the competitive power of the participants as the industry becomes more competitive at this stage.
A strong competitor at the lower end of the price belt, with a clear increase in the level of market management and sustained market input, will continue to enjoy the benefits of industry expansion.
Starting in 2017 with the signing of a mission agreement with the provincial government, Shanxi Liquor is on the path of reform. At the internal management level, China-Yun's entrepreneurship is introduced as a strategic investor, optimized user testing mechanism, accelerated the arrival of long-term incentives and accompanying measures to stimulate motivation and motivation among employees, and tied to one another the interests of the company and the personal interests of the employees.
From now on, it provides an in-house impetus to the implementation of external marketing strategies. In the future, companies will continue to improve at the internal governance, corporate transport, and corporate governance levels, and external marketing will become more focused on long-term development, driving companies through cycles and growing.
At a price band of $$500, the company's main business dinner was invited to the market, reflecting the height of the brand, and in 2020 the company started to focus on the Saffron series. The Bounty series is at $40-50, with a high value for money, a culture of alcohol, and a steady increase in the price of the cashier's products.
For the base market, a breakthrough was made from the market around the mountain, while the market of potential was set up to continue nationalization, with a little clarity and a good rhythm.
In December 1993, the company was approved to become a limited company with shares in the Shanxi village wine factory, and it was publicly released as the country’s first company to market white wine.
The company has three major Chinese brands: "Photo" and "Photo" and "Apricot Village" . The dominant product has a 1,500-year history, won a gold medal in 1915 at Panama's Fair of Nations, and the new China became the first nation to eat wine.
It's famous on the list, and the villages of bamboo leaves and almonds have received international and national brands of wine. It's a model of white wine, with its quality recognized by consumers. It's based on grains such as sorghum, sugared fermentants made from wheat and peas.
Steaming wine, with emphasis on “steaming, clean and clean”, which is all worked on a “clean” word, “clean to the bottom”, should not have strong or sauce and its fragrance and perfunctory smell, characterized by pureness, sweetness of alcohol, natural harmony, and a good taste. Shanxi wine is typical of this fragrance.
On 3 February 2018, as part of the change, the company’s stockholders, the Liquor Group, signed an equity transfer agreement with the company’s venture capital company, Hua Chul-Wing.