After three years of changing the country, looking at a double-wheel-drive, the wine was expected to meet its stated objectives and Qing Xianghua returned strong; and, three years later, the white wine industry was still in a mood, with the wine products focusing on green flowers and bouncing channels.
The strategic fissure and the expansion of the provinces are still at the core of the long-term, medium- and long-term.
In 2016-2019, the annual compound rate of revenue and profits increased by about 39.2%, 47.4%, and led the entire white market. Over the last three years, the effect of the mix has been remarkable.
In the next three years, we'll see the growth of the whole country: the structural expansion of the white wine, the look at the second-end and the light bottle.
High-end white wine, sub-high-end white wine, and light bottle alcohol are measured to be about 25%, 37%, 20% respectively, which contrasts sharply with the negative growth of medium- and low-grade white wine. We predict that the white wine industry will continue to run at a high-end and above speed of light bottle expansion over the next three years.
The two main competitive paths of the wine industry, the cyanflower and the bovine, are high-end and light bottled, respectively, and are expected to keep up with the industry. Products: catch the middle of the two bands, focus on the green flower and the bovine.
In the strategy, income growth continues to focus on the sub-high ends of the green and light bottle of wine. The sub-high end of the market pattern is still fragmented, with the current market share at only about 5%, with the leverage point promising to leverage the overall amount of the green flower; and the botanical positioning of the high-line light bottle, with a 50-dollar price range.
The food-skinned fermentation is now being transformed into a 1357 strategy, and major markets are adapted to local conditions, such as high-line market expansion, end-point expansion, and the growth of high-line markets.
The low-line market deepens the excavation of existing terminals and strengthens the commercial superchannel layout. In addition, Hua Yun, as a battle anchor, is ready for synergies, and is expected to make a breakthrough in the trade, catering channels, and the placement of China's directors will help to improve the management of the wine.
It's more than 50% of the market, it's almost oligopolistic, and it's more sophisticated to sink in order to find a larger stock; it's more than 50% of the market outside of the province, and it's more than half of the country's market layout, and it's working.
The focus will shift from regional expansion to deep market operations, with the growth of the market around the mountain west, with the emphasis on the five small markets south of the river, with the current high rate of growth in China, China, China, the North West, and the Northeast. Shanxi wine focuses on the green flowers and the bountiful, dynamic nationalization strategy, with a clear definition of the production of the two-head belts.
The strategy is in line with the industry ' s trend towards a breakdown, with a small share of the sub-higher market and space for uplifting, a strong competitiveness in the high-light bottled wine market, a long-term potential of 10 billion singles, a combination of channels, a continuous fission of marketing strategies and a higher degree of certainty of performance. We expect companies to earn between 2020 and 2022.
The green flower, the bouncing market, the downfall of the provincial channels, the expansion of the nationalization outside the province, and so forth.
The main operation is based on white wine, and has three brands, namely, "Photo" and "Photo" and "Choi" and "Apricot Village".
The wine is typical of my country, which has a 1,500-year-old history. Sanxi wine was awarded a gold medal in 1915, such as the Grand Exposition of Panama A. New China was designated as the first country to serve wine, and has been shown on the list of wines for five consecutive times throughout the country.
Liquor, as a popular wine, is also known on many occasions as the national and international wines. 1.2 History: The tides begin to rise, the journey to recovery begins, and the journey to recovery begins several times. We have divided the development of Shanxi wine into five phases:
1 1949-1993: In June 1949, the State-run almond village wine factory was established on the basis of the acquisition of a limited supply of wine in the Shanxi village, and of a German wine brewery; in 1985 it became the country's largest white wine production base, with 8,000 tons of it, accounting for more than half of the country's 13 liquor products, and became part of the white wine industry.
In 1987, for the first time in a year, the tax on profits broke the billion yuan mark; in 1989, for the fifth consecutive year, the Shanxi Apricot Factory was transformed into the Shanxi Apricot Village Liquor Company, which formed part of the production of the Shanxi Apricot Co. Ltd., and made public as the country's first company to market white wine.
2) 1994-2001: In the early 1990s, when the supply of white wine was too high, the State liberalized the price of the "salve" and the company opted for the "Wine to People" strategy, missing the opportunity for high-end branding development; in 1994 it collected five grains of liquid.
(c) 2002 - 2007: In 2002, the provincial government authorized the operation of state-owned assets and changed the company to Shanxi.