The leading company in the track traffic control system, the first share of the original “a+h” Chinese company, is the leading global provider of the orbital traffic control system solution. The company provides products from the orbital traffic control system's entire industry chain.
and services, including: 1) design integration, consisting mainly of systems integration services for orbital traffic control system-related products and design and advisory services for orbital traffic engineering-based project construction; 2) equipment manufacturing, consisting mainly of the production and sale of signal systems, communications information system products and other related products: 3) system delivery, consisting mainly of orbital traffic control system project construction, installation of equipment
In addition, the company provides a variety of products and services related to trams, smart cities, electrical electrification, and general contracting for engineering. In 2018, the company ' s revenues from orbital transport operations amounted to $28,270 million, with 70.9 per cent of the revenues from total contracting for engineering and a steady increase in business performance of $11,152 million. In 2018, the company achieved a revenue of $40.1 billion, an increase of 15.7 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $3.41 billion.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved $7.89 billion, or 14.9 per cent, and in the second quarter of 2019, a net return of $680 million, or 8.9 per cent, a steady increase in the company ' s performance. In the first quarter of 2019, the company ' s Māori rate was 24.4 per cent, net interest rate was 9.4 per cent, Roe 2.3 per cent, and profitability has been stable in recent years.
Technology leads, core autonomous R & D results are at the world’s advanced level. Companies have long-term deep roots in the field of orbital traffic control systems, with the leading international and domestic technology.
In an integrated context, the company ' s autonomous development of China ' s high-iron line control system (ctcs-3, ctcs-2), China ' s high-speed pilot control system (ctcs-3+ato), the inter-city rail autopilot control system (ctcs-2+ato), the urban orbital traffic control system (cbtc), the cargo assembly station integrated automation system (cips), the railway smart operation maintenance management system, the integrated transport movement command system, the track
Central systems such as integrated traffic security systems, medium- and low-speed magnetic suspension control systems (matc), modern tram intelligent control systems, computer interlocking systems, dispatch centralized systems (ctc) and equipment such as orbital circuits, responders, relays, fork-to-go transport networks have been fully covered
From 2018 onwards, the high-iron-traffic traffic control system has gradually moved into the Division’s core products and services, covering the world’s first overall median range, up to the end of 2018, according to the country’s heights.
The company is the largest provider of urban orbital traffic control system solutions in the country, with a market share of about 40%. With industry warming, the company has overall evaluation and valuation recommendations. The company is able to provide an orbital traffic control system that includes design integration, equipment manufacturing, and system delivery.
Physicalized services are the only enterprise in the world that can provide a full range of products and services independently of the entire orbital transport control system ' s industrial chain, with national leaders in core technology and crafts at all stages. Companies are also the only start-up company currently listed in the "a+h" stock, with an average market gain of 21.6 times in 2019 and a 13.2 times market gain in the company ' s port stock, taking into account that there will be some value premium.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.