The semi-annual performance is expected to increase, and the peak period for the future continued beneficial traffic is beginning to rise: on 18 July, the company issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2019, the peak period for railway traffic is approaching and the company ' s control system is becoming more innovative.
Over the last three years there has been a rapid increase in the total number of new orders signed, with the total number of new orders signed in 2016-2018 for the “fist” product track control system, respectively, increasing from 29.1 billion yuan in 2016 to 38.1 billion yuan in 2018, with a 14 per cent annual composite growth rate.
The purchase of the system is largely in line with the time node for traffic, so the company's new signature over the next two years is evident in the advantages of the company's high-iron control system, and the city track metro business is expanding faster.
Control system core products high-iron-column control system (ctcs series), high-iron automated driving system total market value/flow (ctcs+ato) (ctcs+ato), metro-city track control system (cbtc) and cargo assembly station automation system
The 12-month maximum/minimum (cips) is now fully penetrating all areas of the country's rail traffic.
The system sector, which together accounts for 70% of the total market share with three other competitors, is in the lead and is increasing the expansion of the city’s share. In the future, market space will expand further, with higher barriers to industry, leading companies benefiting most.
The high technical content of the transhipment control system, and its implications for the safety of the entire train, requires not only technological advance, but also the passing of the Iron Master Review, and therefore barriers to entry are extremely high. After many years of technical deposition and live vehicle applications, the company ensures the efficiency and safety of the controlled products, and is therefore on the move.
Given that our railways and urban tracks are still developing at a very high rate, the next three years will remain high, and given the retrofitting of old lines and the use of more advanced autopilot control systems in some of the new lines, we expect our control systems to be in place for the next three years.
The market size exceeds $50 billion a year. The company, as a leader in the industry, will benefit fully from a six-month advance in its performance, a six-month advance in its future record of sustained traffic, a six-month increase in its performance and a further peak in its future benefits.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related sectors. Financial industry has been in business for more than six years, and is represented by Robot Trends, among other things.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.