CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
10%
China Southern Airlines-A (600029 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
HOLD (Maintain)
Solid operating results; positive 4Q19 outlook
Target Price
RMB7.63
(Previous TP
RMB7.45)
Up/Downside
+12.9%
9M19 revenue +7.1% YoY. Net profit -2.3% YoY. Adjusted net profit -1.6% YoY. RPK
Current Price
RMB6.76
+9.2% YoY. Passenger load factor was 83.0%, down 0.2ppt YoY. For 4Q19, as China
and US are marching towards a "phase one" deal, we reiterate our view that we expect
China Airline Sector
domestic demand to release. And we believe the Company will achieve 10% YoY
increase in ASK for the whole year. We factor in our house view of 2019E average Brent
Hanbo Xu
crude oil, and raise TP from RMB 7.45 to RMB 7.63, corresponding to 1.5x 2020E P/B.
Maintain HOLD.
■ 9M19 revenue in line. For 9M19, operating revenue increased 7.1% YoY to RMB
Wenjie Ding, PhD
117bn, representing 78%/75% of our/consensus previous full-year estimates. Net
profit decreased 2.3% YoY to RMB 4,078mn, representing 125%/89% of
our/consensus previous full-year estimates. Net profit in 3Q19 increased 17.2% YoY,
benefitting from increase in other income and fair value gains. Adjusted net profit
Stock Data
decreased 1.6% YoY to RMB 3,601mn.
Solid operating results; positive 4Q19 outlook. For 9M19, RPK increased 9.2%
YoY, lower than CEA (+10.4% YoY), but higher than AC (+6.2% YoY). Third quarter
Source: Bloomberg
increased 11.1% YoY, slightly down 2.8ppt YoY, mainly due to unrests in Hong Kong.
RPK from regional routes decreased 4.2% YoY in 3Q19, as compared with 15.7%
Shareholding Structure
increase in 3Q18. ASK increased 9.4% YoY, largely in line with management
guidance at the beginning of the year. Passenger load factor was 83.0%, down 0.2ppt
YoY. For 4Q19, as China and US are marching towards a "phase one" deal, we
reiterate our view that we expect domestic demand to release. And we believe the
Company will achieve 10% YoY increase in ASK for the whole year.
Share Performance
Proposed share issuance. On 30 Oct, the Board proposed to issue not more than
2,453mn new A Shares to CSAH (parent company). Total funds to be raised will be
not more than RMB 16,800mn, and will be utilized in the procurement of aircraft and
the repayment of the Company's borrowings. Also, the Board proposed to issue not
Source: Bloomberg
more than 613mn new H Shares to Nan Lung (a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSAH).
12-mth Price Performance
Total funds to be raised will be not more than HK$ 3,500mn, and will be utilized to
supplement the general working capital of the Company.
Valuation. After drone attack on two Saudi Aramco's oil facilities, production resumed
faster than expected, our house trimmed 2019E average Brent crude oil to US$64/b.
We adjust 2019/20E net profit up by 63.6%/126.7%, and roll over TP to RMB 7.63.
Our TP corresponds to 1.5x 2020E P/B. The stock is currently trading at 1.4x 2020E
P/B, lower than historical average of 1.7x. Maintain HOLD.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: KPMG
Related Reports
"Fundamentals remained healthy"
"Dual hubs" strategy stimulates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 3: Historical P/B
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.