Annual report on the development of double-consumption foods, beverages and tobacco: trends to be reported, improvements to be made in the immediate event: double-sink development published its 2017 annual report, generating business income of $50.447 billion.
The slaughter has reached an all-time high, with Māori maintaining their head high, benefiting from down-priced pigs, sufficient supply of raw pigs, a good overall performance of 2017q4 slaughter plate, a new high in the first quarter of 2014 and a total of 4.1796 million.
The slaughter rate has reached 14.2696 million, returning to its 2014 level. Yuan. We've decided that it is mainly due to a rebound in the prices of raw pigs in q4, which has resulted in a narrow rate of slaughter. Overall, the q4 head is still high, with better water for nearly five quarters.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) is flat. In our judgement, the price of pigs in 2018 will continue to be protected against double-save plates in the next cycle. Total market value/flow (millions)
With good profit, slaughter and slaughter profits will continue to improve, high-temperature meat products will continue to be released and low-temperature meat products will develop smoothly.
Double-sink development (000895), " Double-sink development: release " , due to the high prices of pork in the country in the first half of the year, high-temperature meat products and low-temperature meat gross - 2018/03/06
During the quarter, the meat plate was relatively stable in 2017q4, with company q4 having achieved a market of 395,400 tons, down from 400,000 tons of meat products in q2 and q3. At a ton price, the amount of q4 meat was 2852 yuan, the ring ratio.
The decline is 14.79%. We believe that the decline in prices of domestic and foreign pork, the reduction in the use of frozen pork by companies, and the recovery in costs associated with the rebound in prices of q4 pork in the country, the decline in production of lower end products, which leads to a drop in the volume of meat products, are the main factors behind the decline in the tonnage of meat products.
Highlighting low-moderate products, meat products or new growth, as a major contribution to corporate profits, companies have been restructuring their meat products since 2017, reforming them through channels, R & D, product structure, and spending.
We believe that the reform of double-sink meat products is in line with current market trends, adding to the general context of the return of consumption this year, the operation of meat products, or the resumption of higher growth. Since the second half of 2017, the two-sinks have reformed the structure of meat products and established them from an organizational point of view.
The Ministry of High Temperature Industry, the Ministry of Low Temperature Industry, and the Ministry of Medium Products, together with a package reform of technology centres, will establish a centre for research and development of high-temperature, low-temperature and medium-sized products to support the panels.
In the meantime, in terms of spending on low-temperature and medium-size, both sinks have focused their marketing on Western meat products over the past few years, but promotion has been slower than expected, mainly because of the difference between Western meat products and domestic eating habits.
In the case of low-temperature meat products, we believe that they would be more in line with market demand, and that there would be a production threshold for other meat companies, with medium meat products or a new growth point. A high-scoring red ratio returns shareholders, and the red-score policy is expected to continue.
The cost of selling is 4.3%, a slight decrease of 0.7 percentage points from q3. The company controls the cost rate.
One of the companies with the highest rates of red, highlighting the company’s “cash cow” characteristics. Previously, under the influence of the Manchuria International buy-out of Smithfield, the market considered the two-sink development high score to be a supplement to the large shareholder’s cash-flow needs, possibly once the liabilities were paid.
At this point, the long-term debt of Manchuria International is already small, and the double-sink policy remains high, suggesting that it is expected to continue. In 2018, pig prices will remain in a downward cycle, with a higher rate of slaughtering, leading to slaughter operations.
In 2017, the slaughter business was gradually returning to the boom years, and as the prices of pigs went down further, it was expected to reach 16 million in 2018. Both the strategic and organizational aspects of meat products were adjusted this year, with a low-temperature medium meat.
This year’s focus on inputs is expected to be rapidly released. Adding to the trend of high consumption in 2018, we judge that meat products are expected to grow in two digits in 2018. In cost terms, downswings in the price of pork in 2018 will reduce the pressure on the end of the cost and help raise the Māori rate.
The economy has fallen considerably, corporate governance has broken down, and new products have not been promoted as expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report