24q3 performance is in line with expected business diversification progresses well 24q3 performances in line with expected business diversification progresses well 1) End of revenue: company 2024q3 collection \triangleright
And the impact of the decline in the penetration of the gas heavy card: 2024q3 gas heavy card sales in our country amounted to 40 million, which is significantly lower than the industry's decline in the company's end-end ring ratio compared to the same year, and the diversification of operations is well under way; 2) profit end: 1.
2. Quantified wood power (000338.sz) series I: 24q Continuous product structure optimization leads to higher profitability.
In agriculture, the high-end transformation of the equipment business has been smooth, with the sales revenue of the subsidiary Tsairevo, 2024h1, which is 28% higher than in the past, and the offshore subsidiary Kaiju, 2024q3, which receives 2,699 million euros, i.e. 1,12%, and the ring - 6.18%.
On 31 July, the Circular on the Implementation of the \triangleright End-of-life Update of the Old Trucks was issued, identifying the end-of-life updates of the Old Trucks as being filled in three tranches.
The ceiling is $140,000 and the amount and scope of the subsidy is higher than expected. According to the FDR, as of 2022, our country had about 360,000 triple cards, which, assuming a 20% replacement demand from the old replacement policy, will directly boost some 72,000 new domestic needs.
Promoting a sustained recovery of the four-quarter heavy-card demand, driving engine demand upwards. Investment proposal: A company is the leader in the domestic engine sector, by constantly extending its own product lines and upgrading production \triangleright
Core competitiveness, with the constant upswing of natural gas heavy cards, the company engine is expected to rise in volume. We \triangleright study methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.