Weichaipower (000338ch) stillpositive, Butwaitforabeterentrypoy
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Believetherrowedlng/dieselpricestreamwillfeunfaviabletoweichi's gesenginesegment.wholeourearningsforcastin 2024e-26isonlyvised waynefung, cfa
Downby1-3% duetoarelativelysolidmarginoutook, ournewforecasts2h24e/2025e.oursotp-basedtpfora/h(rolledoverto 2025e) related stockdata
iratingasvaluation(10.7x2025ep/e)isnoticevevevenderournew earlysforecast, butweseeetteentrypointaftertheupcoming announcementof3q24ereresources(30ct).
iriskfactors: 1)weaknessineginineexports; 2) lower-than-expected placeplacementdemandinchina; (3) third
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
12-mthpriceforce source: factset source: companydata, cmigmes
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Note 1: Weichaiowns 46.5% interestinkion, 20% interestinballardpoweand 20% interestincerespower.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresalarchanalywhoisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchresearchreport, inwholeorinpart, certifiesthathwatect to the secritiesorissuer that theanalystcoveredhisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonsalviewsaboutthesubjectsecuritiesorissesuesuell; and (2) nopartofofhisorpensationwas,is,orwillbe,directlydirecteddirectly,relatedtothespecificviewsexpressedatatatanalystits.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirstrets/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecuritiesandfutures committee) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchof30calendardayspriortotetetoteofissueofissueissueissuesreport; (2) will dealinortradehestock(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofofofofofhongreport; (3) serveasanofficeroofofofofhong
konglistedcompaniescoveredinthisreport;and(4)haveanyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistedcompaniedinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules indicatedtoentaintyattheanalystisnotaffetedbypotentiaconfactorsointerestthatcourdbackofothereliabilityofothersreport.thisreportis infedfordedforstoritionsstately "majorusitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.