Three-quarterly review 2022: The cloud transition was over-expected, and on October 28, 2022, the state-owned market was on the rise.
The research assistant, Zhou Gao Dynasty, published the tri-quarter report 2022 with friends, generated $5,553 million in revenues from cloud-plus software in the first three quarters of 2022, or +19.1 per cent of the year; deducted net profit from the non-return to the mother - $540 million, in line with market expectations.
▪ High subscription and contract liabilities, with cloud transformation exceeding expectations: cloud service operations continued to grow at a high rate in the first three quarters of 2022, with revenue of $3.546 billion, compared with 40 per cent, and division contract liabilities (short-term + long-term) that already account for operating income achieved $2.26 billion, of which cloud service related contracts were negative
In the transition, the cloud’s revenues and contractual liabilities have increased, while the downstream landscape has risen and the country’s demand has grown at a high rate, guaranteeing long-term growth in the company’s performance. Under the self-controlist trend, friends continue to break through the market.
Up to new heights, with emphasis on ensuring the security of the supply chain of important industries. The erp is an important component of the message, and the core data that sustains and runs the business will be directly related to national security.
The target is that the company is expected to take the lead in national production substitution, with a combined share of 53% of China’s high-end rp software market in 2021 and a large replacement space. With friends as domestic leaders, China’s mobile, Chinese banks, etc., have signed and are in the process of doing so.
With a single abundance, the stick project will be the best “bailway” for friends to continue to break through the market in the country.  High R & D input guarantees product strength and is expected to reach a profit point next year. The company’s top R & D investment of 2022 is strong enough to guarantee product R & D progress and further increase product overlaps.
Quick, new products such as bip3 and transactional accounting will now be the focus of future corporate revenue growth. This year, the report will take stock: revenue meets expectations, events will continue to plan to increase investment in R & D and will continue to have an impact on profits.
The Division expects that next year all staff inputs will be close to natural growth levels, that companies will be transformed in terms of profitability, that profits will grow faster than the harvest and that they will reach the profit point.
Alumni Network (600588), in which the forecast of profits forecast and investment rating: the replacement of national production accelerated under the strategic opportunity of nationalization, slightly over-expected performance, worth the new product in the second half of the year
Using friends as domestic erp leaders, we look forward to the rapid growth of friends' earnings in the market in the United States, and Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.