The cloud transition has been deepening, and the market advantage of large firms has highlighted the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which has grown by 13.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the net profit loss of mothers has been $540 million, a 525.0 per cent decline on a year-on-year basis, mainly attributable to the following factors:
In order to seize market opportunities, companies have increased their efforts in research and development, marketing and market inputs; and in 2021, the one-time revenue base for the management of the shares of Beijing Express Payment Technologies Ltd. was higher. q3 achieved revenue of 2.06 billion yuan in splits, a 17.3 per cent increase.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company's "Cloud+Soft" business generated $5.55 billion, an increase of 19.1% over the previous three quarters of 2022, of which the cloud services business continued to grow by $3.55 billion, an increase of 40.4% over the same period, a rise of 63.4% over the same period; and the software business went to one.
The key indicators for cloud services operations have maintained high growth, with related contractual liabilities of $1.97 billion, an increase of $1.9 billion, an increase of 54.3 per cent, and revenue recognition sustainability. In terms of the number of clients, the company has 91,000 new customers for cloud services, and as of the third quarter of 2022, the cumulative number of customers for cloud services has reached a total of 91,000.
52.90 million households, or 56.7 per cent more than the same year, have opened flowers in the corporate customer market, and sticker projects are on the ground. For large, small and medium-sized microenterprises, the company's “Cloud+Soft” income has reached $5.03 billion, an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period.
Household markets: The company seized the dual opportunity of the intellectual transformation of the company’s numbers and the replacement of national production, further strengthening the competitive edge of the high-end market, with revenues of between 37.6 and 2.43 billion yuan per year, with a 98.1 per cent renewal rate for core products.
In terms of vertical segmentation, companies are steadily moving forward in such sectors as telecommunications, electricity, finance, tobacco, etc., and have successfully signed on to a large number of top customers in such sectors as China Telecom, China Wide Power, and China Tobacco General. The pole effect continues to be visible, and vertical penetration is expected to accelerate. 2. Medium-sized customer markets: Clouds
The business generated 380 million yuan, an increase of 97.5 per cent over the same period, and a renewal rate of 80.2 per cent for core products, of which yonsuite and u9clud contracts increased by 9.3 per cent, 256.4 per cent, and u8clud, respectively, successfully contracted over 350 municipal clients and prominent enterprises, with a significant increase in product penetration.
Household markets: accelerated cloud transformation, with Saas subscription income of 280 million yuan, an increase of 54.8 per cent over the same period; first or first technology, six leading application structures, 465 innovative services and fast-growing living systems, with technology reaching full innovation and global leadership.
We believe that the release of Yoonbipv3 will further meet the need for multi-layered intellectual transformation of large firms, with the prospect of rapid commercialization with the company’s growing marketing, delivery, and ecological capabilities.
The Division has taken advantage of the opportunities for intellectualization and nationalization of business creation, and the cloud transformation has led to a breakthrough, accompanied by the strengthening of the label and the strong customer advantage (2022-08-22).
As the fists continue to grow, the company's strength in the markets of large enterprises is further strengthened, followed by the use of the Friends Network (600588), which is a smooth restructuring. The rate of income growth and quality improvement is to be expected and the “buy-in” rating maintained.
The cloud industry has achieved a breakthrough (2022-03-23)1 in traditional software: with the continuation of the “business cloud” trend, the traditional localized software authorized deployments have led to a decline in demand, and companies have in recent years been pro-scaling their traditional software business by cutting sales and lowering the number of tests, and subsequent operations have taken on or into one.
2) Cloud services: In the larger context of the digital economy, the digital transformation of the industry has ushered in historical catalyzing, adding to the continuing wave of national production, firm corporate commitment and promotion of cloud transformation strategies, with significant performance in stratification. Companies are well positioned in large enterprise markets, and the flagship is fast-tracked to strengthen competitiveness, promising to take on more mega-enterprise project orders; medium-sized enterprise markets.
The site is expected to be structurally strengthened by the rapid roll-out of u9c and yonsuite products; since 2022, the trend of national production substitution has intensified, with companies investing heavily in R & D and marketing costs to grind products and expand markets to further capture the credit market: thus, in 2022, the cost of R & D, management and sales was higher for companies than in 2021.
There has been an increase in the short-term profit performance; however, following up with the growing sophistication of product technology, the gradual release of orders, the build-up of scale effects, the prospect of a resilient growth in corporate Māori rates and a steady downward trend in cost rates, are projected at eight times, 95 times, 72 times, and the corresponding ps at eight times, six times, and five times.
Using the ps valuation method for company cloud services, it is expected that in 2023, the company cloud service business will earn $10.8 billion, with an average industry perp, giving eight times the cloud service business in 2022 and a market value of $86.4 billion for cloud services.
Using a pe valuation method for company traditional software operations, the company’s traditional business is expected to earn $1.74 billion in 2023, with 55 times the value of the year’s traditional software business corresponding to $14.3 billion. Taken together, the company captures the opportunities of intellectualization and credit creation, and the cloud transformation has made a breakthrough, accompanied by the poles.
The project continues to fall into the ground, the fist products continue to evolve, the company’s position in the markets of large enterprises is further strengthened, and the subsequent increase in revenue and quality is expected, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.