Higher revenues from cloud services, higher growth in business income from major businesses and a sustained shift in business-to-income structures towards higher quality
In the first three quarters, corporate cloud services and software generated revenues of $5,553 million, an increase of 19.1 per cent over the previous quarter and 19.3 per cent over the same period in the same three quarters alone, and continued high growth in cloud services, with revenue on a stratification basis, both large and medium-sized clients achieving steady growth, and government and other public revenues.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Production of market opportunities to realize revenues from cloud services and software operations of 3,791 million yuan, with a 12-month growth rate of the highest/minimum ($) rate of 98.1 per cent. In the medium-sized enterprise customer market, companies continue to accelerate the growth of the cloud.
With the friendly network 600588, the cloud business remains high, the strategy is to enhance the public cloud subscription business, achieve a rapid growth of $744 million in revenues from cloud services and software business, and sustain the product to consolidate the market ground.
RMB, 30.3 per cent growth over the same period, with $375 million in revenues from cloud services, and the same increase in stock shares, which continue to focus on the two main areas of SMIG and SMART, increasing rapidly and keeping the cloud business growing rapidly.
The current cloud service and software business generated $498 million, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the same period, of which saas set a target income of $277 million, an increase of 54.8 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the epidemic on business and software was 519 million yuan, a decrease of 8.7 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, the cloud service revenue was $301 million, an increase of 28.1 per cent.
The company speeded up the expansion of its strategic-level corporate clients and successfully contracted a number of well-known companies, such as the China-Food Group, China Chemical Engineering, the National Airports Group, China-China-China-China-Congress Company, the Paulie Group, the Three Gorges-Energy, and the Middle-Governance International. From the end of August to the end of the third quarter, the bip3 product was signed.
In addition, the company has successfully expanded its operations in the vertical sectors of telecommunications and electricity, finance, tobacco, cars, etc., and successfully signed China Connect, China Mobile, and China Silver.
Many head-clients and industry labels, such as the Hong Kong Bank of China, the Hong Kong Bank of China, the Hong Kong Treasure Securities Bank of China, Shandong Smo, Heilongjiang Tobacco, the China Communications and Information Technology Group, the Hong Kong Air Transport Corporation, the Flying Cars, the South Ocean Commercial Bank, and the Ruthin Investment Holdings Group of Shandong Province.
High revenues from cloud services, high success in the outreach of large firms, clients, and the expectation that they will contribute to the growth of future performance.
High revenues from cloud services, significant growth in the outreach of large enterprises, high revenues from cloud services, and significant growth in the outreach of large enterprises
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.