\Trangleright \Trangleright \Steptime, November 07, 2022 \Trangleright \
The three-quarterly report, 2022, achieved revenue of $5,595 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 13.45 per cent over the previous three quarters; achieved net profit for mothers of $540 million, compared to $127 million in the same period last year; achieved net profit after deduction of $540 million, followed by 19.1 per cent growth in “Cloud Plus soft” income in the previous three quarters, with a strong resilience.
\triangleright has maintained a healthy growth trend in cloud business at its core, with 40.4 per cent growth in cloud service income over the previous three quarters and 63 per cent in cloud business; 6.1 per cent decline in revenue over the previous three quarters of software business.
The software business has continued to contract strategically in the process, but has been more smoother than the 22h1 downturn; the gold business has fallen by 84 per cent the same year, with revenues of just $41.99 million in the previous three quarters, and companies have continued to strip away from the financial business, focusing on the core business of the cloud plus soft.
The cloud business continues to grow in a healthy manner. The company’s contractual liabilities are realized according to the key indicators of the cloud business.
At the end of the three-quarter reporting period, the number of clients paying for the new cloud services was 528.9 million, an increase of 56.7 per cent compared with the end of the previous three quarters.
In the third quarter of 2022, a friend returned to his mother in the third quarter of 2022, with a net profit of US$ 280 million, the loss was higher than last year, mainly in the third quarter, when the company increased its strategic investment.
With the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, the United States sanctions on China's semiconductor industry, and other events that have been catalyzed, the Intelcom is reporting a performance forecast for the second stage of the construction of the country's int industrial chain, using the Friends Network (600588.sh) 2022 as an erp that supports the efficient functioning of large corporations.
Review: Clouds and Softs maintain good growth and focus on strong systems, which used to use the two major overseas powers, sap, oracle, with a clear orientation of the message, the national product erp product, as a strategic result of 2022/07/18.
Use of the Friends Network (600588.sh) event review: equity incentives to bind core talent to digitalization & nationalization wave-2 Investment proposal: taking into account the strategic opportunities offered by the letter creation and the corresponding company-driven expansion of personnel to loot markets
4. Quarterly 2022 by Friends Network (600588.sh) reports: A strong resilience to the stress of the epidemic, focusing on the promotion of heavy-pound cloud products
-202/04/30 Expected repair to maintain a “recommended” rating. Quality cloud transformation, digital economic dividend period - 2022/03/
\triangleright slides; onbip production is not as advanced as expected; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective production of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.