The seafood industry (603288) The food and beverage fermentation industry: 21 years against the wind and 22 years for steady progress
The Seafood industry published its annual report for 2021, which enabled the company to collect 250.04 billion yuan (+9.71 per cent of the year), the mother ' s net profit, $6.671 billion (+4.18 per cent of the year), and the mother ' s non-net profit, $6.430 billion.
Total stock/flow (million shares) q4 accumulated by distributors. 1) Sub-products: sale of the three main groups achieved 21.4 billion yuan, i.e. + 866 per cent, of which 14.2 billion yuan, i.e. + 878 per cent, astore 4.5 billion, i.e. the same
16.3% long, mainly in vinegar and liquor, with the major groups in the order of increase in the rate of increase compared to the industry with the breakdown.
Number: Company end-of-year distributors, 7430, with a net increase of 379 during the year. 4) Sub-channels: first down the line in the quarter, performing better than industry. Profit analysis: cost increases, Māori pressure and efficiency gains.
-2021/08/30 The profit rate is still positive. 38.13% of the q4 Māori rate, corresponding to 3.73pt, QC code:
Mainly: 1) the cost of raw materials has increased significantly in q4; 2) the accounting standards have changed and the promotion has moved away from taking into account the cost and offsetting the income (freight to cost from 20q2 and promotion to cost from seafood: 21 years against the wind, 22 years to steady progress)
The price increases in the various sectors of spices are considered to be similar to 10 to 12 years of price increases, and the re-inflation of inputs does not exclude the possibility of secondary increases. Cpi is now moving up. Although pi is uncertain about the smoothness of cpi, input inflation suggests that the food-producing countries are experiencing a major increase in prices.
After the outbreak, the whole of the epidemic is in the stock-up phase, adding to natural disasters in some parts of the country, and the prices of food crops, such as soybeans, are expected to rise significantly, with increased corporate pressure. The cost of raw materials is expected to rise gradually, driven by multiple factors, not to rule out the possibility of double price increases.
In addition, we believe that the second half of the price increase needs to be tested through two rounds of four. The second half of the price increase needs to be tested through two rounds of four rounds, one at the end of the household and the other at the end of the restaurant.
On the one hand, the company pre-empts the cost of raw materials such as soybeans.
Reducing subsequent quarterly cost pressures, and secondly, the overall efficiency of the company's operations is higher than that of other enterprises in the industry, whether in-house or in-house, as well as in external outreach, channel market inputs, which will effectively boost actual sales, reduce internal losses and achieve better net profits.
Long-term outlook: Three-fifths continue to be good for spices, class, and channels. In the five-year period 2019-2023, the company will continue to work on products and channels, insisting on good spices and striving for double-digit growth.
1) Classes: Further development of market leadership in the three core categories of soy sauce, aphid oil and soybeans, with the advantage that the share of soy sauce high-end products is expected to rise from 40% to 50% today, to do the volume of soybean oil, and to enhance the new market for soy sauce, with emphasis on new products such as vinegar, wine, etc.
2) Channels: Weave a network of channels to strengthen the three or four-line urban gap and weak market development, with annual revenues, profits, and more than double-digit compound growth. Considering structural upgrades and volume space for products, and progress in deepening corporate channels, we judge the "3 by 5"
Profit predictions and ratings: maintain an “enhanced” rating. Seafood industry continues to expand, benefiting from higher dividends and loss of concentration, thanks to its outstanding advantages of brand, channel, class and size.
In terms of cost-up dividends, scale dividends, management dividends, etc., companies will continue to grow steadily and steadily in the future, and the “3 by 5” plan is expected to be successfully achieved in the long run. Companies are expected to raise their prices to recreate their profits, but they will be affected repeatedly by the epidemic, and the price increases will affect sales more often than ever.
In view of the steady growth in performance and the price premium on the flagship valuation, we're following the 2022 ps. Seafood industry: 21 years against the wind, 22 years into the northbound northbound street of Beijing.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.