Sea weather industry (603288): The impact of the epidemic continues in the first quarter, the impact of the epidemic continues in the second quarter, and the performance of the first quarter is largely flat in the 2022q1 battalion, with low demand for consumption, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic.
Last year's price hikes were difficult to cover this year's rise in the cost of raw materials. 2022q1 sales cost sustained growth in other new items, increased speed of sales on the line.
According to the sub-regions, the east/south/central/northern/west harvests have taken place, and electricity outlets have increased, with a higher share of innovation. 2021 distributors, Sea Weather (603288): more than enough to deal with the epidemic.
There was a net reduction of 291 to 7139, and the product expansion super-channels were broken, with the year-round target of $28 billion, or +12 per cent, of corporate planned operating income for 2022.
At the end of the "3-F" scheme, the wine is first in the industry and the vinegar in the 3rd in the industry.
Channel end: to accelerate innovation in channels, products, terminal construction, to accelerate the achievement of substantive breakthroughs in new retail, large customers, etc., to speed up the expansion of end-of-resident channels to break through and through wire and special access, and to achieve close-to-line, multi-channel co-development.
At the end of the production cycle: multi-base production capacity has accelerated, the annual capacity of smart base sauce, soy sauce and so on has increased by 300,000 tons, the annual capacity of sheltered base ailments, vinegar, etc. has increased by 200,000 tons, and the new foundation capacity will be gradually released in 2022, providing a guarantee of capacity.
We look forward to the long-term growth of the company, given the price increases and the cost stability, the elasticity, and the new growth point for the new product category, which is expected to be achieved in 2022. The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic, consumption, increased competition in the industry, and capacity-building
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, and the production of food and beverage products.
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.