Seafood Industries (603288): Multiple measures to deal with the epidemic, double measures to reduce the impact, community group purchasing influence to control the epidemic, which continued at several points in 2022, the company took the following measures to reduce the outbreak and reduce the number of cases of disease.
1. The catering channels are affected, and marketing ends are under pressure and challenge, and are now being compensated for by rapid population end-of-pipe expansion and on-line and feature-to-door breakthroughs. Sea weather will accelerate the transformation of sales towards the goal of double-digit growth.
2. Reduce the impact of community group purchasing through adjustments: 1) Increase the number of new retail teams to do business online. 2) Accelerate the placement of professional networks and expand the number of professional distributors. 3) Make significant efforts to improve the market environment and enhance the capacity of distributors. 4) Strengthen the United States Mission, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America.
Strategic collaboration on platforms such as multiple and shivering.3 New items such as prefabricated vegetables: prefabricated vegetables are still processed through out-sourcing because of the small cost of prefabricated vegetables production.
The industry is an important customer of the company's food processing channels, with a certain increase in the company's base.
At the end of the Five-Pilot, the wine is going to be industry-first, and vinegar is going to enter the industry before the seafood industry (603288): a steady year-round growth, and three. Companies will increase product innovation, and new products will continue to take over the market.
The company has been restructured at the organizational level to create a specialized agency, The Favorite Depth of the Food and Beverage Industry: Industry Scenes Still Considering the Impact of this Year's Epidemic, we believe that the company's goal is to raise revenue and profits throughout the year.
We look forward to the company's long-term development, and given the elasticity of profit from price increases, new product categories such as composite spices are expected to expand to new growth points in 2022, with a steady increase in macroeconomic downside risks, an epidemic that drags consumption, increased industrial competition, and capacity-building.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, and the production of food and beverage products.
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.