Seafood Industries (603288.sh) 29/04/04/04/04/04/Epidemic Disturbing Needs with short-term performance under pressure
We have a long cycle for future development and maintain a “buy-in” rating of investment. Quality of revenue meets expectations, and net gains are slightly lower than expected.
The company’s growth rate of 0.7 per cent in the first quarter of the year, 25.7 per cent of the annual target, was slightly slower than in the same period in 2021. First, the epidemic affected the end demand in March; second, the price stimulus channel 2021q4 was pre-positioned to distribute part of the spring. Subgrades show a decline of 0.53 per cent in soy sauce, 3.17 per cent in soy sauce and 8.61 per cent in soy sauce.
In response to the impact of the epidemic, companies have increased their investment at the end of the market to assist dealers in inventory de-mining.
• Higher than expected cost increases, resulting in a slight decline in profit margins (lower Māori ratio for class of goods); a 0.3 pc decrease in sales cost on a year-on-year basis; positive adjustments in management cost rates and financial excellence to accelerate market transformation
Under the impact of the external shocks of the epidemic, the flagship seafood industry has been actively restructured to speed up the deployment of new retail outlets, and to develop 2022.3.26 Increased in-depth cooperation, including community shopping, to accelerate market transformation: on the other hand, fine-tuning channels, channels
Corporate Information Update - Performance meets expectations, and competitiveness increases. We've observed that vinegar and alcohol are expected to grow in the three main groups, while the reheating trend is clear in the new products.
Zero-added soy sauce has been marketed and is promising in the future; and food and oil products have been marketed to build new growth points in the future, Corporate Information Updates - Short-term Performance Conservancy. Sea weather continues to give way to new products based on pre-existing channels, and platform-type firms have emerged.
Positive Adjustment Improvements