The Sini Shan family is full of food, seafood, 603288.sh.
Corporate performance reports are published, companies disclose a quarterly report, business income is 72.10 \triangleright short-term performance in the first quarter of 2022, and there is a sharp increase in online performance. Companies realize operating income of $7.210 billion in the first quarter of 2022
\triangleright 1) Sub-products, sub-products, soy sauce/difficult sauce/veil oil/other products, respectively Market data: 28/04/2022
In the case of shocks to catering channels, the growth rate of the three core products has slowed, but among them products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc. are already well established, and the rapid growth of new products will further expand the competitive and leading edge of the company and maintain a strong dynamic and dynamic development. (2) From a regional perspective, the subregion will see separate harvests in the east/south/central/north/west.
Purchase costs have risen, net interest rates have fallen. The company ' s net interest rate for sales in 2022q1 was 25.39 per cent.
At this level, last year’s price increases will be difficult to fully cover the pressures of existing costs; 2) the company absorbs the negative effects of various cost escalations through various measures and subdued efficiency gains. The cost during the company’s sales is 7.89%.
The same-year decline of 0.3 pct, with sales costs of 5.43 per cent and management costs of 0.27 pcc, shows that the bulk material remains high and the cost pressure remains high, and in 2022 the company will continue to exploit efficiency gains, taking full advantage of the advantages of scale, class and channel accumulated by the sea.
In the medium and long term, the sea continues to enjoy the status of the industry, while accelerating business fission and new business developments for sustained development.
Profit predictions, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: the surging of the new crown, weak consumer demand, rising prices of raw materials of various kinds, vexing competition in community buys, tight supply due to restricted production, etc., have led to a decline in the conservatism industry. In the short term, the cost pressure on raw materials is still high, and companies are raising prices on the basis of prices.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.