The seafood industry (603288.sh) experienced a decline of 6.4 per cent in performance in the quarter, while waiting for demand and costs to emerge.
Food beverage / flavour fermentationii High base + recurrent income growth slows down. Income decelerations are mainly due to the previous high base + parts of the area, repeated outbreaks, and the catering channels are clearly under pressure.
S098020110001 Quantity of new items such as alcohol/bureau; for the subregion, income on the eastern/south/central/northern/western line is the same as income on the 1022 line, compared to the +202.2 per cent, mainly from electricity suppliers and community groups that are catalyzed by the epidemic.
The price of core raw materials such as soybeans, white sugar, etc., has risen significantly, and given that the price of raw materials 21q3-q4 has not increased further and that the company’s purchasing and production time lag has largely flatted the 4022-ratio ratio, which is also consistent with our previous judgement.
The Māori rate of the company may continue to be pressured for six months. The competitive advantage of the sales/management/research and development costs of the 1q22 company, respectively, remains significant, and the mitigation efficiency will increase its share of the contribution. In 2021, the firm growth of the seaday reflected the firmness of the company’s business resilience, despite the epidemic.
At the firm level, in the face of changes in the external environment, there is a call for a “deterioration strike” in which all employees look inside, cut to their own hands, and the company does not.
" Seafood Industries (603288.sh) 2021, with a smooth winding-up of demand and costs, and a cut-off strategy for products, brands and channels, will continue to make steady progress in the future by accelerating market transformation, reducing efficiency gains " , " Sea Weather Industries - 603288 - In-depth report: A thick and thin casting platform " .
Strengthening research and development and extension to further squeeze the share of competitions, with the prospect of a reverse increase in the share of the city. “The Seafood Industry - Quarterly 603288-2021: Improved Performance Rings, the most difficult.” “The Seafood Industry - Quick Review of Major Events: An Increased Price of “The Boots Landing”, industry mentioned.
Sea weather industry - semi-annual review of 603288-2021: The second quarter performance period was under pressure, and given the repeated outbreak of 1022 and the high cost of raw materials, we revised our previous profit forecast downwards and predicted that the short-term exposure of the sea weather to the outbreak and cost escalation would be under pressure, but the competitive edge of the company would remain.
Highlighting, the medium- and long-term share increase trend has been determined to maintain the “buy-in” rating. Figure 2: Quarterly net profit and increase in seafood industry (in millions of dollars, per cent) Figure 3: Quarterly Mäori change in seafood industry
Figure 4: Quarterly changes in net interest rates in the seafood industry, given the repeated outbreaks of 1022 and the high cost of raw materials, we lower the previous profit forecast. Company dollars are expected to reflect a decrease in revenue, mainly due to recurrent outbreaks in some regions, and significant pressure on catering outlets.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them