Incidents: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2022, 22q1 registered revenues of $7.210 billion, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $1,829 million, a decrease of 6.4 per cent over the same period; and a slight increase in the 22q1 battalion collection under the higher base of net return to non-mothers.
In the case of the epidemic, the catering channels have performed poorly. By product category, 22q1 sauces/favorite sauces/veil oils/others have increased by -0.5%/-8.6%/-3.2%/9.7%, soy sauces and aphids have shown relatively strong performance, savory sauces have grown less, and others have developed better.
The growth of revenue from the 22q1 line and off line channels was 202.2%/-3.9%, respectively, and the high growth of the online channel was mainly due to the active deployment of companies and the development of new retail outlets. 22q1 Eastern/South/Central/North/We expect to reduce the number of people returning during spring holidays due to the effects of the epidemic. By the end of 2021, the public
The number of division distributors reached 7,139, a decrease of 196 compared to the same year, mainly due to higher costs of raw materials. Companies responded positively to cost-side pressures through price increases, Māori rates Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies were affected repeatedly by the epidemic in the short term, and raw materials rose.
We believe that sea weather has an advantage of scale, while products are sticky, consumer loyalty is high, and competitive advantages are evident. We expect companies to have a different risk factor for 22-24 years: higher prices for raw materials are higher than expected; industry competition increases; and the epidemic repeats itself.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The City Planning Land Commission conducts research on the evaluation of real estate tax bases (National Social Fund) and is concerned with macro, real estate, and fiscal issues. In 2015, it entered the country with sales + research experience, with a focus on the industry and its shareholdings, and with in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational foods, truffles, frozen foods, etc., with a focus on valuation and safety margins.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.