Annual report and quarterly reviews of the industry ' s downside lights: events: 19-year report and 20-year-long report of the company, excluding net profit points from the return to the mother.
The company's performance was the first to emerge from the industry. Starwoo's performance rebounded markedly in the fourth quarter of 19th year, with single-quarter revenues growing by 47% on a year-on-year basis, and net profits increased by 51% on a single-quarter basis. This is a reflection of his own product cycle, on the one hand, and the structure of the car market since the fourth quarter.
In the first quarter of 20 years, Starwoo continued to outperform the industry. The 20q1 Starbucks fell by only 12%, the harvest fell by much less than the drop in sales in the car industry, and the net profit from non-repatriation was largely flat.
High-quality downstream customers are the main reason why the income is better than the industry. The company’s main downstream collections include a crowd of people and customers such as the Japanese Toyota and the Japanese.
The performance is better than the industry: one crowd benefits both low-end Jeda and high-end Audi brands, total market value/flow (millions) and pull performances are much better than the market and the rest of the population, while the Japanese car has been highly reliable for the last two years.
The 12-month-old/minimum ($) annual company-initiated light development projects grew by 22 per cent in 2018 compared to the same year, reaching a new high, and we expect higher value-added big light projects to be on the ground.
Continued high performance growth - 2019/10/27 - continued from 2020 to 2022, so firm performance growth for the next three years remains extremely certain.
For the next three years, we have maintained a firm's “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report