I'm reporting the reason for this: the annual report.
19 years of over-expected performance, client+orders continued to be corporate performance escorts 20 April 2020 \triangleright
The high performance in 19 was followed by a decline in the 2020q1 industry. In 2019, the auto industry was fully \trianglerighted, with a 7.5 per cent and 8.2 per cent drop in vehicle sales on a year-on-year basis, respectively, and the company was supplied as upstream spare parts.
Businesses, depending on their own customer accumulation, technological advantages, cost-control systems and so on, maintain performance high growth, with company collections, net returns and returns increasing by 20.06 per cent and 29.38 per cent, respectively, compared to the same increase.
Highest/lowest interest rate in the year: Net interest rates continue to grow and cost control capabilities are prominent.
On the one hand, the company is a lamp supplier and has the capacity to develop a synchronized light design. Currently, the company has design development capabilities, including carlight products, carlight electronics, engineering machines, models, etc., as well as nationally accredited laboratories.
It can respond quickly and meet the needs of its clients. On the other hand, the company's R & D outcomes continue to evolve, with high costs, high growth in R & D, 2019, the R & D dimension, high precision size control techniques for company tail lamps, welding and size control techniques for cross-tails lamps, capacitors, electric senses.
The R & D dimension of R & D costs has been successful, with companies developing 230 million yuan in 2019, compared to 27.37 per cent in 2018, R & D costs as a share of the company's revenues. The technological advantage of the company has continued to grow and the unit price of the product has increased, leading the company to compete in the light industry.
Further enhancement of strengths and profitability. 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City Capital.
In the meantime, the company intends to work on the second phase of the Fushan Factory Project and the first phase of the Smart Manufacturing Industrial Park.
Construction plant in Serbia for the production and sale of products such as car lamps and spare parts, planned to reach Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The year of production is expected to produce about 5.7 million vehicle lamps of all types, further improvements in the productivity of assistive companies, cars, individual vehicle-type light development projects, and 45 new vehicle-type manufactures, while the company's clients cover the entire car-making industry, including the general public, the general public, the upper-air, the Daimler, the German BMW, and so on, both within and outside the country.
The layout, with a large number of high-quality clients, and a sufficient number of projects with high-quality customers, provides a high security margin for the company’s incremental performance. Under the new crown, the industry as a whole is under pressure, as is the company’s performance as a supplier of spare parts.
However, the company, as a leader in the lighting industry, has a well-developed product system, a high-quality customer escort, a growing technological strength and a strong performance stability. As a result, the company is not expected to move ahead as expected with its 2020, Xiang’s project; the sales of the supporting model are not as high as expected; and the macroeconomics are continuing.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.