Short-term pressure on performance in the first half of the year and the outlook for the industry is positive for the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: the company released its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved business income of $336 million during the reporting period.
The main reason for this is the intense competition in the domestic market and the direct impact of the boom, which has led to a decline in the volume and prices of some products compared to the same period the previous year. The share of corporate income has been higher, accounting for around 30% last year.
Increase: Increased loss of corporate inventory impairment: 1 percentage point increase in the sales cost of the same year, 6 percentage points increase in the management cost of the same year, expected performance recovery, mainly due to a favourable outlook for restrictive stock incentives, employee remuneration and R & D costs. Unoptimistic domestic market and falling prices for traditional light module products in the first half of the year.
The market is in a transition of 4g to 5g, and the 5g layout has not yet officially begun: the mid-surge has stagnated in the second quarter and has had some impact on company performance. But the boom has gradually returned to normal, and the delivery of goods to fill the gap has been higher in the near future and will return to normal in the long run.
Market data centres and 5g have emerged as new directions, with companies emphasizing technological leadership, giving priority to the introduction of 200g products for data centres and a series of products rich in 100g product lines, optimizing product structures, and gaining a priori advantage. Companies focus on R & D, overseas markets are parallel to domestic markets, and are flexible.
Soft production lines have a significant advantage in vertically integrated production costs. The United States subsidiary’s successful registration provides a solid basis for the Division to break through North American data centre clients. It has now been tested by some of its clients.
Since its establishment, Chengdu New Le Sein Communications Technology Inc., a professional light model manufacturer and technology service provider with multi-model products, has focused on the development, production and sale of light modules. Currently, the company focuses its products on point-to-point and pon-light modules and has successfully developed different models and quality-assured light module products.
Nearly 3,000 products, with more than 300 domestic and foreign clients, are sold to more than 60 countries and regions, including Europe, North America and Asia, and are suppliers of the full range of customized products and specialized system solutions for China ' s light and subsystems.
The company has been focusing on the development, design, production, and marketing of the module, which accounts for more than 90% of the company’s operating income. The company’s optical module product is more than 3,000.
In recent years, companies have been working to achieve vertical integration around the industry, to achieve full coverage of the optical chip envelope, the optical device envelope and the light module manufacturing chain, as well as to improve the integrated competitiveness of the providers of light modules and devices with a capacity to scale vertically.
The company, committed to vertical integration, has completed two of the most critical areas of vertical integration: high-precision optical devices, the manufacture of wrapping and light modules, and the company has been constantly interested in suitable chip markers and has the opportunity to integrate upstream. For the module manufacturer, the core competitiveness looks mainly at the three segments of photochip manufacturing, optical package encapsulation and light modules.
After completing the vertical integration of high-precision optical packagings and light module manufacture, the accuracy of the optical packagings fully meets the requirements of the future 400g.
A unique small volume, customised “order production” model, sold directly within the country to the manufacturer of communications equipment, and overseas mainly to the distributors. The company’s upstreams are mainly heads of tourists in the lightware, integrated circuit chips, structures and pcb industries.
Conducting small batches, customized production, responding quickly to specific client requirements depending on the product’s technical indicators (e.g. transmission rate, light wave wave length, spectrum, launch and relay, reflectivity, damage, transmission distance, etc.) and design options (wave-back technology options, digital diagnostic functions, user-writing operations, etc.). The company’s sales to customers in the country are mainly directed.
The sale by the company to the distributor is made on a buyout basis. Figure 3: Relationship of the New Leisure industry with the upstream and downstream industry
Figure 4: New easy-to-sale model map 1.2 Business in the main battalion is steadily developing, with short-term performance pressure to achieve a composite growth rate of 18.85 per cent of income and 6.33 per cent of net profit growth for mothers.
The company ' s main business point-to-point module continued to maintain its business income-driven position, with 76 per cent revenue in 2017 and 18 per cent on the pon module. At the same time, income from the pon-to-light module continued to grow at a faster rate, reaching 56 per cent in 2017, with significant development potential, with 17 per cent growth in the point-to-light module and 17 per cent growth in the same year.
The module achieved operating income of $287 million, a decrease of 13.67 per cent, or 85 per cent of total operating income. (1) The company point-to-point module has recently slowed down, but with the development of the data centre and the 5g market, the projected point-to-point penetration rate of domestic broadband access has been higher and the overall market size is expected to remain at its current level, assuming that the company-to-consolidation ratio is maintained.
For the first time, a “uptake” rating has been given. No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.