Purple gold mining (601899): Congo ' s Kamoa copper mine announces the construction details, sword being the third largest copper mine in the world recommended (first cover)
On 3 May, Eiffonhow released details of the expansion of the Kamoa-Kakila copper mine, which will reach 600,000 tons of copper mineral energy in q4 in 2024, and will become the third largest copper mine in the world, the largest in Africa.
The second phase of the Kamoa copper mine was re-engineered to achieve production, and the third phase of the target blues, the first phase of the Kamoa copper mine, was launched in May 2021, with a capacity of 200,000 tons of copper ore (in copper-containing metals). The second phase started construction in September 2020.
Originally planned for q3 in 2022, the actual progress was higher than expected, and it was already in operation in March 2022. The Kamoa copper mine is currently in a state of re-engineering, with production expected to take place one year later, with two underground mines in the Camoa 1 and Camoa 2 regions.
The mountain, together with the first ramp in the Qakurasi region, will be accompanied by the construction of 5 million tons of new mining plants. With the third phase of production, the Kamoa copper mine will have 14 million tons of primary mining capacity and 600,000 tons of copper-containing metals.
The three-phase extension will use clean and environmentally sound hydropower. As part of the expansion, the two-phase cooperation project in the Kamua copper industry is expected to increase.
178 megawatts of renewable hydropower to provide a stable historical background for the Kamoa-Cacura copper mining complex, with the company holding the majority interest in the Kamoa-Cacura mining complex, located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, for the Eiffonau mine
(ivanhole) Co-owned copper mines with the purple gold mining industry. Used to be rated the world’s fourth largest copper deposits by the International Mining Advisory Corporation (Woodmckenzie). The copper mine started production in May 2021 and the copper mine started selling in July of the same year. Copper in 2021.
In December 2015, the Eiffenhow Mining Company sold 49.5 per cent of Kamoa Holdings to the Purple Mining Company, owned by Kamoa Holdings.
So Eiffonhow and Purple Gold have an indirect interest of 39.6% in the Kamo A Mine. The same thing is true of the Eiffenhow Mining 13.67%, so the company owns 45% of the Kamua-Cacura copper mine.
The company's major mineral metals are growing rapidly and its contribution to growth has accelerated, with 2022q1 mineral copper, mineral gold production of 194,000 tons and copper and gold, respectively, continuing to climb and expand, and will continue to contribute to growth in the future.
Moa II was brought into early production and technology expansion; the Vk mine at Bor copper mine was added to tons: the North Norton gold field binduli project for the disposal of 5 million tons of low-grade ore in the year ahead is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2022, bringing about an additional 2.5 tons of mineral gold in the post-partum period.
Many mineral research and development collapses will have the potential to expand production. 1) The risk of significant price reductions for products; 2) the expansion of copper mines and their expected reptiles; 3) the political risk of mining overseas; and 4) the systemic risk of large-scale mining.
The new energy group for electricity equipment presents the strategy and six years of research experience on new energy sources, reflecting my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.