On May 5, 2022, Eiffon Hole announced a plan for the build-up of the Kamua-Cacura copper mine.
\triangleright rows. By the fourth quarter of 2024, the company expects to increase the total capacity of the project after the third expansion of the Kamua-Cacura copper mine to about 600,000 tons of copper/year, making the Kamua copper industry the third largest copper mine in the world and Africa.
The project is progressing beyond expectations, with the third stage of expansion being delivered after delivery, and the third largest copper mine in the world.1 \triangleright, the first phase of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, 3.8 million tonnes per year, started copper concentrate production at the end of May 2021.
Almost one year into normal operation, a two-phase 3.8 million tonnes/year plant was put into production early in March 2022, and in 2022, the Kamoa copper mineral volume will be close to the production guideline cap of 340,000 tonnes of copper metal. The second phase is currently being expanded and is expected to start production in the second quarter of 2023. The total design capacity of the post-natal and second-phase plant will be enhanced.
By 9.2 million tonnes/year, the total annual production of copper is expected to exceed 450,000 tonnes. 2 Kamoa-Cacura 3 phases will include two new underground mines in the Karmoa 1 and Kamoa 2 districts, as well as the construction of the first ramp in the Qaculasi region. The new plant for the disposal of 5 million tonnes of minerals in the year will be built near two new mines in Kamoa.
The pre-feasibility study for the extension project is progressing well and is expected to be released in the second half of 2022. The three extensions are expected to be officially launched by the end of 2024. After the completion of the three phases, the total ore disposal in the Kamoa copper industry will exceed 14 million tonnes/year, and the total copper metal production will reach 600,000 tonnes/year, leaping to third in the world and to Africa.
The three-phase expansion will also include a smelter with a design capacity of 500,000 tonnes/year, which is expected to become a global \triangleright.
One of the largest single series of copper smelting plants, and the largest copper smelting plant in Africa.
Relin is responsible for basic engineering. After the smelter's delivery, it is expected that Camoa-Cacura will produce extra-coded energy metals per pound of copper, and that the high-quality Salt Lake will be followed by more than half of the total transport, mainly due to a significant reduction in logistics costs, and a more favourable export tax.
Review: Three copper mining clusters opened, performance was “excellent” 3. Purple gold mining (601899.sh) 2021 Annual Report: “open door red” to achieve strategic objectives, looking forward to three coppers
The copper plate, the three world-class copper mines, will contribute to the expansion of the mining cluster in 2022, with a significant increase in the value of copper (including taxes) at $66,000 per ton and $400 per ton, according to our calculations.
4. Vulture mining announcement: Kamoa upgrade, assuming that the Kamoackula, Timok and dragon copper mines will contribute to the mother ' s net profit in 2022, the fourth largest copper mine in the ball.
Three hundred and seventy million yuan, 5.39 billion yuan, and 1.66 billion yuan. The gold plate, the re-production of the Pogra gold mine, is imminent, with a projected future advance assessment of the 2021 performance of the violet mine: copper gold production Gra contribution to the company ' s equity mineral production of about 4 tons. In addition, more than 2022 years of project technology improvements are expected to take place.
An annual production of 12 tons of gold to complete annual production planning. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies or Davis double-clicking on performance and valuation, major product copper \triangleright
In 2022, the production guidelines for the gold and zinc lead increased significantly compared to those for 2021, with the prospect of keeping the price of copper high, and we keep looking at the company's alpha logic. We maintain the company's profit forecast that the company is expected to achieve a net return of 27.4 billion yuan, 31.6 billion yuan, and 32.4 billion yuan in 2022-2024.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.