In the first quarter of 2022, UV mining (601899.sh) reported a high growth in the volume of core minerals, with a surge in copper sales, non-ferrous and industrial metals.
Realization of net return to the mother: $6,124 million, corresponding to +143.88 per cent, ring: +40.14 per cent; achievement of non-repatriation: enhanced performance resulting from the increase in the price of the core mineral product; production and sales: 2201 mineral gold production: 13.10 tons, corresponding to +17.19 per cent, sales of 13.73 tons, same value
Consistent with expectations, a good foundation is laid for attaining the year’s goals. In the company’s 2021 annual report, the commodity landscape is high, and sales of core minerals are expected to continue to grow rapidly. The company’s deployment at the end of its resources has been painstakingly built in recent years, overcoming multiple challenges such as the epidemic, and it has achieved a number of major flags.
The ship’s projects are expected to be fully operational, and the core minerals are at a stage where the prices of metals are at an all-time high, and performance is expected to increase in an explosive fashion. The company’s net return in 2021 is expected to grow significantly on this basis.
The company's strategy has been extended, with a positive deployment of the new energy-based materials industry that has been generated by the “double carbon” policy. The year 2021 was a crucial year for the company to achieve strategic expansion, with the merger and purchase of Argentina's world-class high-grade 30 lithium salt lake project, officially entering the new energy metal track. The 30 lithium salt lake project produced 20,000 tons of batteries a year.
The titanium carbonate phase-out project has been initiated and is expected to be completed by the end of 2023; the second phase of the project feasibility study will be carried out in parallel this year and work will begin in 2023 to expand the annual capacity of lithium carbonate.
The Annual Review of the Purple Minerals (601899.sh): the sale of core minerals in the weather cycle to 460,000 tons. We believe that the company has achieved a strategic extension in 2021 and that it will be expected in 2022.
A key year for the company’s breakthrough in the new energy source of lithium electricity, opening up new growth space. UVM-601899-2021 Quarterly Review: Net profits continue to exceed expectations, with UVM-601899-2021 semi-annual report: Net profits slightly overpredicted
Investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The internationalization process is accelerating, with a strategic expansion of the new energy new materials industry, with a clear medium- and long-term growth path, promising to become a global super-first-class international mining company and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Realization of net parent profit of $6.124 billion, corresponding to +143.88 per cent, ring to +40.14 per cent, and performance gains resulting from higher value of mineral products excluding non-mother ' s net profit. Figure 2: Net corporate return profit and speed of increase (in billions, per cent)
In terms of sales volume: 22q1 mineral gold production, 13.10 tons, equal to +17.19 per cent, sold to 13.73 tons, same ton, inclusive of Kamoa equity, +63.42 per cent; mineral zinc production, 1082 million tons, same to +12.38 per cent, and company sales of 2201 core minerals, on the whole, met expectations and provided a good basis for attaining the year-round target.
860,000 tons of mineral copper, +47.21 per cent of the same year; 480,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), +10.50 per cent of the same year; unit price and cost of core mineral products: 22q1 mineral gold units at 350.20 yuan/g, €10,000/tonne, +10.92 per cent of the same year; unit cost at $18.3 million/t, +449 per cent of the same year; mineral zinc unit sales price
After the removal of refined and processed products, the Māori rate for minerals was 61.12 per cent, an increase of 3.87 percentage points over the same period. Figure 5: Prices, costs, Māori ($/g) for company mineral gold units, Figure 6: Prices, costs, Māori ($/t) for company mineral copper units
Figure 7: Cost split of company mineral copper unit sales (RM/t) Figure 8: Change in Māori ratio of company core minerals, 4.16 percentage points lower than 20.95 per cent in 2021, which we believe is mainly due to Serbian apparel
The company’s tax on tax revenue is lower for the company that owns the gold mines and the Tibetan dragon mines, and the two copper mines have been released, further reducing the company’s overall tax on income tax. The company’s strategy has been extended, with the new energy-generating materials industry generated by the “doubt carbon” policy being actively deployed.
We consider 2021 to be a crucial year for the strategic extension of the company, with a rapid increase in the production of gold, copper and zinc mines, in addition to the pre-existing advantage, officially entering the new energy metal track with the acquisition and acquisition of the Congolese Kamoa-Kacura copper mine, the Serbian copper gold mine in Pej and the Tibetan lithium salt lake project.
On October 8, 2021, Toronto, Canada, the company signed an Arrangement Agreement with the Canadian Stock Exchange listed company, Neo Lithiumcorp. New Lithium, which will buy all of the issuing and circulating ordinary lithium companies in cash at a price of $6.5 per share through a fully-owned company incorporated in Canada.
The core assets of the New Lithium Company are the Trisquebradassalar ("3q") lithium salt lake project in the department of Catamarca (catamarca) in the north-western part of Argentina, which is resource-rich, high grade, low impurities, well developed and has a greater potential for expansion.
The company Liexs.a. holds the full capital of the 3q project. 30. The project has 13 mining rights. The mine rights cover a total of 353 square kilometres. The entire salt lake surface and halogen lake.
The application for an environmental assessment licence for the mining phase was submitted in April of that year and has now been approved.In 2015 to date, 30 projects have completed initial surveys and three full rounds of exploration to assess the potential of the lithium resource development of the halo-water deposits.30 The lithium salt lake project is a combination of halogenide between evaporated crystals and the crack hole.
The company has formed a major management and technical team for the 30-project, which has been launched after the completion of the project.
Construction. Phase I of the project will design the production of 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2023; the project uses sedimentation as the main line process, which is simple, low energy consumption, low production costs, and is more reliable in the salt lakes surrounding the project.
Designed to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year on the basis of minimal financing, the Advisory Body undertook a preliminary study of the project's expansion conditions, using evaporation techniques, with the potential to produce 40,000-60,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year in salt lakes, and the company will fully intensify its technical research on the expansion of production on the basis of a first phase of work, and will submit a technology expansion programme in time to complete the relevant certification.
In addition, in its 2021 annual report, the company stressed that it would make a major contribution to the rapid transformation of resource advantages into economic and social benefits, to the acceleration of the construction of the 3q Lithium Salt Lake heavy-pound project in Argentina, and to the promotion of electrolysis of copper and phosphate.
Investment projects such as lithium, hydrogen, etc., have increased and created synergies. We believe that the company has achieved a strategic extension in 2021, and that 2022 is expected to be a crucial year for the company to make a breakthrough in its new energy materials for lithium, and that the process of transformation is accelerating, with a strategic extension of the new energy industry, with a clear medium- and long-term growth path.
In the future, it is expected to join the world’s top-class international mining industry and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author