Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metals industry, with an increase in the value of major minerals and metals, and company performance
Investment events: company reports published in the first quarter of 2022 and company revenues in the first quarter of 2022 amounted to $6,471 million, an increase of 36.35 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to listed company shareholders increased in volume of gold and copper, cost control stabilized, and profits went up the stairs with Serbian copper.
The production of the company’s main mineral varieties has continued to grow. During the reporting period, the company’s performance in increasing the price of the 13100 mineral varieties, combined with its cost control, resulted in the consolidation of companies during the reporting period.
The Māori rate rose from 2.36 percentage points to 17.32 percentage points with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori rate with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māori with the Māte with the Māori with the M.
Completion of production and planned upgrading of the original design production capacity from 7.6 million tons to 9.2 million tons through one year of technological change, resulting in the production of more than 450,000 tons of copper per year, making it the fourth largest copper mine in the world; and implementation of the 40,000 tons copper vk mine/Technics project, expected to take place in 2022q2, resulting in the addition of mineral copper production after the birth of the child
About 35,000 tons; the first phase of the domestic dragon copper mine was launched in December 2021, and pre-construction work is being planned for the second phase. For gold mining, the 5 million tons of old minerals in the North of Norton goldfield are expected to be produced in 2022q3 and will produce new mineral gold after delivery.
The construction of the Norton Gold Field Hard-to-Treat Gold Project began in late 2022 and it was built into production: the construction of 6,000 tonnes of Sanxi Purple/Japan Mine Smart Selection Project is expected to be completed in 2022q2, resulting in production of 3-4 tonnes of new mineral gold after delivery.
The company's first lithium mining project, Lithium 3q Salt Lake Argentina, was officially launched, with an electricity phase of 20,000 tons of lithium tank-grade carbonate, expected to be operational by the end of 2023, while the company will continue to optimize its industrial design programme, and the rate of lithium recovery and production are expected to increase further; the company will continue to do so simultaneously.
The feasibility study for the Guernsey Lake 30 Salt Lake II project, which will be expanded as soon as possible. In addition, a large number of major projects, such as the core mining project for the fall of the mine in the lower part of the Sevetine Pej gold mine, the Sevetex jm mine collapse project, and the Oro Lading phase, are well under way.
Investment proposals: The company’s many world-class mining projects are well under way, the energy supercharges metal prices rise and drive companies to record high levels in the first quarter of the year. The company is still stockpiling multiple priorities. Mining projects are being developed, and future gold and copper volumes will increase decisively and strategically.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.