Larged shares (600160) — pvdc anti-dumping preliminary award benefits domestic enterprises up to 52 weeks/minimum price ($)
On 3 March 2016, Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) formally filed an application for an anti-dumping investigation on behalf of the domestic dichloroethylene-vinyl chloride co-aggregate (pvdc) industry with the Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as “the Ministry of Commerce” or “the investigating authority”) for the original product.
On April 20, 2016, the Ministry of Commerce issued a filing notice. On January 19, 2017, the Ministry of Commerce issued a preliminary decision notice that initially determined the entry of Japanese origin.
Dichloroethylene-VCM (pvdc) has been dumped, substantial damage has been caused to the domestic dichloroethylene-VCM (pvdc) industry, and there is a causal relationship between dumping and material damage.
The investigating authority decided to apply interim anti-dumping measures in the form of a bond. Effective January 20, 2017, when importing Japanese-origin dichloroethylene-vinyl chloride (VCM)-combined resins, the importing operator shall provide the customs authorities of the People's Republic of China with the dumping margin of the companies determined in accordance with this initial decision.
The bond is calculated in such a way as: the amount of the bond = (customs-approved customs tariff rate x rate of collection of the bond) x 1 + value added tax rate on the import chain) to maintain the “buy-in” rating: the initial anti-dumping decision required a bond from pvdc, Japan
Corporate Research Report - Giant Shares (600160): Fluorinated Industries Quality Platforms, pvdc, E-Chemicals Released.
This success of anti-dumping will benefit domestic firms in competition and will greatly assist domestic import substitution of pvdc products, which will be long-term for domestic Pvdc producers.
This success in anti-dumping has contributed to the further release of the company's capacity.
The company's performance has helped.
The market for e-chemicals is not as popular as expected.
The Ministry of Commerce issued a preliminary decision bulletin, in which it was prima facie determined that the imported dichloroethylene-vinyl chloride (VCM) resin (pvdc) originating in Japan was dumped, that the domestic dichloroethylene-vinyl chloride (VCM) resin industry suffered substantial damage, and that there was a causal link between dumping and the material damage, and that the Japanese enterprises concerned were required to pay a bond to cover it.
The credit ratio is 47.1%. The chlor-alkali section is now the third largest in the world in terms of corporate capacity, planning capacity, and this successful anti-dumping process will facilitate further release of corporate capacity.
The Department’s performance has improved considerably. With the gradual increase in the national production rate of pvdc and the increase in domestic downstream consumption, the area of consumption of pvdc will continue to grow and will remain at more than 50% of China’s total production of similar products over the same period, with a nominal capacity of 38,000 tons (2.8%).
Tens of thousands + 5 kt lactose + 5 kt co-crowding) in the top of the domestic industry, third in the world, with a future Pvdc production capacity of 100 kt/a, which will enrich the company’s pvdc variety, expand product applications, and create good economic benefits for the company in the future. This anti-dumping success will benefit domestic firms.
Competing with competition, it would be helpful for domestic import substitution of pvdc products, and for domestic high-quality platforms for pvdc, 2. Fluorine, leading to refrigerant taps. From 2013 onwards, the domestic production of a quota of r22 for refrigerant-producing uses began to phase out the second generation of refrigerants, which is now the third generation of refrigerants.
The hfcs are controlled by arrows, the company owns r134a, r125, r32 production capacity of 60,000 tonnes, t40000, r32 tonnes per year, and the total production capacity is at the forefront of the country, of which r134a is the global leader, and the blending of small packagings is the country's top priority, once hfcs
Controlled, and even quotaed production like r22, companies will benefit greatly from price increases, so focus on policy orientation. Fluorinated polymers are expanding to new varieties, new uses, high-end, and this year they are starting to make profits and move into a dynamic phase, changing demand.
3. The strong construction of domestic 12-inch crystallized mills as a result of industrial transfers in the coming years will result in a significant increase in domestic demand for wet electronic chemicals and gases, and national production will inevitably provide significant opportunities for local enterprises.
The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kei San Corporation, has set itself up in the area of wet e-chemicals, and Borret electronics has entered the field of electro-temperatures, and will certainly benefit in the future from the transfer of the integrated circuit industry to the country.
The credit rating system for securities in the yuan: