We continue to watch the China Air - China Air December 17th.
Corporate combined passenger turnover has risen by the same year and by the same ring. Passenger power input has risen by 9.4 per cent over the same year, passenger week by 10.6 per cent over the same year, domestic passenger capacity by 6.5 per cent over the same year, passenger turnover by the same year, overall capacity growth has slowed somewhat, and demand has increased significantly over the same year.
\triangleright insiderpk grew 7.2% over the year, dropping 4.7pct over the same year, falling 2.1pc over the ring, increasing international rpk speed, adding international routes with good performance, and increasing domestic and international passenger rates on average.
\triangleright, December 17, with 80.3%, 81.5%, 78.3%, 0.5%, 0.9%, 0.9pt, respectively. The international line passenger rate has been rising by the same year, indicating the depth of the addition.
Shenzhen-Loss, Beijing-Brisbane, and two Thai-directed air travels were in high demand. In January-December 17 years, the overall, domestic, and international occupancy rates were 81.1%, 83.0%, 78.3%, a change of 0.4%, 0.2%, and 0.5pt, respectively.
The supply and demand structure of China’s civil aviation industry will continue to improve under the new regulations of the Civil Aviation Authority, which control the total volume and regulate the structure of the civil aviation sector. China’s total fleet of national flights has been less affected by supply-side reforms, with a clear advantage in the network of routes; in addition, the new announced market-based route range has been expanded, with one-way flights and one- or two-line flights taking a higher share of China’s air traffic.
The main benefits will be to maintain a steady and steady rise in the number of seats, and open up the space for higher fares. We look forward to China's navigation, 1. "Aviation plate: supply and demand grab, double-priced " , 2018008.
Aviation safety risk: economic cycle risk: risk of oil price fluctuations: risk of exchange rate fluctuations: risk of policy change. Corporate financial statement data projections summary. Fund Department, June 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.