It's a high-tech company that specializes in military defense and high-end manufacturing.
China PV is a small core asset in the military industry and has a lot of fans. Although the market is for techno-business, the company’s products are widely applied to aerospace and the military, its performance growth, the profitability of new-energy automobile operations, value-added tax matters, etc., are somewhat divisive.
Areas of interest, communications networks and data centres, orbital traffic, new energy vehicles, electricity, oil equipment, medical equipment and smart equipment, etc., are high-end civilian manufacturing.
All right, the recent road show feels like there's some sort of disagreement about PV, for example, that it can't increase under the current valuation. How much can it increase? What is the main driving force that will determine the company's share price in the future? What do we try to solve, what is the main purchase of PV in the agency's configuration?
As a super-cow stock in the military history of China, stock prices have increased by more than 700 per cent since they were marketed in 2007, and we have previously redacted the main driving force of the historical share price performance of light power, and institutions are equipped with medium photovoltaics, mainly for four features unique to the company:
First, sustained robust performance growth and high-roe are the core variables that determine the value of the company’s shares. Regardless of the “core asset” era (with emphasis on certainty), high-roe and high-profit growth are the core factors of good stock scales, and China’s annual revenues and net profits have been rising since it was listed.
Second, it is important to focus on the main business, to focus on one thing. All business in the company is connected.
The core of this expansion, both horizontally and vertically, does not develop a dual or new business, as some companies do, focusing on one thing to make the company more aware of the future direction of the industry and of its customers. Thirdly, there is a clear advantage in the combination of the civil and military, with the potential for sustainable growth offered by the larger market for people’s goods.
In the case of UDPS, the technical characteristics of the product are the first and the user nature the second. That is, the business is more focused on the product itself, as to whether the customer buys it for military or civilian purposes.
Fourth, the winner-take-all situation will continue. Industry leaders have the greatest advantage in terms of the sustainability of revenues (or orders) and market competition for products (with certain pricing rights), and companies are still expected to increase their market share in the future.
Figure 1: Comparison of stock prices since the company went on the market, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the valuation of which is an art, with Chinese PV history about 29-44 times the value of peband, which is now roughly 36 times the value based on 19-year profit projections.
First, core assets enjoy a higher premium, and the Matthews effect will accelerate. The core assets are at the forefront of the industry with core competitiveness. Both traditional manufacturing, consumer, and emerging industries can find the same core assets.
Second, companies’ future business climates are at an upswing stage, and they can gradually absorb higher valuations as they grow. Although, as stock prices rise, companies do show up.
In terms of military industry, next year, in the final year of the 13th century, military orders and revenues will probably only increase at a much better rate than this year; in terms of new energy vehicles, the Māori rate of company new energy automobiles has fallen considerably over the past 2-3 years, and, to be glad, the company has done well this year in terms of penetration of several of the major mainstream cars.
For example, upper gas, catl, and so on, the Māori rate of new-energy automobiles has not only stabilized but also slightly increased; in communications, the value of the 5g-related connectors and components is significantly higher than 4g as a Chinese gold medal supplier, while in communications, the company has already started to develop and test 5g-related products well in advance, and next year ' s Māori-related production and rates are much better than you thought.
Figure 1: China Photovoltaic peband, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
There are many investors who are concerned about whether buying and holding Chinese photovoltaics now means that there is little room for upswing, low value for money, and how to look at it. First, it's determined that what you buy at this point in time is money for performance growth, and that there is money for valuation upscaling when there is a switch or high market risk increase. First, it is possible to earn money for companies to grow up every year.
Growth will also yield considerable gains; secondly, valuations based on 2020 performance projections are about 29 times higher, and four-quarter valuation swaps offer opportunities to improve valuations. Moreover, historically, corporate stock-price performance and electronics and communications are becoming increasingly relevant, often at a time of high market risk preferences, companies will benefit from an increase in the value of science-based industries, such as military engineering, electricity, communications, etc.
Second, allocation needs to take into account both the preference for incremental capital, where value investments are being mainstreamed, and companies will not appear as moths. If 2015 is used as a time period, everyone will be educated. The current market is being financed more by rational foreign investment or by domestic long-term financing (domestic finance, risk management, old-age, etc.), and the concepts of certainty and value investment will become more visible in the future as the size and depth of foreign investment increases.
“Safe growth” can be achieved, and the country’s medium- and long-term financial attention to the potential risks of listed companies has reached an unprecedented level. The properties of PV in China are able to keep up, and there are few moths, which are well suited to future increases. Figure 4: shares of free circulation capital (%)
In the short term, what happens to the three-quarters? Did the negative effects of debt swaps be eliminated?
Second, the foreclosure period has been gradually released, focusing on the rare short-term opportunities for uplifting. “PVC” stopped trading on October 16, 2019. After “PVC” stopped trading, all bondholders could still apply for conversion before the market was collected on October 29, 2019.
The amount is 2,045.2 million shares, leaving a balance of 668 million yuan (6,68.47 million units). According to our calculations, the company has 13 million transhipments with a face value of 100 dollars, which are either released or are about to usher in an unattainable short-term configuration window.
From the source of the financial boom in the East, the East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's 002179 event was evaluated: can China's PV still be bought?
At this point in time, we believe that, as the military industry and the 5g business climate rise, companies will maintain high performance growth over the next few years, while, as a few core assets in the military industry, companies will continue to enjoy valuation premiums with certainty. It is recommended that investors that have been deployed be patient in holding shares, and that those that have not been deployed choose to get in the car. (In particular, weapons and equipment delivery progresses faster than expected, value added tax impacts are higher than expected, and military goods pricing reforms are higher than expected.)
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
A Bachelor of Arts from the Central University of Finance and Finance, a Master of Science from the Hong Kong University of Technology, has six years of experience in securities, and has served as head of the Chinese and Great Wall Securities Corps, 2017 as a researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
From the source of the financial boom in the East, the East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's 002179 event was evaluated: can China's PV still be bought?
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.