On April 27, 2017, the power cell capacity climbed the slope and released $570 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 47.8 per cent in the same year.
Net profits amounted to $54 million, an increase of 42.8 per cent over the same period, which is basically in line with market expectations. The company collected $570 million in a single season, an increase of 47.8 per cent over the same period; the operating profits of $74 million were realized.
Battery camps received $189 million, an increase of 132 per cent, and electronic smoke generated $191 million, an increase of 46 per cent. Lithium primary batteries seized high-speed market opportunities such as shared bicycles, e-Call, and maintained steady growth.
Readjustment impacts, limited demand, and we judge that, with local government subsidies, free purchase catalogues, etc., the volume of new energy cars will continue to improve significantly in the second quarter, while companies will be able to benefit from the gradual upswing in productivity and the expansion of their customers, and the volume will increase rapidly.
The 7 per cent shareholding has not been transferred and continues to be aligned with the benefits of the Odm operation and its own branding expansion, maintaining a higher rate of growth.
The reason for this is higher revenues from the company's lithium battery, which is a relatively low rate of gross margins compared to the high gross liquid battery market value (millions or more) interest rate (more than 35 per cent) compared to that of the company's lithium battery.
The level of the company ' s overall Māori rate is affected. In terms of cost rates, the cost of the company ' s management fees increased during the first quarter, construction inputs increased, financial needs increased and borrowing increased. 200 million more than at the beginning of the year. The company ' s inventory at the end of the reporting period was 650 million, up from the beginning of the year.
The accounts receivable of 880 million, an increase of 7.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, represent an increase of 55 million. 830 million company advances were made at the end of the reporting period, an increase of 200 million compared to the beginning of the year.
Lithium Power next to City 2017-01-09 The price of materials upstream of the lithium battery skyrocketed, and the company locked prices in the form of advance payments, corresponding to the " 70% rise of the same year " .
In terms of cash flow, the company operates a battery outbreak to help fly. 2016-10-25.
Net cash flow from investment activities is 570 million; the company obtains funds through borrowing to finance lithium batteries and electronic smoke, which are expected to sustain high growth. The company is now in shape to produce 2.5 gwhithium phosphate batteries, 1 gwh III battery.
Yes, an additional 2.5 gwh capacity has been put into the installation and commissioning phase, which will bring the total capacity to 6 gwh by the end of the second quarter, while the company is building a 1 gwh soft stack battery to locate the passenger vehicle market.
In September of this year, production will be launched, while a further 2gwh capacity is planned to be completed by the end of the year, with the company’s lithium capacity reaching 9gwh by the end of the year.
With regard to electronic smoke, the company will complete a 7% equity transfer in McVell in the second quarter, when the company will be able to make a difference.
It will also hold 40.7 per cent of equity, maintaining a high growth rate of 46 per cent during the quarter of McVeil, and is expected to benefit from the growth of its brand-owned e-smoking and odm operations this year, contributing substantial investment returns to companies.
▪ Investment proposal: the original profit forecast is basically maintained and the company East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, has a portfolio investment advisory committee