Global mdi, tdi production intensive repairs, prices or rebounds. Since July, several companies, including Huanhua Chemical, Kostov and Bastov, have declared their installations deactivated, with a cumulative output of 1.1 million tons/year (12.4 per cent of global total capacity), and 810,000 tons of tdi production capacity.
Tons/year (24.3 per cent of total global output). Global mdi, tdi overhaul and force majeure frequency \triangleright
On 1 July, the mdi plant at the Man-Woy Smoke Station (600,000 tonnes/year) and the tdi installation (300,000 shares (million shares) tons/year) were suspended for approximately 45 days. The device and the tdi are expected to be repaired.
The unit ton cost of the device is a major leader, with more productive and profitable space. On July 22, the Kostov Germany mdi device (200,000 tonnes/year) was shut down, and force majeure was declared against Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, mainly due to mechanical malfunctions caused by leaks in the production system.
The stock price of the company compared to the trend of 300 in depth will delay the inventory of mdi, which was scheduled to be produced prior to the review in August, and cannot be recovered at this time. 2020h1, the single ton cost of the Coth created German mdi device is approximately $14,300 per ton.
On 24 July, Basf confirmed that the company's plant in Gaesma, Louisiana, was experiencing force majeure.
In August, two sets of tdi devices (a total of 100,000 tonnes/year) were scheduled for parking repairs, with a limited supply for July, at a cost of approximately $9,500/ton per ton per plant for 2020h1.
The tdi device (250,000 tonnes/year) will begin on August 8, 2020, with a projected 40-day overhaul, and the domestic price of mdi and tdi is expected to rebound to a reasonable price range.
The \triangleright malfunction and overhaul caused the global market of mdi and tdi to return to a tight balance between supply and demand. From 2020 to the present day, China’s aggregate mdi is valued at $10,600 per ton (tax deduction) and its net mdi is valued at $12,773 per ton.
US$/t$8923/tonne for net mdi exports of US$ 1729/tonne (12120/tonne) and tdi exports of US$ 1302/tonne (9127/tonne). As a result of the epidemic, demand in the polyurethane sector contracted considerably, and surplus supply led to a decline in mdi and tdi prices with the epidemic.
Demand rebounds and supply contractions due to mitigation, prices of polyurethane-related products, or rebounds.mdi: traditional mdi demand booms in the second half of the year, combined with repairs to many corporate installations around the world, supply limits, export orders for foreign trade or in the second half of the year, as the later outbreak gradually improves.
As far as domestic policy is concerned, domestic policies are expected to boost rural consumption, taking over the industrial pole 2020.07.23.
Downstream markets are likely to turn up the demand. In a balance between supply and demand, we, the China-Ann Chemicals, have a standard upgrade series II: National plastic restraint followed by tdi: as automobile factories begin to recommence, and the market for furniture and bedding.
Demand has gradually returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and demand for tdi has begun to rise from its low point in May. In addition, several companies have announced a cut-off programme and reduced market supply, resulting in higher prices.
More than 24% of the world’s supply is shrinking, and our Chinese chemical industry is expected to regress in the second half of the year, with a reasonable price range of about 9,100-11500 ton. As a result of the epidemic, Kostov and Tods are in trouble.
\triangleright Coth created a decline in all business block sales in the second quarter of 2020. In June, the pre-discount depreciation profit (ebitda) was 125 million euros due to accelerated recovery of demand.
As a result of the decline in total sales and average sales prices, sales fell by 38.7% to 913 million euros and ebitda to 24 million euros.
In response, the company collected $8,354 million in the second quarter, a 24.2 per cent decline over the same period; a net loss of $225 million, compared with a net profit of $75 million in the same period last year.
It will further reduce costs by 6% of the world’s workforce, or about 2,200 people. Toyoshi will make a further step toward reducing operating costs by $500 million. Project delivery is not as fast as expected: M&As have failed to deliver their promised performance: product prices have surged.
Momentum; large fluctuations in oil prices; risks of installation of force majeure; risks of recurrent outbreaks.
Time test. The company collected only $570 million in 2001 and $210 million in Māori; by 2018, the public administration had collected $72.8 billion, Māori had reached $26.3 billion, Māori had achieved a compound annual growth rate of 33.0 per cent and Māori had achieved an annual compound growth rate of 32.9 per cent. The company ' s overall Māori rate and net interest rates had been maintained, respectively.
Since then, the company's profitability has declined as a result of falling product prices. In 2019, the company had a change in the net profit of its parent figure 3.
The company’s diversity is beginning to manifest itself in performance and profit structure. The company’s petrochemical series started to split into a separate series of revenue profits in 2015, while the new material series started to break into a separate series of revenue profits in 2016.
Performance growth points have improved risk resistance. Since 2017, the Māori rate for all three major business plates of the company has declined as the industry has decreased, with 41% Māori for PUR in 2019, and the peacock.
The company has been in good business since it was listed, with the cash flow of business activities being mostly positive, with a net present ratio higher than the industry average; inventory turnover days are generally within 70 days, with excellent operating capacity; and asset-liability ratios are high.
At a reasonable level; three costs were relatively stable, with management costs showing a downward overall trend and managerial excellence. In 2019, the net cash flow from corporate operations was $25,933 million, an increase of 13.36 per cent; net present is better than $245 for profit quality; inventory turnover days are 60.2 days, the lowest value in nearly five years;
Low, 57.9 per cent (+4 percentage points for the same year), normal sales, significant increases in the production of petrochemicals and new materials, Māori rates, net interest rates, and roe have all hit a new low in the quarter since they were marketed, but company operations are healthy, as the impact of the epidemic diminishes and the prices of products warm and the company’s profitability is expected to recover.
Figure 8 Net present-to-date changes in companies Figure 11 Three rates of cost changes in companies Roe and Roic
2. Recent intensive global mdi, tdi production and repair, prices. Since July 2020, global mdi, tdi repair and force majeure have been frequent, with cumulatively affected mdi capacity of 1.1 million tonnes/year (12.4% of global total capacity) and tdi capacity of 810,000 tonnes/year (% of global total capacity)
24.3%) On 1 July, the mdi plant (600,000 tonnes/year) and the tdi installation (300,000 tonnes/year) were suspended for approximately 45 days. The cost of the mdi unit and the tdi unit for the smoke station was a significant lead, with more productive and profitable space. On 22 July, Kostsi installed the mdi unit in Germany.
The shutdown (200,000 tonnes/year) resulted in the declaration of force majeure in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, mainly due to mechanical malfunctions in the production system due to a leak. The inventory of mdi, originally produced prior to the renovation plan in August, will be delayed and the recovery time is temporarily uncertain.
On July 24, Basfe confirmed that the company’s tdi (160,000 tonnes/year) plant in Gesma, Louisiana was experiencing force majeure. In August, two tdi devices (in total 100,000 tonnes/year) were scheduled for parking inspections, a limited supply in July, and a 2020h1 company installation.
The cost per ton is about $9,500 per ton. On July 28, the mdi device (300,000 tonnes/year) and the tdi device (250 thousand tonnes/year) of the company bc of the Van Hua Chemical Proclamation will begin on August 8th, 2020, with repairs expected to take about 40 days.
Domestic prices of mdi and tdi are expected to rebound to a reasonable price range. The failure and overhaul have led to a tight balance between supply and demand in the global market of mdi and tdi. From 2020 to date, the average price of China’s aggregate mdi is $10,600 per ton (tax deduction), the average price of pure mdi is $12773 per ton (tax deduction), and the average price of tdi is $9309 per ton (tax deduction).
(Tax) The average export price of polymer mdi is US$ 1273/tonne (US$ 8923/tonne), the average export price of pure mdi is US$ 1729/tonne (US$ 12120/tonne) and the average export price of tdi is US$ 1302/tonne (US$ 9127/tonne). As a result of the epidemic, demand in the polyurethane sector contracted and the supply surplus resulted in a decline in the prices of mdi and tdi.
The price of polyurethane-related products rebounds or rebounds as the demand rebounds and supply shrinks as the epidemic subsides. mdi: the second half of the year is the season of traditional mdi demand, combined with the overhaul of global multi-firm installations, the supply of goods is limited and, as the epidemic gradually improves, foreign trade export orders are released or released in the second half of the year.
In terms of internal policies, home- and electricity-downland policies are expected to drive up rural consumption, and the next downstream market is likely to be a turning point for rising demand. In a balance between supply and demand, we, the China-Ann chemical industry, are expected to rebound in terms of aggregate mdi prices to about tdi: as the car factory resumes production and the market demands furniture and bedding.
The demand for tdi has begun to rise from its low point in May, as it gradually recovers to pre-epidemiological levels. In addition, several companies have announced a cut-off programme, and market supply has declined, resulting in higher prices. Currently, while prices for tdi are above the industry cash cost, the capacity of the cut-off is over 24% worldwide, and supply has contracted significantly.
The Chinese chemical industry is expected to regress in the second half of the year at a reasonable price between $9100 and $11,500 per ton. Companies such as Kostov, Tods, etc. are in trouble as a result of the epidemic.
Business plate sales fell. In June, profit (ebitda) was Euro125 million before interest tax depreciation was amortized as a result of the accelerated recovery of demand. The PUR portfolio sales fell by 25.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis as a result of the epidemic, as well as major downstream customers. Sales fell by 38.7 per cent as a result of the decline in total sales and average sales prices.
To 913 million euros, the ebitda is reduced to 24 million euros. The Dow Chemical Program cuts 6% and withdraws from non-competitive assets to deal with the continuing impact of the new crown epidemic. The company collects $8,354 million in the second quarter, further reducing the cost of the measures by 6% of the global workforce, or about 2200 people.
There will be further reductions in operating costs of $500 million: project delivery is not as fast as expected; M & As projects have failed to meet their commitments; product prices have fluctuated significantly; oil prices have fluctuated significantly; the risk of installed force majeure; and the risk of recurring epidemics.
Appendices: The Company Financial Forecasting Table method, which uses legally compliant information and produces this report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.