The evolution from "product-oriented" to "client-oriented" chemistry is one of our long-standing priorities. We believe that the next wave of chemical industry depends on the competition of talent. The chemical industry has changed from a purely capital-intensive industry.
Talent-intensive industries, which are not able to go beyond capital, have become less cyclical in the chemical industry. With effective incentives, excellent management, and sustained innovation, good companies create unshakeable advantages and strike cities in the global market.
Our long-term boundaries are no longer confined to the boundaries of the extension of the industrial chain, and we believe that the boundaries of the future are the boundaries of talent. From this perspective, it is not difficult to understand the logic of the mega-silica, trinity material, degradable plastics, and cmp.
The emphasis on client orientation, optimization, and internal client service has evolved from a product-oriented approach to a talent-based and customer-oriented approach. In the future, China is expected to build a “multiple integrated” system of “production integration”, “brain integration” and “sale integration” with a growth perspective.
On August 20, the company announcement was reported in mid-2020.
By 2020h1, the company achieved a gross profit of $6,198 million, a decline of $3,712 million in the same year. On a single basis, the profits, affected by the outbreak and the collapse of oil prices, were severely frustrated. But, in detail, we found that Huanhua had been subjected to a counter-test under great external pressure in the first half of the year, reflecting the public opinion.
With regard to polyurethane plates, we in the HVA chemical industry have a huge cost advantage of mdi and tdi, which in almost a year has earned much of the profit per ton of polyurethane products from cost advantage over competitors, and a small part from market price fluctuations. Price volatility is therefore low.
The most important concern is the MUR plate. As a result of the epidemic and low oil prices (a short-term drop in oil prices clearly or affecting customers’ purchasing will), the demand for sub-urbation electricity, real estate and automobiles has been severely frustrated, even if there is a fast growth in thermostats of pigs that pull up the volume of mdi.
One of the Goldgrass Industry Series: Global Food Adding, which does not reverse the poor demand in the first half of the year. But we see that the Man-Word Polyurethane plate plus drug leader 2020.8.18.
Zhejiang Long Sein: The effects of the overseas epidemic continue, waiting for the first half of the year, with a 16.6% decline in average production in the area of downstream demand for polyurethane plates compared to the previous half of the year, with a reverse increase in the market share of the PUR product.
JacquesTechnology: The continued release of semiconductor materials, the main reason for which net sales are robust, is: 1) the proportion of products sold directly is high, and the marketing strategy is robust. For example, the direct sales ratio of the summdi is around 80% in all China, and almost 100% in all mdi.
"Wanhua Chemistry: Global mdi, tdi production skills, direct sales customers also promote production and sales strategies during the epidemic, and purchase volumes compared to distribution markets, stock checks, prices or rebounds" 2020.7.29.
The pattern of pre-targeting purchases by other straight-selling clients smooths short-term shocks; 2) " Hmong ammonia: the advantages of ammonium operations are stable, new materials, steep industrial energy cost curves provide greater bargaining space for all. On the one hand, Hmong offers more room for adjustment.
The low cost of materialization 2020.7.29 secures profits at low prices: on the other hand, some competitors are more costly, and one of the standard upgrading series: alternative market space
There are frequent accidents and a drop in the rate of productive activity. The corresponding market demand is absorbed by HDW; HD3 managed this year under the theme “Customer orientation year”, which is expected to increase the depth of customer service, dig for variation, customers (e.g. pig-column heating, cold-chain transport, etc.), thereby stabilizing the volume of polyurethane products delivered.
In the case of petrochemical plates, the most affected by the fall in oil prices was the production and sale of the most important products. In the first half of the year, the production of petrochemical products was 845,000 tons, a corresponding reduction of 6.40 million tons. As a result of higher volatility in oil and gas prices in the first half of the year, there was either a significant decline in production or a positive pattern of lpg trade.
In addition, Wanhua, together with Abu Dhabi State Oil, has set up a joint ship operation company to secure a stable supply of lpg raw materials.
With regard to the new material plate, it does not seem to have been affected much by the epidemic, with sales reaching 225,000 tons, an increase of 49,000 tons over last year. On the one hand, the new material market is blue for all.
On the other hand, the marketing model of the new materials business is closer to that of the customer, the wanhua-initiated customer-oriented strategy may help to open up customers and increase the volume of new material products. Meanwhile, wanhua continues to increase its investment in research and development, while reducing management and financial costs significantly.
Huanhua's research and development investment continues to increase, and the genes for innovation remain unchanged. In addition, Huanhua has increased its investment in the production capacity of new materials, with degradation plastics, trinity material, cmp, etc. in the first half of the year. Huanhua has also accelerated the production of new materials, 130,000 in June, pc2.
In the first half of the year, the company’s financial costs were $394 million, compared to the current period’s increase in borrowing and the issuance of short-term finance vouchers. The ratio is now 2.08 per cent, and the efficiency of its operations has improved. The company’s bills and accounts payable amounted to $16,411 million at the end of 2019.
By the amount of $4.235 billion, the decrease in receivables and the increase in coping points to the firm’s ability to control the production chain in a difficult situation. In contrast to Bastov, Kostov, and Tao, the main competitors in China, there were net losses in the first half of the year.
They saw the ability of all China to withstand the impact of changes in the market and external environment, the ability of all to maintain better profitability in a pattern of increased competition caused by shrinking demand, the determination of all China to reduce its efficiency, and the original intention of innovation. We saw the strength of all the others in the recovery of demand.
Global mdi and tdi repairs and force majeures have been frequent since July, and our report Global mdi and tdi intensive repairs, prices or rebounds, released on 28 July, details the supply.
On the other hand, mdi: the second half of the year was the season of traditional mdi demand, combined with the overhaul of many corporate installations around the world, the supply of the supply of the supply of the source limits, which was gradually improving with the later onset of the epidemic, with foreign trade export orders or in the second half of the year.
In terms of domestic policy, home and electricity policies are expected to boost rural consumption, followed by downstream markets, which are likely to be at a turning point in demand. In terms of supply and demand balance, we, the China-Ann Chemical tdi: as the car factory begins to recommence and the market returns to furniture and bedding.
Demand has gradually returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and demand for tdi has begun to rise from its low point in May. In addition, several companies have announced a cut-off programme and reduced market supply, resulting in higher prices.
More than 24% of the world, supply contraction is evident, and we in China's chemical industry expect a tdi price to rebound in the second half of the year, or a degree of rebound. The price range is between about 9,100 and 11,500 tons.
The Million tonnes of Great Ethylene project will be launched in 2020h2, increasing the production capacity of petrochemical products by nearly 3 million tons, including 1 million tonnes/Nyre, 400,000 tonnes/yearly PVC, 150,000 tonnes/year epoxy-ethane, 450,000 tonnes/year lldpe, 306.550,000/year epoxy-propylene/year
The level of company integration has been further enhanced by the alk/styrene device, the 50,000-ton/year-butadiene device and the accompanying auxiliary and utility engineering facilities, and we expect to contribute around $2.5 billion to the net profit centre of the Great Ethylene Phase I project, which is expected to be one of the major growth points for the next year and a half million Chinas.
Maintain a high level of investment in research and development and accelerate the deployment of new material plates \triangleright with more than $8.6 billion in additional investment in construction.
In addition, new products in the new layout include degradable plastics, large silicon tablets, tri-dollar materials, high-end polyfin hydrocarbons, nylon 12, spices, poe, integration.
Circuits, etc. Among them are nylons 12 (40,000 tons, 2,548 million yuan), pbat (60,000 tons, 360 million yuan), triad material (10,000 tons, 1.16 billion yuan), grinding fluids and cmpad grinding fluids (1.5-20 million tons, 600,000 pieces, 1.57 billion yuan).
Building and planning products are being developed, companies increase value added, diversify, and open up long-term growth space.
In 2020q2, Coth’s expected performance was severely affected, with a significant decline in the demand side of the core client industry. Corporate q2 sales fell by 22.7% on a year-on-year basis, of which sales in April were the most affected, but improved since mid-May.
At a time lag, sales in the emla (Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin America, except Mexico) and North America declined more than in the Asia-Pacific region during the reporting period. Thanks to the accelerated recovery of demand at the end of June, especially polycarbonate plates, the group q2ebitda was 125 million euros.
A 72.8 per cent decline in the same year, with a net profit of Euro52 million. 2020q2, Basff was affected by various embargo measures during the epidemic, resulting in a significant decline in performance. Sales amounted to Euro12,680 million, a 12.4 per cent decline in the same year; pre-tax profits amounted to Euro226 million, although
The company's net loss of Euro878 million and the cash flow generated by its operations amounted to Euro2.2 billion. 2020q2, the profitability of the business plates declined significantly.
The same-year decline was 24.2 per cent; the net loss was $225 million, compared with a net profit of $75 million for the same period last year. Of this, the packaging and special plastics sector ebit was $318 million, a decrease of $450 million, and the industrial intermediate and infrastructure operating sector ebit was $220 million, a decrease of the same amount.
Three hundred and seventy-four million dollars less; twenty-seven million dollars less, or 187 million dollars less, in the ebit in the energy materials and paints sector. As a response, Tao will further reduce costs and reduce the global workforce by about 6%.
In comparison with the chemical giants above, Huohua still maintains a good level of profitability, as can be seen from the risk of significant price fluctuations in products: the risk of large fluctuations in oil prices: the risk of installed force majeure; the risk of project construction being less than expected: the risk of ongoing effects of the epidemic.
On August 20, Manhua Chemistry published its semi-annual report 2020. According to the announcement, 2020h1 achieved a total of 30.907 billion yuan, a 2.00 per cent decline in the same year, and a 15.35 per cent decline in the ring; Māori 6,198 million, an increase in capital intensity; net present is 208, an increase of 0.67 per cent in the same year; inventory is improved;
The impact of the epidemic has led to difficulties for joint companies such as Kostov, Bassov and Tao.
In 2020q2, Coth’s expected performance was severely affected, with a significant decline in the demand side of the core client industry. Corporate q2 sales fell by 22.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the largest impact in April, but improved since mid-May.
Sales in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America (except Mexico) and North America fell more than in the Asia-Pacific region during the reporting period. As a result of the June demand end, especially the PCS plus 2020q2, Basve was affected by various embargo measures during the epidemic, the sales fell sharply.
For 12,680 million euros, a 12.4 per cent decline in the same year; pre-tax profits of 226 million euros, although higher than expected in the market, show a significant decline from 1902 million euros, mainly due to a similar decline in revenues in the areas of materials, surface treatment technologies, chemicals and industrial solutions operations. The net loss for companies was 878 million euros.
In 2002, there was a significant decline in the profitability of the business portfolios of the Tau Corporation, which received $8.4 billion, a 24.2 per cent decline compared to the previous year; the net loss was $225 million, compared to $75 million in the same period last year.
The packaging and special plastics sector ebit was $318 million, a decrease of $450 million in the same year; the industrial intermediate and infrastructure operating sector ebit was $220 million, a decrease of $374 million in the same year; and the sexual energy materials and coating sector ebit was $27 million, a decrease of $187 million in the same year.
Todo will further reduce the operating costs of $500 million. With the chemical giants above, Huohua remains at a very good level of profitability, as can be seen from the cost of the world.
Figure 3 Māori bi-annual evolution of Māori companies Figure 4 Māori quarterly evolution of Māori profits of Māori companies
Figure 5 Biannual changes in net profits attributable to the parent
Figure 9 Three cost per cent of the year, Figure 10 Three cost per year, Figure 13 Purchase of fixed assets, intangibles, payments for long-term assets
Figure 15 Net current-to-biannual changes in the stock turnover days of the company chart 17 Quarterly changes in the stock turnover days of the company chart 18
Changes in the number of days spent on inventory (% 4.73 percentage points). Compared to 19h1 and 19h2, the company ' s 20h1 polyurethane plate operations recorded a decrease of tons, or 5.86 per cent. The average price of 20h1 dung.mdi and polymer mdi was only $14.001 per annum, respectively.
4.56 per cent; 20h1 dtdi averaged only $10.569 d/tonne, a 24.18 per cent decline in the same year, with the ring falling to $13.704 d/tt (11.6 per cent), 11630 dt (-6.4 per cent) of q2 respectively: Tdi averaged from q1 to $100.98 d/tt (-8.5 per cent) of q2
However, as the impact of the global epidemic subsides, the force majeure of major production devices, both in and out of the country, and downstream demand continues to recover in the run-up to the market season, the prices of mdi and tdi products have gradually rebounded in the near future. The difference in prices has increased, and prices are expected to rebound over time.
Three quarters of corporate polyurethane profitability will be restored and polyurethane plates will gradually be back on track. 10,014 million yuan in petrochemical plate 2020h1, an increase of 38.61 per cent over the same period, 33.69 per cent over the same period, yielding 84.54 million tons, a decrease of 7.08 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the long shutdown of q2pdh installations
As a result of the repairs; sales amounted to 2.875 million tons, representing an increase of 91.65 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of increased trade, and the average prices of East China epoxypropanes, n-butylene, butyl esters, mtbe and 20h1 were significantly lower, respectively, at RMB 9032 per ton, RMB 5570 per ton, RMB 7789 per ton, RMB 4069 per ton, respectively.
Fossil plate profitability is more affected by the price impact. As the epidemic improves and oil prices stabilize, the petroplate business is expected to warm up. 27.86% over the 27.86% increase.
Operations will continue to maintain development corridors.
Toluene: tdi: tdi price difference:
Hard Bubble Polyether: Chinadong Soft Bubble Polyether: Chinadong propane: cfr Korea
Butane: cfr Korea mtbe: Chinadong epoxypropane: Chinadong
b. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. B. D.
New Ethol: Tpu: Domestic Biphenolsa: Washington
Pc price differential: Mma: Pmma: Domestic
pmma price difference: domestic hdi: domestic ipti:
Since July, several companies, such as Mandu Chemical, Kostov and Basff, have declared their installations to be deactivated, with cumulative production capacity of 1.1 million tonnes/year (12.4% of global total capacity) and 810,000 tonnes/year (%) of their capacity.
24.3 per cent of total global production capacity. As a result of the epidemic, demand in the polyurethane sector contracted considerably, supply surpluses led to a decline in mdi and tdi prices, and prices for polyurethane-related products as demand rebounded and supply contracted as the epidemic subsided
With respect to mdi: the second half of the year was a period of traditional mdi demand, combined with the overhaul of global installations, supply of supplies of supplies, with the later onset of the epidemic gradually improving, and foreign trade export orders or release them in the second half of the year. With regard to domestic policies, home and electricity policies are expected to boost rural consumption, followed by downstream markets.
In the balance between supply and demand, we at China's chemical industry expect polymer mdi prices tdi: demand for furniture and bedding is returning to pre-epidemiological levels, and demand for it has begun to rise from the low point in May.
A number of companies have announced a cut-off programme and reduced market supply, resulting in higher prices. At present, although the price of tdi is above the industry ' s cash cost, the cut-off capacity is over 24 per cent of the world ' s supply contraction, and it is clear that we, the Chinese chemical industry, expect a fall in prices of tdi or a certain amount of rebound in the second half of the year, at a reasonable price.
In March 2020, the company and Fujian Petroleum Industries Group Ltd. held 80% and 20% of the shares.
The joint venture set up the Van Faujiang Company Ltd. Van Hua Fukugi received 64% of the share in Jean Fukugi Cornell at 0, and will build 400,000 tonnes/year mdi and amphetamine support projects. Van Hua Fukugi acquired 250,000 tonnes/year and expanded it to 250,000 tonnes/year, and built 400,000 tonnes/year pvc projects to continue large-scale gasification projects.
Meanwhile, Wanhua Fujian cash acquired 49% of the share in southeast electrification (after stripping the tdi device and pvc assets), mainly in chlor-alkali and thermal power, providing raw materials, utility engineering support for the mdi and tdi projects, and will expand the burning capacity from the current 120,000 tonnes/year and 300,000 tonnes/year under construction to 600,000 tonnes/year.
The construction of the three main bases in the company will increase further, with better layout and penetration. The construction of the stations, Ningbo, and Fukuk will reinforce the company’s leading position in polyurethane and take over the country’s main markets. (3) Emphasis on technological innovation and the continuous development of new products.
The company has established a well-developed process-based R & D framework and project management mechanism, resulting in innovative R & D systems ranging from basic research, engineering development, process optimization to product application research and development, and has developed “National Polyurethane Engineering Research Centre” and “National Engineering Experiment for Polymer Surface Materials Preparation Technology”
In addition, the company's new Global Research and Development Headquarters was officially launched to develop an innovative environment and equip its research facilities with water.
The achievement of international excellence has provided conditions for companies to further attract high-end R & D talent. 2020h1, with respect to mdi innovation applications, companies have developed and tested successful an accelerator-free plywood auto-placing technology resolution programme; and, with regard to material solution development, they have introduced new multi-purpose adaptations,
New products such as modified pc, aqueous resins, tpu, etc., build up integrated and innovative technology solutions for a wide range of materials in the areas of automobiles, consumer electronics, etc. At the same time, firms accelerate their deployment in areas related to fine chemicals and new materials.
In 2020, the company put forward the “six talent” standard: passion, thought, heart, resilience, responsibility, performance, direction for corporate talent development, and empowerment of employees.
In June 2020, the University of Wanhua completed the unveiling ceremony. The University of Wanhua, with its “Ideal to act, cultural self-consciously” in close association with corporate culture, strategy, business, and the dissemination of culture, the sharing of practice, and innovative ideas.
The platform serves as an observational platform for the assessment and selection of talent, providing constant incentives for companies to develop and channel “six-person” talent, and providing an inexhaustible impetus for cross-cutting corporate development.(5) The Daethylene project is in place to further improve integration.
Ten thousand tonnes, including 1 million tonnes/year ethylene combined, 400,000 tonnes/year polyvinylene, 150,000 tonnes/year ethylene ethylene, 450,000/year lldpe, 306.550,000/year ethylene/styrene devices, 50,000 tonnes/year butadiene devices and accompanying ancillary and utility engineering facilities, are expected to yield net benefits next year.
The company’s strong cash flow supports the company’s exploration and experimentation in a number of new material areas, horizontally and horizontally.
Integration, vertical integration strategies, and management of the development track in the huge market space. Vanhua 2020h1 development cost 2.86%, an increase of 0.22 percentage points over the same period. The company ' s new investment date for construction works in 2020h1 was well received and closed on June 29, 2020, with a total investment of about $1.4 billion.
New products in the new layout include degradable plastics, large silicon tablets, triple-dollar materials, high-end polyfin hydrocarbons, nylon 12, spices, poe, integrated circuits, etc. Of these, nylon 12 (40,000 tons, 2,548 million dollars), pbat (60,000 tons, 360 million dollars), tri-dollar orthodoxy are already in the construction phase.
Material (10 million tons, 1.16 billion yuan), grinding fluids and cmppad grinding fluids (15,000 to 20,000 tons, 600,000 pieces, 15.70 billion yuan). With the development of products under construction and planning, companies have increased the value added of their products, diversified their development and opened up long-term growth space.
The risk of large fluctuations in product prices; the risk of large fluctuations in oil prices; the risk of installation of force majeure; the risk of project construction falling short of expectations; and the risk of the ongoing impact of the epidemic.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.