Performance is on track, with industry booming with supply and demand opening and narrow push prices rising. Overall performance is on track, profitability is on the upward trend. Seasonal upturns, mainly due to downturns in prices of important raw materials, higher downstream demand and slower supply and demand.
In addition, corporate asset structures and inventory management have continued to improve. By the end of 2024q1, corporate capital and global photovoltaic demand had continued to rise, with a narrow supply of and demand for photovoltaic glass links and a high level of light-voltage machines supporting the industry. According to cpia data, 2023 new global photovoltaics, 390gw, shared.
Of this, China’s market has contributed mainly to the increase, with China’s new photovoltaics reaching 216.9gw in 2023, +14.8%, and, since its entry into 2024, the high base has affected China’s PVs to increase or fall. It is expected that the overseas PVs will warm back in 2024, according to eia projections.
To reach 44.7gw, year-on-year +63.0%. In total, cpia predicts an optimistic global increase in light voltage machines in 2024 to further boost the demand for glass. According to the Ministry of Information and Trade and cpia, the annual national production of photovoltaic glass/photo-assembly components in 2023 was 24.783,000 tonnes, 499.0gw, +54.3%/+69.3%, glass and assembly supply and demand, respectively.
Given that the expansion of photovoltaic glass production is still subject to strong regulatory restrictions, the supply and demand of photovoltaic glass is or will remain tight and the industry’s fundamentals or turning points are expected to continue in the context of the still-high expectations of photovoltaics. High output growth – and the consolidation of domestic and external production capacity reserves – have led to a sharp rise in prices driven by higher prices for raw materials and higher prices.
According to the company announcement, in 2023, the company produced approximately 1,220 million square metres (2.0 mm caliber), +49.5% of the same year, with an average price of $16.1 per square dollar per square dollar and $3.6 per cent of the sum. By the end of 2023, the company produced 20.6 million tons of light glass, with a market share of 20.7%, stabilizing the industry’s “twinhead” pattern.
By the end of the year, the company’s capacity is expected to reach 30.2 million tons. In addition, the company’s announcement of Indonesia’s production capacity abroad is expected to increase profits further.
Since the beginning of 2024, the trend has continued, and according to the latest data, the price of 2.0 mm light glass has increased by 5.7%, and the price of pure alkali/Liquefied natural gas has dropped by a fraction of the price of ytd.
On the whole, we believe that the company is expected to show a consistent upward trend in prices, which is 2023q3 points.
q3 Performance exceeded expectations, cost multiplied demand, and “buy-in” ratings were maintained. Macroeconomics were depressed, demand was not as high as expected, raw material prices were volatile; domestic policy changes were taking place; and firms were unable to invest in productive capacity.
FLET (601865): 23h1 performance is clear, demand ups and ups are expected to be profitable.
FLET (601865): Price-led feed demand in light-voltage main chain, optical glass tap expansion + figure 12024q1 company growth rate (millions of dollars)
Figure 32023 Net corporate return profit recovery rate (billion yuan) shows that the net return profit of 420244q1 remained high (billion yuan) and that the profit ring ratio of 620244q1 was slightly more robust than the growth rate of the same year.
Figure 52024q1 corporate profitability rebounded steadily. Figure 8 Overseas Māori has a certain advantage over the domestic area. Figure 11 pure base prices are at their lowest levels in recent years ($/t).
Financial statements and financial indicators (in millions of yuan) in the field of machinery, steel, etc., have been studied in depth in technology and periodicity, and continuous in-depth research has been carried out in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. The team has focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage, and has devoted limited energy to serving more markets at level I and II levels, where the country's needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faith.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations, or have caused Chinese securities to be subject to drying laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.