Fretel published its annual report for 2023, and the company achieved its gross operating income in 2023.
$105052111008 zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iuodx@cfsc.com.cn
The revenue from photovoltaic glass in 2023 accounted for 91.4 per cent of the company's total revenues, and the high volume of production/sales. The increase in sales of photovoltaic glass led to an increase in the company's overall revenue.
Improved supply of and demand for photovoltaic glass, expected to increase in yield, 2023, oversupply in the photovoltaic glass industry, increase in the price of compounding cost-end pure alkali and natural gas, corporate profit pressure, supply and demand imbalances + policy constraints
As a result of the increased pace of production capacity, as a result of the autonomous extension of the project waiting to be built by the manufacturers, the power of the glazing glass industry, especially small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), has diminished, despite the willingness of leading enterprises to maintain their current share and the fact that some integrated enterprises and floating glass enterprises have become more dynamic.
1 FLET (601865): Profitability Active deployment of the photovoltaic market, but overall, the actual location of the fire is limited.
In the short term, since March, photovoltaic components have increased their monthly production, while head-manufacturing firms have continued to grow.
There is a production plan, which is expected to continue in April, close to 60gw, and there are more components in stocking up on glass in March, and there are still excess stockings in April.
The rapid de-drawn of stocks, photovoltaic glass or the expected transition to staged supply, supported by April prices, and the accelerated expansion of production from within and outside the country and the consolidation of the longline position at an average price of 2.0 mm/3.2 mm single layer plating glass at the beginning of April.
The company is in the first echelon of the light glass industry, with a market share of more than 50%, making a profit by virtue of its size, resources and technology. By the end of 2023, the company ' s total capacity was reduced to a large gap between two or three lines of business.
For 20,600 tons per day, the Enlightenment IV project and the Nanton project are expected to set fire this year, totalling 9,600 tons of daily melting. Focusing overseas, the company has established production lines in Viet Nam and plans to invest approximately $290 million in Indonesia for two new days.
With a melting capacity of 1,600 tons of optical glass kilns, overseas layouts are expected to continue to lead. Photovoltaic demand is not as high as expected risk, the risk of fluctuations in raw materials and fuel prices, competition Increased risk, the risk of off-shore configurations not as high as expected, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and the large plate system.
Law of Heaven: Master of Financial Engineering, cfa, and frm bearers. Shanghai Transport University, financial undergraduate, four years of experience in financial research, covering photovoltaic and storage energy. Rodione: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, double degree in energy and power engineering and finance, Xian Transport University.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or observations in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.