"The Deepness of the Associated Food and Beverage Company" (603369.sh): Sub-high-end energy, great layout.
The company's location is Sohuayan, formerly a high-trenched wine factory, the second largest company in the world. The company's product is tied up.
In the first half of 2017, the company earned $1.804 billion in operating income, which is the same as the same amount.
In the past five years, the share of income in the province has reached 94% to 95%. More than 50% of that income.
From North Sudan, 30% came from Central Sudan, and South Sudan accounted for less than 20% of the revenue. The firm’s domestic product series, with its fixed share price relative to market performance (nearly 12 months), is located at the lower end and is expected to expand to the more economically developed sub-Saharan region. From 2013 to the first half of 2017,
The share of income from products above the Tea category increased from 57.6% to 78.8%, benefiting from a shift in the price of white wine in the provinces, and the company’s income from high-end products will grow rapidly, leading to an increase in the Māori rate.
The company developed a 2+4+n strategy to expand out-of-town markets. The Jiangsu base is the company’s first-level market, Beijing and Shanghai are the company’s two image cities, and the provinces of Shandong, Henan, Anhui, Zhejiang are the focus of the company.
The market for weddings is vast, and the market has reached trillions. The single price of the weddings has risen, and we estimate that the market for the Gang Su-hing will be about $3 billion in 2016. The company’s title is Waiting for Me, No Disturbations, and so forth, and has developed a culture of “friendliness” of wine products.
And online business towns to expand online and offline channels. 1) Benefiting from consumption upgrades and sub-high end releases, corporate high-end brands will continue to grow at a high rate. 3) Due to more stable corporate management and operations, we expect to manage and sell rates over the next three years.
Production upgrades are less than expected, regional expansion in the province is less than expected, unlike the general public's perception that the market may consider the company to be a state business background, that management is more cautious, that the expansion outside the province is slower, and that performance plays out.
In our view, the market for white wine in Jiangsu province has a large capacity, with the company now accounting for about 9 per cent of the city, and there is still much room for development; a sound management style is conducive to the company’s long-term development, with higher pre-programming inputs and risks outside the province.
Higher than expected growth in revenue from national product lines and faster expansion from within and outside the province of the company (1) product upgrades below expectations (2) regional expansion within the province falls short of expectations
Jiangsu province’s sub-high-end leader, product structure is diversified; (i) product structure is diversified, covering low-price zones in high schools.
The company's products can be classified as "d" to "ta" +. The special a+ is for products with a price of $300 or more and the special a toe is for products with a price of $100-300.
During the year, the share of income in the Ta+ and Ta categories was 42.57 per cent and 36.20 per cent, respectively. 17h1, the company ' s operating income was 1,804 million yuan, an increase of 17.24 per cent; the net profit on maternity was 649 million yuan, an increase of 22.29 per cent; and the net profit after deduction was 641 million yuan, an increase of 22.04 per cent.
As a result of policies such as the “three public consumption limits” policy, the white wine industry has entered a period of deep adjustment since the second half of 2012 and corporate performance has declined. In 2015, with the steady recovery of the white wine industry and rising consumption, corporate performance has recovered.
(iii) The company has a long history, with a relatively concentrated equity structure. The company sits in Jiang Su Huai An, a long history. The former member of the world wine industry is the Jiang Su Gog Gou wine factory located in Huaian City, Jiangsu province. On August 25, 1996, the brand name of the world is born. In December 1997, the company was founded by the world's Qin Company Ltd.
In 2014, the equity structure of the company was relatively centralized and stable. The controlling shareholders were the Consorts Ltd., which actually controlled the people’s government in the county, with 44.72%. The second-largest controlling shareholder was the Shanghai Motion Industries Group, with 10.27%.
Less significant. The chairman of the company went to the core sector to hold the shares of the company per person, and at the end of 2016, the executive had a combined share of 15.6 per cent, which was tied to the interests of the company and was conducive to the long-term development of the company.
(i) Jiangsu is the leading economy in the country, with a large market space for white wine, and Jiangsu is the second largest economy in the country, with per capita income and consumption spending above the national average. White wine government consumption has been significantly curbed since the 2012 season of 3pm. Private and commercial consumption has become the dominant consumer of white wine.
In the last 10 years, the Gdp in Jiangsu province has grown faster than the national level, and economic development has led to an increase in the consumption capacity of the population in Jiangsu province. In 2016, Jiangsu has a disposable income of $32,070 and a national disposable income of $23821, or 34.6 per cent; in 2016, per capita consumption expenditure was $22,130 and per capita consumption was only $17,111, or more.
The national level of 29.3 per cent was 29.3 per cent. In 2016, the disposable income of permanent residents in Jiangsu province was 40152 yuan, and the national disposable income of urban residents was 33616 yuan, up from 19 per cent nationwide. In 2013-2016, the disposable income of permanent residents in Jiangsu town was 8.3 per cent, up from 7.6 per cent nationwide.
Jiangsu is the province with a large market capacity. In 2016, Jiangsu produced 1.07 million litres of white wine, compared to 1358 million litres of white wine in the country, and Jiangsu shared 7.9% of alcohol production in the country ' s fourth largest number. Cagr was 9.1% of Jiangsu wine production in 2014-2016, well above the national compound increase of 4.0% of white wine.
With a capacity of about $26 billion, the neighbouring Chinese market is second only to the population province, Henan, and is on par with Shandong. For a white wine province, the wine culture in Jiangsu province is also relatively prosperous, and there are prospects for an increase in white wine consumption. (ii) Regional competition patterns vary from one province to another.
North Subei, where 75% of brands are in the province, is less competitive. Jiang Su-bhai markets are divided mainly between North and South Sudan. The North Subei region includes areas such as housing, Lianyun Harbour, Xuzhou, Salt City, and Huai An. The economy is lagging behind.
In the south of the country, there is a strong economy and a strong external branding advantage. In the south of the country, there are developed regions such as Suzhou, Sin, Changzhou, and Jinjiang.
In 2015, the industry recovered weakly, and the rise of private and commercial consumption led to a structural upgrading of industry products.
At present, North Sudan’s main consumption belt is over $100, and South Sudan’s prices are up to $200-400. Based on faster economic development in Jiangsu Province and the consumption habits of white wine, we expect the price of white wine to have greater room for upward movement.
Over the past five years, the company has generated between 94% and 95% of its revenue in Jiangsu province. More than 50% of this income comes from Subei (Liang An, Salt City, and Nino Norte Province), 30% from Sino-King (Ningjing and Utsu Province), and less than 20% from the Sino-Sun region.
During the first half of 2017, the structure of the company’s products continued to upgrade. The share of income from the ta+ and tera categories (mainly of national origin) was 79.5%. The share of income from the lower end products of the present world is decreasing.
The Māori rate for the company ' s feature group and above has remained high, at a rate of over 75 per cent for the past five years. The price of guidance for the production of the product is over $100 for the product category and above, which belongs to the upper-middle end.
The price of white wine is high and the price of the final price is high. The future market space is wide for the company’s state-of-the-state series of products to be located at the upper end of the line and for weddings. In addition, the main use of white wine in Jiangsu province is 42-46 degrees, in North Su, 46 degrees, and in South Sudan, 42 degrees. The state-owned product is 42 degrees, and the mouth is comfortable.
The price of the main products of the state is 200-400 yuan, at the bottom of the sub-higher price band. The price of the state is higher than that of the same sub-highest products (dream blues, swords and springs, wells, etc.).
(i) Strengthen channel management to advance the “2+4+n” strategic layout. The marketing model is primarily direct sales and distribution. The distribution model is directed to distributors and direct sales mode is directed to group purchases, supermarkets, hotels, retail sales, etc.
In the first half of 2017, there were 291 dealers in the company and 259 in the provinces.
The company has developed a “2+4+n” strategy to expand out-of-town markets. The Jiangsu base is the company’s first-tier market, Beijing and Shanghai are the company’s two image cities, Shandong, Henan, Anhui, and Zhejiang provinces are the company’s priority areas.
(ii) Highlighting the culture of “friendliness”, setting up the celebration of the wedding market,1 launching the “happiness plus” programme, highlighting the culture of the product, and shifting the marketing focus of companies to the dissemination of the culture of the “behind” and building a happy white wine product. The company's products are red.
In October 2015, the "happiness+" model of the world was launched to create a one-stop platform for domestic celebration consumption. Companies are marketing and promoting their products online through micro-businesses, official shopping malls, third-party online platforms.
In 2016, the number of kiosks under the “Happy Plus” line increased to 80, covering all the municipalities and counties of Jiangsu. In addition, the company’s first name, Waiting for Me, The Perfect Wedding, and Jiangsu Wai’s "Does Not Disturbed" and so on.
In the future, the company will plan to build a theme park for Chinese culture, and to create 4a to 5a level tourist attractions and sacred sites for Chinese Chinese culture.
Figure 23: One-stop wedding service: 2; a wide market for weddings; and a significant increase in the use of wine for weddings.
In 2017-2021, the size of the wedding market was about 23%. In 2021, the size of the market will be more than $30 trillion. According to the 2016 Blue Book of the Marriage Industry, first-line urban weddings account for 80% of marriage spending, while other cities account for more than 50%.
In addition, consumer acceptance of the price of a wedding dinner has increased steadily, with nearly 70% of consumers willing to accept a wedding dinner of more than $1,000. In 2016, the market for a wedding party in Jiangsu was about $3 billion.
Assuming that 70% of new recruits choose to host a wedding dinner with an average of 15 tables, at a cost of two bottles of white wine per table, at a unit price of $200 per bottle. If the birthday and promotion markets are added, Jiangsu Qing’s market is huge. 1) The company’s high-end brand will continue to grow at a high rate of income, benefiting from higher consumption and sub-high-end exposure.
3) Due to the stable management and operation of the company, we expect to maintain stable management and sales rates over the next three years, product upgrades are not as high as expected, regional expansion in the province is lower than expected, and in 2012 the Crystalball Industry Group 5 team members were good at keeping track of the industry cycle and researching dozens of listed companies.
The author of the Institute’s sales team has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.