In the recent past, the top-secret publication of the 2017 mid-point: 1) revenue of $8,287 million, an increase of 74.37 per cent over the previous year.
Net profit of 682 million yuan for shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 70.07 per cent over the same period, attributable to shareholders in listed companies. Main business plates: computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components, car interconnectivity products and sophisticated components, communications.
Combined products and sophisticated components, consumer electronic interconnections and precision components, other connector operations and other industries.3 Performance growth is mainly due to: 1) further consolidation of corporate niches and industry market positions; 2) new business assignments around large clients, benefiting from prior inputs in production lines and R & D, new corporate products
Research Assistant: Hu Xiaoqiao is entering the harvest period; 3) The company continuously improves the process process, conducts process optimization and actively promotes automated modules, further shortening the growth cycle of new products.
4. We believe that the company is the leading global supplier of a full-scale connector program that can provide a one-stop shop for customers. With the release of annual flagship products by large consumer electronic customers in the second half of the year, the company will grow up in new business such as acoustics (acoustic devices, headphone wires), wireless chargers, antennas, etc., and is expected to do so.
The company’s strategic deployment of automobile interconnections, with a continuously increasing share of car wires, has entered the car structure market through its fully-owned subsidiary, Germany’s suk, with product certification and capacity.
Review: Performance is in line with market expectations, with the extension of the connector construction, and the company will benefit from the new energy automobile industry, which is in a fast-growing phase.
The opening of the exhibition and the construction of the 5g base station, the active deployment of the company 5g, the communications interconnection business that will become the company's performance against expectations, the middle reporting performance guidance over expectations, the consolidation of the core client position, the increased demand for consumer electronic supplies in the second half of the year, and the driving force behind the company's continued growth in performance
1. Based on the company ' s forecast, the net profit for the third quarter of the company is $33.912.75 million ~475.242 million brain-connected products and precision components, apples, conjectures, Dale, Hewlett-Packard, Hua-Soo, Microsoft, Macros, etc.; affordable electronics, apples, tiles, Sony, Google, Microsoft, Sam-Sung, etc.; communications-interconnected products and precision groups.
The Chinese, Chinese, Cisco, Wave, Chinese, Del, etc.; auto-connected products, Japanese, English, English, Chinese, Greate, Great Wall, Bo, etc..2 We believe that we have benefited from a succession of consumer electronic heavy-pound products in the second half of the year, new industries such as acoustics, antennas, etc.
Resources, strong technological R & D power, process lead production lines, rapid response to customer needs, etc., are competitive, with high growth potential around customer demand for new products, new businesses, such as consumer electronics, where companies provide one-stop services in product lines such as motors, fpc, acoustic modules, antennas, metal structures, etc.
>Into the car electronics market, opening up future growth point 1, the company's subsidiary Fujian PV, set up the sophisticated industry (Kunsan) car wires market, which already has some R & D manufacturing capacity. At the same time, the company entered the car through its wholly-owned subsidiary, German suk.
Structural goods markets, with a certain advantage in the field of embedded plastics, such as car door locks. Companies provide services to Mercedes, BMW, and production techniques have been recognized by many well-known car brand manufacturers.
There is scope to develop new products that companies have developed autonomously, based on the advantage of car wires, which will be imported into new customers over time.
Keeping companies “strongly recommended” for ratings. 1; downstream market demand is not as good as expected; 2; new business is not as good as expected; 3; and industry competition is increasing.
tmt Research experience in 2016, Contributory Democratic Bonds. Hu Xinjiang, Research Assistant in the Electronics Industry. M.A. in Microelectronics and Solid Electronics, Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics, 2016, Allied Democratic Securities.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,