High profile (002475.sz) with no fear of the cloud, big picture of the future, long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
▪ The company released its performance in the first half of 2017: operating income increased by 74.37 per cent to $8.286 billion on a year-on-year basis, net profit increased by 7.07 per cent to $681 million and eps 0.32 per year on a year-on-year basis.
The apple industry chain has traditionally had a low season, but the company benefited from the new lighting converter imported last year, which grew significantly in the second quarter of this year, with the consumer electronics business growing by 156 per cent over the previous quarter, thanks to the company's excellent manufacturing platforms, the speed with which the speed with which the lighting converter is qualified and the profitability with which it is made.
There has also been a better growth in goods and communications interconnections, and it is expected that the company’s large imports of new products this year, mainly due to the postponement of new facilities for large clients, will be the main dynamic for this year’s high performance growth, with four quarters and one quarter of next year forecast.
1. “Transformational development gains show that new business opens up new spaces and new products are being imported into larger clients, and are the driving force behind high corporate growth: based on a sophisticated manufacturing platform and a large customer resource platform, the company continues to develop new business and matures, imports into larger customers
2. This year’s growth is determined to be expected to start with more than one point in 2017. This year, the company has imported new wireless chargers, antennas, airpods, and acoustic products around the big customer’s new machine, which will benefit the company significantly as the big client’s new machine is released.
In addition, the company is actively developing new businesses such as motors, fpc soft boards, audio frequency modules, and it is also expected that the wireless charging industry will continue to develop in the spring, and that the launch module taps will benefit in depth: Samsung, Apple phones, wireless chargers.lig, Huam, opo, vivo, and the Schoms, etc.
Motion, application of the wave, wireless charging is expected to become the mainstream configuration of high-end flagship phones, and it is expected that nearly half of the mobile phones will be equipped with wireless charging in 2018, opening up new opportunities for industry. In the next 5 g hands, power will increase significantly, mobile phones will continue to be a big problem, and shared wireless charging is expected to solve.
With regard to the continuation of mobile phones, we predict that shared wireless charge is expected to bloom like a shared bicycle, and that demand for the end of the launch will increase significantly. The company is the leader of the radio chargers module, which is expected to benefit from depth.
With rapid growth, high growth in type-c products, new business is expected to develop rapidly, maintaining that “the buying industry is competitive, prices are falling, and new business such as wireless charging, antennae, acoustics, etc., are not advancing as expected.
The relevant report rating rating score in the market is then calculated on an average basis and the final rating is calculated as the average market investment. Click here to enter the text.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years in comparison with the average value of the listed companies in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.