The International Year of Innovation, a strong driver of growth in supplier performance, $682 million, an increase of 70.07 per cent over the same period. Performance growth is largely due to high levels of consumer electronics.
Growth, with consumer electronics growing by 156.21 per cent on the same year, to $2.206 billion. During the reporting period, negative growth was achieved in computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components, mainly affected by the decline in pc exports in recent years, but the company’s forward-looking auto interconnection products and sophisticated components operations were real.
The company’s products are mainly sold abroad, and sales and sales account for more than half of the total.
Through years of technological accumulation and extended M&As, companies have become champions in the connector industry, with products widely used in areas such as pc, consumer electronics, communications, and automobiles. Especially in the consumer electronics sector, companies are the main suppliers to large international customers, with a 22 per cent Māori ratio of products, higher than in the same industry.
The Division is also the only member in the country to be involved in standard-setting for the global ubtype-c connector, with a gradual increase in penetration due to the advantages of speed of transmission, positive or negative plug-in, and a strong outreach capability, and with the prospect that the exhibition will become the only interface for electronics, with the current share of company type-c at about 40%.
In addition to the connectors, companies build sophisticated manufacturing platforms through M&As and increased R&D input into wireless charger, antenna, acoustics, and motor operations. After the company's external M&As, the integration of the subject matter is strong, and almost all M&As implemented meet expectations.
It is hoped to benefit from the International Year of Big Client Innovation, with high performance growth, and this year Apple will launch three mobile phones, of which iPhone8 is expected to increase its output as a result of the high level of innovation. The company will benefit from its performance as a supplier of precision apples.
The normal rate will carry the wireless charger, the company is the applewatch wireless charger, the first wireless charger of apples, probably the supply of the iphone charger.
Businesses, and mobile phones far outnumber watch sales. An electronic, wearing equipment for long-term development at 18 Maysan Road, Heung Fu City, Anhui Province, China.
The International Finance Center, Inc.a, has deployed multi-intelligent terminal cards in the area of automobile electronics and wearing equipment. In 2011, Kunshan Radio continued to develop product lines, such as car connectors, and in 2012 acquired Fujian fjk.
Into a friend's solar supply chain; acquired German suk in 2013, acquired light quantitative technologies such as ma-cell supercritical microscopic bubble formation and became a German supplier; acquired Suzhou Fung Island in 2014 and entered the wearing field as an applewatch tape supplier.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: iPhone sales are not as expected; wireless chargers are not as high as expected.