A meeting of investors was held on September 25th. The chairman and other department managers addressed the meeting. The main points are as follows: (1) the total potential market size of business (including consumer electronics, business and automobiles) has reached about $300 billion, and we expect $30 billion in revenue to be generated in 2017.
(ii) New Apple business: with electrophone devices – the supply chain is bridging, the well-established airpod and iphonex receiver business is on the rise. Management has a positive view of the quality, automation and vertical integration of its products vis-à-vis the performance of existing counterparts, and expects the business to start making a profit in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Management considers this to be a future trend; however, it will take some time to lay out a mature infrastructure (e.g., a universal wireless power supply) and to develop user habits. (3) Enterprise markets: Management expects corporate business revenue to double on a lower base in 2018.
Connectors and optical components, etc. Management considers vertical integration, signal integrity design and testing capabilities to be its key advantage vis-à-vis the current major competitor. A message suggests that companies may be able to raise the ratio of upgraded optical components operations through M&As. (4) Automobile: the company is working to become a first-line supplier and is working with the Great Wall.
Several domestic car companies, such as the car and the Jiri car, have worked together, and we believe that the continued expansion of the apple supply chain and its new business areas, which are highly sophisticated, will help to sustain their profitability and market share growth. But new product volumes and the determinations brought by existing competitors are positive.
Price pressure can be a drag on profit margins, including: iphone sales are better/less than expected, and new business is moving faster/lower than expected.I, Hu Lingling, hereby state that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is not, is not, and will not be, reconciled.
The investment summaries evaluate the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the Unit within the regional research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators projected in each year, such as croci, average application of capital return and net asset return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gain, dividends return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rate, based on a 12-month history.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of a company being acquired. Then we rate companies by one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which represents a lower probability (0%-50%).
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to be successful vis-à-vis their global counterparts in the long term, with excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Hu Lingling: a share of telecommunications and technology, and a share of telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology: quick communication, China connection (a), China association (a), China share, fire communications, Gore shares, Heiconweig, high profile, Effie Light, Internet room technology, China communication (a).
J, China Harbour International, Middle Harbour International (adr), Sun Woo Optics, Power supply, Power supply (adr), Union Power, Union Power (adr), Communications (h). Corporate-related statutory disclosures. Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from companies in the next three months: Prestige (rmb19.19).
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.