The multi-client structure improves performance resilience, and the market for new products expands well - annual report 2024 and quarterly report 2025
Events: Companies issued annual reports for 2024 and first quarterly reports for 2025, with real operating income of 16.852 billion yuan in 2024, i.e. +0.15 per cent of the year, resulting in a net return to the mother of 6,691 million yuan, i.e., the same amount of cash.
The client structure continues to be optimized, the dependence on upper steam continues to decrease, and the diversity of client structures enhances the firm's performance and achieves a steady growth in revenue: in 2024, the company collected a whole car of customers from beyond the upper gas.
Volkswagen, Chiré, Hua morning BMW, Chang An, Chang An, Guang Air and Air Car, and Long Anfort became the top 10 out-of-the-box customers in the country, with total sales increasing by 38 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the upper gas output in 2024 was equal to 23.9 per cent.
In 2025, q1, which benefited from a similar increase in the production of autonomous brands such as Biadi and Gilley, and a narrow (-3.6%) reduction in the production of upper steam, the company registered a steady increase in revenue. In terms of operations, in 2024, interior and external accessories/metal formation and molding/functional parts/electronics/heat plus.
The amount to be determined from the projected liability for quality assurance that is not part of a single performance obligation has been adjusted from “sale cost” to “business cost”, with the adjusted company having a Māori ratio of 4.55 ptt in 2024 and a general decline in the Māori rate for operations other than metal formation and modelling, mainly for client years
The expansion of the new product market is progressing well, and the pace of the intelligent transformation has continued: the company smart cabin, smart chassis, smart lighting, power-driven systems, heat management systems, etc., have achieved a remarkable market expansion in the new track business area, which in the case of the smart class xim25 has been matched by the volume of the client project and has been continuously supported by the Volvo.
Vow, BMW, Volkswagen, a partnership, an eco-car company, etc.
Updates and optimisations of products such as each other's lamps, digital signallights, head-up displays, electronic rear-view mirrors, some of which have been targeted by a full-car client project such as Audi, the general public, the Broad Gas Group, the electric power-driven area, the sub-prefecture of Chirre, a scooter, a smart-ass car, an upper Audi pure electric vehicle type and upper gas.
Mass, upper-air general-mixed vehicle-type fixation, Natifford's new acquisition of Chiry, Gilly, etc. Client-type power drive systems are always fixed and are moving forward with 800v two-stage integrated differential locks, one power-driven product development; heat management, high-performance power on third-generation semiconductor-sic devices.
The new product is expected to continue to contribute to the company’s performance, driving the intellectualization of the company’s products and the upgrading of the electrodynamic transformation.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.