Top Group: The results of the Tier 0.5 cooperation model are evident, and the company's 22q4 harvest is $4.75 billion, or +30.4 per cent, of the ring comparison.
Based on the company’s 1.8 billion parent profit center for the year, the company’s 22q4 parent net profit was the young quantitative bottom plate and e-business entry harvest volume, which began to contribute to its performance. The scale effect combined with the efficiency gains and profitability.
\triangleright announced a plan for an increase on the night of December 12th, which the company intends to raise by means of a non-public release not to exceed RMB 4 billion and the amount of shares issued not to exceed the total equity of the company prior to the issuance.
30% (i.e. no more than 330 million shares) of funds raised mainly for light-quantified chassis, interior function Profit projection and investment rating: corporate mitigation efficiency gains demonstrated, 22 years of profitability increased, \triangleright
More than we had expected. And given the company’s continuous push for a platformed supply strategy, it is expected that the vehicle value will continue to rise, and that we will raise the company’s profit forecast for subsequent performance growth.
Itd should be 41.3 times, 28.6 times and 20.5 times, respectively.
Risk factors: Risk of shortage of chip supply: risk of price increases for raw materials: risk of recurring outbreaks: new clients produce less than expected; platformed strategy drive process less than expected; 4 core team members; 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Master's degree.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, mainly covering smart cars, car connections, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.