Technology and cost advantages, building global monocrystal integration poles - Lungi shares (601012), first-ever coverage depth report, companies are the world ' s largest manufacturers of photovoltaic monocrystal products, including single crystal silicone, battery blades, etc.
200gw, the company reaps well as a global photovoluntage. Single crystal silicone taps, where city occupancy is expected to rise further: as the company’s first business, the company is an absolute leader in the field of single crystal silicone.
At the end of the year, the market value of the share in circulation (millions of yuan) reached 28gw, representing 41% of total global output, and was the manufacturer of the single crystal silicon tablets with the largest volume of global output, reaching 36gw, 50gw, 65gw by the end of 19th, 20th, 21st, respectively.
Keeping technology state-of-the-art, spearheading the process of national production of long-crystal furnaces, and introducing the first goldline cutting technology, continuously reducing costs through equipment modification, process improvement, management upgrading, non-silicon costs by 31.75 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
32.02 per cent, leading the competitor by 15 percentage points, with the expansion of silicon production, the market share, single crystal components, the world's number one, and the offshore component business has grown rapidly in recent years: the company expanded its operations rapidly in 2014 through the acquisition of Zhejiang Leiye components.
The Division's components are the fourth largest in the world, with single crystal components the largest in the world, overseas revenues, and significant growth, with 2019h1's overseas single crystal components sold out to 2.4gw, a year-on-year increase Data cut-off date: 26 November 2019
The realization of the component operating income of $8.323 billion, representing 58.98 per cent of total operating income, went beyond silicon and became the largest company-owned business. 19 20, 21 year-end crystal component capacity reached 16gw, 25gw, 30gw, respectively, and will continue to capture market share and keep the single crystal component at the forefront.
I'm involved in battery film and photovoltaic station operations, creating a whole-of-the-art chain closure, creating a full-scale advantage, Wang Smin, redefining the industry: the company's active layout of battery chips and power stations, working to build a whole-of-the-mort.
Chains of operations. The single crystal battery production at the end of 20, 20, 21 was 10gw, 15gw, 20gw, matched to the component production capacity, protected by self-constructed production for a large number of m6 silicon tablets, re-leaded in the crystal field, equipped to redefine the photovoltaic industry, replacing the crystalline.
In the context of the trend towards the continued rapid growth of global photovoltaics, despite the relatively low domestic market, the growth of overseas markets has led us to see the long-term growth of companies in the future, giving rise to risk factors: domestic and international industrial policy risks; market competition has led to the price of components and silicon.
The company has grown rapidly, and after nearly 20 years, its operations have covered the entire photovoltaic chain, covering the development of single crystal silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries, and components.
Production and marketing, as well as investment development, construction and operation services for photovoltaic power plants. The company’s leading position is stable, the business path is clear, the scale has expanded rapidly in recent years, and the company’s share of the market in the industry is expected to increase further with the development of the photovoltaic industry.
The company’s three-quarterly report, recently released, achieved a net return of 3.484 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 106 per cent over the same period. Some voices in the market argue that, despite the higher rate of growth in corporate revenue and profits, this was due to the low base effect of the fall in data in 2018, which led to the fall in data in that year.
With the introduction of the “531” policy, it is normal that the photovoltaic sector faces short-term pains, but, as industry leader, Lungki shares have a sufficient cost advantage to take advantage of the “parity Internet” era. The company’s market share is expected to increase even further in the process of production and clean-up, and the re-integration of the industry will provide the future development of Lungi’s shares.
The ability of the photovoltaic industry, in the context of a trend towards monocrystal replacement of crystals, and the continued rapid growth of global photovoltaic machines, despite a relatively low domestic market, has been accompanied by significant growth in overseas markets, which we view as a global firm with a larger share of offshore operations and a greater impact on the volume of overseas orders.
In addition, changes in industrial policy, especially within countries, and changes in the competitiveness of products brought about by industrial technology overlaps will have an impact on stock prices. From a firm’s point of view, firms’ technological development, outward investment, expansion of production, and changes in sales will have an impact on share prices.
International trade protection risks; domestic industrial policy risks; market competition risks; management in the field of monocrystals as a result of the expansion of business, covering photovoltaic whole-sector chains, starting with 1.1-half-conductor, fast-growing and achieving industry leaders
Lungi Green Energy Technology, Inc., was founded in 2000 as the world’s largest producer of solar monocrystal silicon photovoltaic products. The company has grown rapidly, and after almost 20 years of development, its operations have covered the entire photovoltaic chain, covering the development, production and marketing of single crystalline silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries and components, as well as investment in the development, construction and distribution of photovoltaic power plants.
Chart 1: The long history of scientific and technological development in Lungi — the creation of the former New Alliance for Western European and other Countries (NSC) electronic technology, which is mainly concerned with the development and manufacture of semiconductor materials and equipment — creates an annual 30-ton device-grade single crystallized silicon production capacity.
• Ning Shalongi Silicon Materials Ltd. was established to work on the development and manufacture of single-crystal silicon bars. • Silongki Silicon Materials Ltd. was established to work mainly on slices of solar photovoltaic single-crysilicon tablets.
• The company is listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and in 2012 Xianan and Ningxia completed the expansion of the production of silicon with a capacity of 1 gw and a capacity of 8,000 tons of silicon sticks. • Acquisition of 85 per cent of Zhejiang Leaf shares and expansion of the development, manufacture and sale of solar cells and components.
• The West Anlongki Clean Energy Company was formally established, with the company moving into the light voltage plant and the epc business. • Gujinlongki was founded in Malaysia as the company's first overseas single crystal silicone production base. • Release single crystal perc two-sided power generation new products — hi-mo2, higher product power, higher power, higher power generation,
• The positive conversion efficiency of single crystal perc batteries reached 24.06 per cent, breaking the world record once again. • The 72-sided half-piece positive power has passed 450w and updated the world record. Deep-deep monocrystal industry. Rapidly forming the industrial chain. At its inception, the company was mainly engaged in semiconductor materials and related equipment.
In 2006, the company set up the Ningxialongki Silicon Materials Company Ltd., establishing a path for the development of monocrystal silicon-specific production. After years of rapid development, the company followed a single-crystal route and actively expanded downstream. In 2014, the company acquired 85% of Zhejiang Leaf shares and set up Lungi clean energy, operating to batteries, assemblies, and photovoltaics.
In 2016, the company established its first overseas production base in Gujin, Malaysia. At the same time, the company actively expanded overseas, insisting on a “go-out” strategy in Germany, the United States, Germany, and the United States.
Private holding companies have a stable equity structure. In July 2008, Mr. Li Jin Guo, Ms. Li She Ying, and Mr. Lee Chun-an, the company’s principal initiators, together with 45 other shareholders, signed an Initiator Agreement to establish a stock company.
As of the third quarter of 2019, two persons held 19.79% of the company ' s shares, and Mr. Li Chun An and Mr. Lee Jin Gok were classmates and issued a commitment to act in a concerted manner in 2011. Mr. Li Jin Guo, Mr. Li Chunyan and Ms. Li She Yin are now acting together and are the actual owners of the company, three of them.
From 2014 to the third quarter of 2019, the company maintained a high rate of growth in operating income, while further expanding the scope of its operations, from upstream monosilicon tablets to terminal power stations.
The company achieved a net return of $3.484 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 106 per cent over the same period, despite negative growth in 2018 influenced by the “531” policy.
In addition, the combined Māori rate of companies has been growing steadily in recent years, with a sharp decline in the first half of the year due to the fall in subsidies, but still at a high level of 26.22 per cent.2 The high rate of growth in the photovoltaic market has made cost and efficiency an important driver.
The energy crisis, compounded by pollution, and the surge in demand for clean energy. The global demand for clean energy is growing as fossil energy supplies become more tense and the problem of fire and electricity pollution increases.
In many countries, the share of energy and electricity consumption continues to grow, and energy clean-up has become a trend in global energy development. By the end of 2018, renewable energy sources, including nuclear power, photovoltaics, wind power, and hydropower, accounted for 30% of our total electricity generation and 40% of total electricity.
Nearly 60% of the year’s electricity investment will go to renewable energy. Renewable energy, represented by photovoltaics, wind power, and hydropower, will be the main force of future power loads.
The rapid expansion of industries, technological advances and industrial upgrading, the rapid decline in photovoltaic power generation, and the “pair-priced Internet access” of many countries and regions have now been achieved. In November 2017, the Italian green power company, enel, offered 1.77 cents/kwh, updating the lowest price of photovoltaic prices.
Six per year grew to 14 in 2018, with cpia data showing that the world’s photovoltaic additions reached 104gw in 2018, with industries moving into sustainable development. Subsidies gradually exited, and industries turned up.
The slowdown in 2012 was due to the European debt crisis, the anti-dumping of European and American products from China, countervailing investigations and the acceleration of the fall in European photovoltaic subsidies in 2018, mainly due to the fall in subsidies from China’s photovoltaic “531” policy. The continued withdrawal of subsidies pushed the industry to lower costs and industry to increase.
The long-term shift from a policy-driven to a market and a cost-driven one. 2.2 The era of price parity, with the emergence of the industry’s melody of “531” New Deal, has accelerated the downward revision of photovoltaic prices. After “531”, the price-free access process accelerated, in 2019.1
On 7th of the day, the Commission and the Energy Agency issued a circular on the active promotion of wind power and unsubsidized parity access to the Internet, further clarifying that the photovoltaic sector already has the conditions for “free access” and that a price-free Internet access project and a pilot project on low-cost Internet access will be carried out to encourage and promote the unsubsidized development of the photovoltaic sector.
The downside of subsidies increases industry competition, lags production speeds up, and the industry pursues cost and efficiency advantages. When the Internet becomes a future industry trend, photovoltaic firms have to face the enormous challenge of reducing efficiency gains. Controling production costs by scaling up production, reducing the cost of raw materials and equipment, and increasing photovoltaic power through technological upgrading.
Conversion efficiency, which in turn boosts the efficiency of the products and reduces the flat-level electricity costs of photovoltaic plants. The volume of additional photovoltaics installed in the country fell by 17% on a year-on-year basis, and the National Energy Agency’s installation plan for 2019-2020 slipped, down 0.8gw from 2018.
Agencies are optimistic about future global loading forecasts, and it can be seen that foreign photovoltaic demand will continue to grow steadily. In the short term, the offshore photovoltaic market will be an important battleground for the next phase of industrial development, with enterprises with diversified markets slowing down the expansion of domestic downstream power plants and tightening national development plans.
After the introduction of the “531” New Deal, competition became more intense, all segments of the photovoltaic industry became more competitive, and the market share began to tilt toward the headlines. In addition to costs and conversion efficiency, the industry began to grow.
In the next few years, industry will move from a policy-driven to a market-driven era, and technological growth and development will become the norm. Poor production capacity that fails to meet the demand for "free Internet access" will accelerate the phase-out.
Greater market space will embrace high-quality industry enterprises. Chart 19: Changes in concentration in the photovoltaic whole chain industry cr10, 2018-2019 3 Silicon film business: industry leaders with significant technological advantages 3
3.1 Deep-dry single-crystal silicon silicon silicon, which captures a multi-crystal market share, is becoming more mature and less expensive than multi-crystal silicon. Because of its different growth processes, single-crystal silicon silicon has the same, non-crystal, and high-purity edge.
The silicon has lower crystal defects, higher mechanical strength, low child life and conversion efficiency, and confluence. This gives greater scope for the future product efficiency enhancement process, and the silicon is the direction of the future industry. When single silicone is first seen, the production processes of single, multi-crystal silicon make the single silicon more expensive.
The main difference between the two production processes is that single crystals use pull-sticks, while multiple crystals use casts, and the cost difference is mainly due to lower output from the early crystals, lower output from long-crystal furnaces, lower production rates and slower puncture speeds. As a result, multiple silicons take up most of the market share, but with single silicons.
Lungi is actively engaged in research and development to reduce crystallization costs. The country’s early silicon manufacturing equipment needs to be imported in order to reduce it.
In addition, the company developed rcz, a multi-loading crystallization technique. Compared to the traditional process, rcz can be reloaded with the first crystal rod and made for a second time directly, with multiple pulls.
In August 2018, Lungi signed an ccz-efficient single-crystal cooperation agreement with Zhejiang Sun and Technology Ltd. On the basis of rcz, ccz technology could go further.
To reduce the time, cost, and energy consumption of single-crystal bars, and to achieve a more even, less distributed and better quality, production efficiency will increase by about 20%, and combined costs will decrease by about 10%.
This is the key to Lungi’s rapid growth into a big-line factory. With technology imported from Japan at a high cost, Lungki worked with Yang Mih-hyeong, Dalian City to promote the process of national production of the Golden Line. In 2008, Dalian City successfully developed our first generation of multi-line cutting machines. In 2014, Lungki launched a full-scale rehabilitation project to promote the Golden Line.
Research and development investment to maintain high-level assurance companies ahead of technology, with a Māori ratio higher than that of major competitors. Through the advantages of rcz and gold-line technology, Lungi’s Māori ratio in the single crystalline silicone industry is significantly ahead of the competitor.
With R & D inputs, production technology has always been at the top of the industry. In 2018, the company spent 1,231 million yuan on R & D, which accounts for a growing share of the single crystal silicon market.
Long-Kid plans to further the fine-line conversion of the diamond lines, reducing the diameter of the diamond lines, while promoting the thinning of the silicon lines. Currently, the parent diameter of the diamond lines has fallen to 60-65 μm, and the thickness of the industrial single silicon has dropped to about 180 μm.
The future will develop to 160 μm, with the cost of monocrystal silicon still having much scope for decline, with 57 per cent of the current monocrystal occupancy rate, a tight balance in market supply of 3.3 monocrysil silicon silicon silicon, a positive expansion of production by companies, and a policy boosted by perc technology for the development of monocrysil silicon. The introduction of the “531” policy has accelerated the upgrading of the photovoltage industry.
Large battery film manufacturers have been working to improve the efficiency of the PV conversion of their products, with perc (passive emitters and back-to-back battery technology) becoming the dominant direction for the transition of PV batteries to “price-free Internet” over the next few years, with more than 80 per cent of the Perc product in the 2018 runners project, with cpia predicting that by 2025, the perc battery market will be in the future.
The demand for single crystal silicon tablets will continue to grow at a high rate. Production efficiency is high, and Lungi is actively expanding the market.
Lungi shares take advantage of opportunities, take advantage of their own cost advantages, accelerate the expansion of production, and take a further market share. Companies actively expand single crystal silicon production capacity, continuously reduce production capacity, guarantee market supply for efficient monocrystal products, and increase the capacity of single crystal silicon production by 200%, 19, 20%, over the next three years.
By the end of the year, 36gw, 50gw, 65gw, respectively. 18 years of company monocrystal silicone production, 41 per cent, was the largest market share.
4. Component and battery business: access up and down, complete the whole industry chain layout 4.1 breaks the polycrystal monopoly and opens up the monocrystal component market before 2014, with a severely compressed share. Since multicrystal silicon occupied the city by 2014
The vast majority of the field is dominated by polycrystal choice of technology by domestic manufacturers, and by polycrystals by downstream component manufacturers. Since component manufacturers face the terminal developers directly, they usually have large distribution networks, large distribution channels, long-standing polycrystal markets have been monopolized and single crystal penetration rates have been low.
In order to break the monopoly on crystal components, the market penetration rate for single crystal products was further increased, and the Lungi shares acquired Zhejiang Leaf in 2014 expanded their operations downstream. By actively expanding distribution channels, overseas production and marketing bases were established, companies developed rapidly and rapidly in single crystal components operations.
Figure 38: Global single crystal component output in 2018 Figure 37: Global component output ranking in 2018
The company's component conversion efficiency industry is leading six times, breaking world record. The latest product, "hi-mo4," applies to both ground power stations and distributed flat roofs, achieving very low power costs and very high power through two-sided power generation, resulting in significant savings in power stations.
Bos cost, low light decay technology ensures a first-year decline of ~2%. 19 Single crystal component capacity at the end of 20, 21 was 16gw, 25gw, 30gw. Chart 39: 2015 - 2021e equity component capacity expansion (gw)
The single crystal route costs are reduced, and the Māori industry leads. Through technological innovation and scale-up, Lungi shares are committed to reducing the cost of component production. Cpia estimates that the production cost of single crystal perc components in 2025 will be less than $1.1/w. With good management and reduced efficiency, the Māori ratio of Lungi shares has emerged from the industry.
4.2 Battery operations are connected up and down, forming a single crystal integrated tap, enabling the battery to produce itself and reducing the production costs of its components. Companies actively increase their own battery production capacity and increase the Māori rate by reducing the proportion of foreign association production and controlling the cost of processing the components. In August 2018, the company issued an announcement to raise funds.
Two hundred and forty million dollars to build a single-crystal battery project with a 5gw annual production of Ning Shaloi leaves, with company battery expansion planning closely following other links, laying a solid foundation for the cost and quality control of future links.
Batteries have expanded their self-constructed capacity, which has contributed to the spread and spread of a large number of m6 silicon tablets. Two criteria, M1 and M2 were introduced in 2013 in the joint company industry, that is, 156.75 mm, which standardized the uniform size and was recorded in the Semi International Standard Directory in August 2017. Given the excessive size of silicon tablets in the market at the beginning of 18th year, 158.5 mm, 157.4 mm, 158.75 mm,
161mm. In June of this year, Lungi launched the m6 silicon, expanding the size of the silicon to 166 mm, with solar power reaching the Doddium, and launched on November 18, with the use of m6 silicon. The company itself also has battery film capacity, which we believe will help accelerate the process of standardizing the m6 silicon.
In view of the competition's launch of m12 or 210 mm of large silicon in August, in the context of self-building capacity, and the greater compatibility of m6 with downstream cellular production lines, we believe that universal access time may also be in six, five, efficient and stable operations, and that the vanguard position is difficult to shake.
5.1 The return on net assets of the company has remained stable at a higher level and has been more profitable in recent years. Despite the company ' s more recent activity in the market and its substantial upstream and downstream investment, the level of corporate assets and liabilities has been constant.
The impact of scalability has been marked by a stable triple fee ratio. As firms expand at an accelerated pace, their size has grown rapidly, their operating income has grown rapidly, and their third fee has declined steadily in recent years.
Long, because of the high growth in sales of overseas components, which has led to an increase in shipping charges, in line with the dynamic growth of the windy overseas market in recent years. Against the backdrop of a slowdown in domestic sales of domestic components, the layout of overseas distribution networks has ensured that overall sales of components have continued to grow at a higher rate.
Operating cash flows are excellent, with a robust repayment capacity. The turnover rate of corporate receivables has remained relatively stable since 2012, with less volatility and a stable repayment capacity.
1. Silicon film operations: 1) Production and sales: current capacity of 28gw, yielding capacity of 36, 50, 65gw in 19, 20, 21 years, taking into account the capacity climb factor, is expected to yield 60, 80, 10 billion silicon tablets, of which external grammes/fibres, 20 years, 21 years, 2.9, 2.8 pieces, respectively; 3) profitability level: upstream silicon due to 19 years of production
Capable of expansion and able to climb through the productive slopes, with prices maintained in more reasonable areas, part of the non-silicon component operations in 2019, 2020, 2021 were provided with silicon, battery-forming components, and part of the component was processed to form components, and the self-use rate increased with the completion of the 10, 15 and 20gw battery production in 192021.
3. Battery operations: Other operations, including production process generation of by-product income, as battery tablets will be primarily m6 large silicon tablets, with a low percentage of external sales. 19 20, 21 capacity of the sales income-sharing industry, in the context of the trend of monochrystal replacement of polycrystals and the continued rapid growth of global photovolts,
Although domestic markets are relatively low, the growth of overseas markets is far too large, and we look forward to the long-term growth of companies in the future, with risks to national and international industrial policies in 2020; market competition leading to higher than expected price declines for components and silicons; management risks associated with the expansion of operations; protection risks in international trade, etc.