Longki shares (601012.sh) have been reported in depth for a long time, and m6 has opened the era of large silicon.
So far, Lungi shares have reached 50gw, close to 50% of the total production of single crystal silicon in the industry, and is in absolute leadership. Because of market demand for monocrystal products, the multi-crystal share continues to shrink, the company has decided to continue expanding production at 30gw in Ningxia and Yunnan, with 80gw expected by the end of 2020.
Industry barriers, deep-seated moats. In addition, companies plan to expand battery and assembly capacity by 15 and 20gw, respectively, and expand the company ' s product chain, and companies are not only leading suppliers of single crystal silicon tablets worldwide, but are gradually growing into global leaders of efficient single crystal solar power solutions.
Silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sultane silicon sultane silicon silicon sultance sultance to industrial mainstream rapidly and lower downstream production.
The silicon silicon silicon silicon is marketed. The silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is marketed. Lungi digs deep enough to produce 166 mm-m6 silicon silicon, and batteries and assembly lines need to be matched by only a change in the assembly chargers, with m6 silicon having an increase of 12.2% over m2 and m6 with a price increase of only 6% after mass quantitative production of silicon, while m6 can make silicon.
The non-silicon costs of tablets, batteries, and components are further reduced, with single crystal perc60 and 72 components being upgraded to about 40w and 50w, respectively, with both downstream benefits and strong willingness. It is expected that the m6 silicon tablets will be applied on a large scale in 2020, and the large silicon silicon specifications will be harmonized again.
Global photovoltaic demand is strong, and companies continue to appreciate their bargaining power and profitability: although Lungi and Central Ring shares were new in production in 2020, they may actually release only 30gw, because most of them were in the second half or in the fourth quarter of the year.
In January-October, the export of components grew by 54.5gw, a 75% increase compared to the previous year, and the export crystal ratio reached 60%, continuing to encroach on the market share of multiple crystals. In 2020, the foreign market is still expected to remain heavily monopolized.
A 15% decline in the number of squares, and Lungi’s ability to maintain a 27% Māori rate for the silicon chain, with no need to worry about profitability. No change, and continued to give a “strongly recommended” rating.
And the expected risks; the price of photovoltaic products falls short of the expected risks.
1.1 The largest single crystallized silicon product manufacturer in the world, 1.1.1 has long been focused on providing efficient single crystal solar power solutions to global customers. The company is the manufacturer of the largest single crystalline silicon product in the world.
(b) In 2006-2011, the company made a breakthrough in silicon technology, and in 2006 it established the Ningxia Silicon Materials subsidiary, which transformed the monooptic silicon silicon business, with a single crystalcide production capacity of 3,000 tons in 2011 and 600mw in single crystal silicone production; and in 2012 it made a successful roll-out and fast-paced development.
Driveway, the volume of silicon at the end of 2013 passed 1gw, the first overseas single crystal silicone production base was officially established in 2016, and the company's single crystal tap status was established; from 2017 to the present, the company entered the era of solar-led technology, with a positive conversion rate of 24.06 per cent for Lungi single crystal perc batteries, breaking yet another world record, with a double-sided half-piece positive power of type 72 reaching 450w and refreshing the world record.
Longki shares development history, single crystal technology breakthrough, single crystal dragons established.
• Leadership in solar technology, Ning Shiloon, 2006
• New Xian Xian Xin, 2000, submitted in 2012 with limited access to electronic technology
Mo2 component, high-efficiency single crystal perc double.
• The era of monocrystal silicon, monocrystal silicon stick development, 2013
• In 2005, in the year of formation, stick capacity reached 12,000 tons, silicon year out.
In 2018, Yunnanbao changed its name to Yama, Lijiang and Chu Hung in 2008.
West Anlongki silicon materials.
• In 2011, single crystal silicone perc batteries turned front-hand ton, single crystal silicone.
An overseas single crystal silicon, a double-sided half-part component, a production base at Gujin.
Lonji's official corporate representative, director and general manager, Li Zhen, has 14.43 per cent of the shares, and his wife, Ms. Li Sheyan, has 5.15 per cent of the shares.
Mr. Li Chunan, a large individual shareholder, was the chairman of Dalian City, the former director of the company, Li Zhen Guo, Li Chunyan, Li Chun-Yin, and the third co-operator, who together held 30.13% of the shares, thereby ensuring control over the company and stable equity structure.
The company’s single crystal silicon manufacturing operations include single crystal silicon bars, silicon tablets, single crystal battery chips, and highly efficient single crystal components. In addition, the company’s operations extend to ground and distributed power stations.
The company's monocrysil silicon tablets, which are designed to develop green energy, drive the progress of the photovoltage industry, now have the world's largest single-crysilica production capacity, with the world's largest single-crysilica silicon silicon production capacity, reaching 45gw by the end of 2019. They are well-developed marketing channels and fast-service response capabilities worldwide, and are committed to providing high-quality monocrysil silicon products and ancillary services to global photovoltaic companies.
The combined sales of single-crystal silicon and single-crystal components account for 96 per cent of the total sales of the company.
Xian, which is now centred on Xian, covers Ningxia, Yunnan, Jiangsu, and Malaysia’s production layout. Longki Leaf, a wholly-owned subsidiary, focuses on the production and sale of solar monocrystal batteries and components, the global focus on industrial layout, and the ongoing global development of advanced monocrystal battery modules to meet global customer demand in a timely manner.
The development of cutting-edge monocrystal production technology, which continues to build efficient monocrystal products, creating reliable benefits for customers and contributing green energy to the world. Lungi’s share-production base layout.
A 14-capacitation investment plan has been issued for 37gw, 25gw, 25gw silicon, 15.25gw, component capacity {mathrm{gw}circ} 1.3 performance profile: robust financial indicators and strong financing capacity
1.3.1 Business income has grown steadily, with the expansion of capacity and export size, the company ' s operating income in the first three quarters of 2019 was $22,693 million, an increase of 54.68 per cent in the same year, mainly in the sale of components and silicon tablets; the net gain was $3,484 million, an increase of 106.03 per cent in the same year.
1.3.2 Increased financial management capacity. Faced with the difficult industry situation in 2018, companies demonstrated a strong financial management capacity, with significant cost control advantages. The annual financial cost rate of companies ' management was 2.84 per cent in 2013 and 1.21 per cent in 2018.
In recent years, the management costs and financial costs of companies have been reduced by almost half, while the cost of sales has risen significantly, which is the most significant difference between Lungi and China Ring and East Sunrise. This is mainly due to the early construction of low-priced sites in Lungi and the opening of component operations, resulting in a rise in the highest miscellaneous rates from 0.81 per cent in 2015 to 1.81 per cent in 2018; and management costs have been lower than their counterparts, mainly management capacity.
Power is different from corporate investment ownership; the main reason for lower financial costs is that Lungi’s financing structure is more rational, interest-bearing liabilities are less pressured, and future financing space is larger. In the long run, even if photovoltaic products and costs are homogenized, high-quality management and fee-control capabilities have a bright future for both the public and the industry.
The photovoltaic sector has traditionally been in a complex and volatile market environment, characterized by high growth in both emerging industries and a cyclical nature of manufacturing investment and policy volatility, as well as by international trade protection. The geographical limitations of photovoltaic power generation, which is safe and reliable, noise-free, low-pollution, non-consumption fuel consumption and short-term construction, will gradually gain worldwide recognition.
2.1 The impact of the domestic subsidy policy has been weakened. Photovoltaic subsidies have declined from 0.4-0.55/kwh per year in 2019, and the competitive bid results have resulted in 3921 projects being included in the 2019 national competitive subsidy, with a total installed capacity of 22.8gw, of which 366 are general photovoltaic power stations, with a installed capacity of 18.12gw, distributed photovoltaic items.
The maximum subsidy for power station projects in the provinces was about 0.1 yuan/kwh. Most of the subsidies were around 0.05 yuan/kwh, and some of the stations reported subsidies up to 0.01 yuan/kwh. The share of photovoltaic subsidies in the price of electricity has been reduced to less than 15%, and with the final year of 2020, the price of photovoltaic subsidies was bided at 2021.
The impact of subsidy policies on the photovoltaic industry is becoming weaker and the market is returning to the center of the stage, and low-cost and efficient clean energy sources will be the core drivers of photovoltaic development.
2.2 Global photovoltaic demand has grown steadily, and by the end of 2018 the total capacity of the global photovolt has reached 510gw. The number of additional installed units in the PV year has increased almost 35 times, from 2.9gw in 2007 to 103.9gw in 2018.
105gw, showing a decline of 1.1 per cent. In recent years, fossil fuels and nuclear energy have accounted for about 75 per cent of the global power generation structure, while renewable energy has accounted for about 25 per cent, albeit gradually, of which photovoltaic power continued to account for a low share, with photovoltaic power generating only 1.9 per cent of total global electricity generation growing in 2017.
Global photovoltaic penetration was 2.6 per cent in 2018, which is still at a low level. Countries with high photovoltaic penetration rates include Honduras (14 per cent), Germany (7.9 per cent), Greece (7.5 per cent), Italy (7.3 per cent), Chile (7.1 per cent), etc. In January-October 2019, the export capacity of photovoltaic components reached 54.47gw, an increase of 75.41 per cent compared to the previous year, and the dynamic growth of the overseas photovoltaic market was effective.
Domestic component exports grew annually at 67.1%, and in 2018 at 53%cr. The “decentization” and “floating” situations, mainly in South America, the Middle East and North Africa, continued to develop.
Of the annual installed capacity in 2018, Australia, Mexico, Turkey, the Netherlands, and non-traditional large photovoltaic units show that the emerging countries of the PVs are rising, and that the global installation of the PVs is showing a number of blooms. Lower concentration will reduce the dependence of the industrial chain on a single market, and it will be more advantageous to see that, according to the Solarpowereope data, the global new PV capacity was 102gw and 104gw, respectively, in 2017-2018.
New photovoltaic capacity in the Chinese and Chinese markets is 53gw and 44gw, respectively. The main reasons for the growth of new photovoltaic capacity worldwide are the sharp decline in the price chain of the photovoltaic industry, which has triggered higher expectations of overseas demand, and the increasing fragmentation of the photovoltaic market. In 2016, six countries exceeded 1gw, in 2018, 11 countries exceeded 1gw, in 2019, and the global gw level market is expected to reach 16.
Volume changes have a less and less impact on overall demand growth. 2.3 Market demand growth stems from the rapid decline in the cost of photovoltaic components, the fact that photovoltaics are becoming the lowest-cost energy source, and the acceleration of affordable Internet access, which is the most cost-reducing renewable energy in the last few years.
Source: Average annual decline of 16.82%. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency, between 2010 and 2018, photovoltaics were the fastest declining renewable energy cost: US$/kwh down to US$ 0.127/kwh, or 20.13%; the cost of onshore phoenix electricity fell from US$0.085/kwh down to 0.056, or 34.12%; and the cost of geothermal energy and hydropower increased to varying degrees.
The cost of light voltage has fallen from US$ 0.371/kwh in 2010 to US$0.085/kwh in 2018, a drop of 77.09 per cent, and a year-on-year average of 16.82 per cent, with costs falling much faster than wind power, biomass, and so on. Regionally, the cost of light voltage in major countries has fallen by about 60-80 per cent.
• Electrical equipment — grid access costs — land — counters
The decline in the cost of photovoltaic systems is mainly due to the decreasing price of photovoltaic components, which, on the one hand, are subject to a steady decline in prices, and technologies such as single crystal perc, which increase the efficiency of the conversion of photovoltaic components, increase in the power of single-fibre components, lower the cost of systems, significant increases in the profitability of photovoltaic projects, and the power of light. In recent years, the cost of photovoltaic components has declined rapidly, driven by a series of technological breakthroughs in the field of photovoltaic technology and intense market competition, and it has been established that the cost of photovoltaic components has declined rapidly.
According to the history of Bloomberg price data, the price of polycrystal components and monocrystal components has changed since 2015-2018 in figure 21. Photovoltaic component price trends ($/w) Photovoltaic is already the least costly power generation technology in 11 countries. As costs decline, photovoltage has begun to become a growing number of countries.
According to bnef, the lowest-cost power generation technology in most of the world ' s countries in 2014 was coal, with only Denmark, Germany, Uruguay having the lowest-cost wind power, while countries with the lowest-cost photovoltaics did not show. In 2019, the lowest-cost countries for photovoltaics and wind power produced far more coal than for natural gas, and the lowest-cost countries for photovoltaics included Australia, Chile, Egypt, France, India, Israel, Italy, Saudi Arabia.
Rabber, South Africa, Spain, Emirates, etc. 2.4 Single crystal market shares have been gradually increased. Single crystal silicon products have been gradually increasing their market share since 2015. In recent years, single crystal components have accounted for the share of total photovoltaic component exports in the country.
The increasing trend is beginning to be contained, with the ratio of single crystals to exports remaining largely at 6:4, with single crystal components still occupying most of the market area. From the point of view of the major destination countries, the export of Japanese, Dutch, Australian photovoltaic components is concentrated in single crystals, which are more in favour of high-efficiency components, and the rise in our share of single crystal exports is directly related to the opening up of the Dutch market. Brazil, India, for example, has prices.
Features of the grid-oriented market, dominated by multi-crystal components. 3, single-crystal absolute poles, high-efficiency photovoltaic solutions 3.1 single-crystal silicon champions
In 2006, companies opted for monocrystal as a technological development after in-depth study of various technological routes in the photovoltaic sector. Based on a single-crystal approach as a development strategy, companies are constantly developing monocrystal processing techniques to reduce production costs, and Lungi shares have now grown into single-crysilica.
The industry’s absolute leader, productive capacity and output for many years, will continue to be the first in terms of future capacity planning. Figure 23. Main monocrysilica mills’ commercial capacity now form two powerful monopolistic patterns, with Lungi and Central Monopolies largely monopolizing 80% of the market share, and owing to monocrysilica holdings.
The market situation continues to be disproportionate, with two companies having a very strong bargaining power over monocrysilica, the price of monocrysilica having declined rapidly since the second half of 2018 as a result of the “531” impact, which has remained around $3-3.1 per plate for almost a year and a half, and the price of loncilium silicone has remained constant for nine months at 3.07 per plate, and the price of tax-containing silicone has been adjusted in March only as a result of the value-added tax adjustment, and the price has not been adjusted for almost a year, while the price of this year's single crystallized silicone has been variable from year to year.
The first 0.95 pieces were expanded to 1.45 pieces, as evidenced by Lungi’s bargaining power and leadership within the industry.
The cost of non-silicon is a silicon fraction other than silicon, which is an important indicator of the technological level and cost-control capacity of the silicon-producing enterprises. By implementing fine-tuning management, companies speed up the import and volume of fruits, improve the control and efficiency of production operations, and reduce the cost of non-silicon products.
In the case of crystallization, the company’s crystallization process is far ahead of most competitors in the market. By using rcz technology and ccz technology, the company has increased the amount of material delivered to the single crystallized monocrystal single furnace, reducing the gap in the amount of material installed by single crystals; increasing the speed of long crystals by high pull speed, increasing the output of silicon sticks in time while improving the quality of the product; and reducing the time spent and disassembly per kilogram through multiple crystallization processes.
The crystal-crystal time and the cost of thugs increase energy efficiency. New processes, such as big loads, high speed, multiple tweaks, and associated equipment are modified with good technologies, as well as the introduction of some new materials and automated control systems that significantly reduce Lungi’s crystal-crystal costs and add up to these technologies, and companies have significantly reduced the cost gap between monocrystal rods and multicrystal casts and enhanced the market competitiveness of company monocrystal products.
In terms of silicone cutting technology, in 2012 the company took the lead in breaking the monopoly of Japanese suppliers by investing in the development and application of the national production “gold cutting” technology, facilitating the maturity of the national production “gold cutting” technology through short-term strategic losses, nurturing downstream equipment, auxiliary material suppliers, and rapidly turning the “gold cutting” technology into a technological development of single crystal slices and forming a reduction of the single crystal in the slice chain.
This advantage. The company has ample voice in the upstream and downstream development of the diamond line, and it has developed technology to become the standard-silicon industry’s standard-setter. As the future company’s diamond cutting technology matures, the company will introduce thiner and more efficient silicon, lowers the cost of silicon, and brings greater value to its customers.
3.3m6 silicon leads to a further upgrading of the light voltage without a new production line, m6 silicon leads to a direct leap in the power of the existing component to four levels, leading to an upgrade of the light voltage: 156.75 mm long since the end of 2013, with a standardized m2 specification of 210 mm long for the corner line before the consolidation of the silicon.
The silicon silicon silicon specifications were quickly mainstreamed into the industry, and downstream battery and assembly manufacturers used them as a standard, investing in production lines; with silicon silicon and 161.7*21-m4 silicon tablets applied to the industry in 2018, balancing existing production lines and increasing the power of the components. In 2019, Lungi launched 166*223-m6 single silicon silicon tablets with a length of 166 mm on the edge and 223 mm on the horn line, an increase of 12.21 per cent over the m2 silicon.
Correspondingly, for 72 components, m2-sized silicon power of 392w, m6-silicon power of 440w, m2-sized silicon power of 320w, and m6-silicon power of 360w power of 12.2%, with components directly upgraded to 4 levels.
The silicon silicon silicon specification reached 166 mm and neither silicon bar growth nor silicon slit cutting was subject to modification of the production processing equipment, with minor adjustments to the additional work parameters and processes, while the nonsilicon cost of silicon rods and silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon was reduced due to the increase in individual processing, for example, in December, the price of silicon m2 silicon silicon silicon was 3.07 yuan per silicon, m6 silicon 3.47 silicon silicon silicon pieces per silicon silicon, with a price difference of 13 per cent, corresponding to the area gain.
During the roll-out period, with large quantities of production, Lungi's projected price difference could be reduced to 0.20 yuan per piece, the price difference could be reduced to 6.5 per cent and the area increased by 12.2 per cent, while the price increase was only 6.5 per cent, which would undoubtedly be very tempting for battery film manufacturers.
Each processor is capable of meeting the diameter of m6 silicon, e.g., in the cell diffusion, de-fired, etc., m6 is compatible with the existing tube furnaces, and the battery production line conversion requires only the replacement of the engineering kit. For component production equipment and the flow line, it is equally necessary to replace the mold, which can be accomplished by a scalding parameter, and the current 60 and 72 water lines of the components are compatible.
Figure 27. Batteries and assemblies can be matched with m6 silicon tablets, diffusion/discharge/pipep, etc. If m6 and m2 single crystal silicon are manufactured with the same perc battery technology to produce 72 double-faced components, the cost is measured separately, m6 is in the battery ring.
The savings are 2.8 cents/w and 2.3 cents/w in the component chain, with a total savings of approximately 5.1 cents/w. For the current component price, a decrease of 2.88 pct is applied for the m6 component component; the component price is increased by 3-4 pct as the power of the component is increased from 385w to 434w and the grade is increased by four tranches; and the net interest rate is increased by 6-7 pct using m6 silicon.
The materials used for the m6 components are fully compatible with existing manufacturing equipment and, if further width is increased, will affect the supply of photovoltaic glass, and will benefit the production management and product control of the original feed suppliers if the main size is uniform to m6. For the photovoltaic system power station, the scaffolding of the m6 components can be associated with the ground base, only slightly longer, as well as tracking the silicon scales.
In terms of production management and net interest rates, m6 silicon tablets are attractive for battery, assembly, and system developers. The year 2020 will be the year when the market for m6 silicon will break out, and Lungi is expected to earn more.
In the current case of silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silient-silient-silicon-silent-silent-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silient-silicon-silient-silent-silient-silent-silicon-silient-silent-silly-silicon-silient-silent-silent-silent-silent-silent-silent-silent-silent-silent-slactries-silicon-silient-silent-silent-silient-silient-silient-silient-stained-sizing-sizing-sizing-sizing-sizing-sizing-sizing-sizing-sizing-sing-sing-sing-sing and-sing-sing-sing-s-s-s-sing-s-s-s-s-s-sing-s-sing-sing-s-s-sing-s-s-s-as-as-sover-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-
Pyrograms, even if they fall down to 0.177 in the future, will still yield a excess gain of $0.063 per piece for Lungi. 3.4prec+ still has technological potential, and two-sided components have great potential because single crystal perc efficiency gains are better than multi-crystal perc, although Lungi perc batteries are not capable of producing components.
On January 17, 2019, Lungi's new generation of single crystals with double-sided perc batteries was tested again by the National Centre for Photovoltaic Examination (cpvt), with a positive conversion efficiency of 24.06%.
For the first time, the perc battery efficiency went out of 24%, breaking what the industry had previously seen as a 24% perc battery efficiency bottle, and again becoming a record creator of the new world. The Lungi battery research and development line has now achieved an average battery efficiency of 22.92%.
Mainstream enterprises have a single crystal perc battery output efficiency of over 22%, and a 24% efficiency breakout shows good prospects for a single crystal perc technology that is not available in the next two to three years. Perc technology still deserves to be exploited, and through technologies such as se perc+, the volume perc battery efficiency is expected to reach 392w and 471w, respectively, with 60 components already having more power than the current 72-component power, with the components leaping to six levels.
On the basis of a single crystal silicon tap, Lungi expands the product chain to the component chain, moving from a corporate development of single crystal silicon to an efficient single crystal solar power solution for global customers. The component capacity has reached 15gw, the component income is already equal to that of silicon, and in recent years Lungi has been actively promoting two-sided components with power-generating benefits.
Figure 30. Lonki double-faced component applications, 8-20% increase in power generation. Factors that affect the backside of the two-faced component are, for example, reflectivity of the surface, the height of the component from the ground, the spacing of the array, the scattering light ratio, and the angle of the Sun. The generation gains vary from month to month. For example, grasslands, cement, sand and white paint surface hairs.
The electricity gain rose from 10% to 20%, and the Lungi crystal perc dual-sided components were not only widely used domestically, but also exported to the world, for example, in a number of tüv (German Association of Technical Supervisors) live power plants such as Hainan, India, Saudi Arabia, and the United States, with an 8-20% increase in electricity generation. As the two-sided products are still priced at one-sided capacity, the two-sided components do not show a clear price advantage, as the two-sided components are superior.
It is gradually being recognized downstream, for example, despite frictions in trade between the US and China, it is precisely in view of the superior performance and market demand of advanced dual-faced components, and the United States is exempt from customs duties on dual-faced components, which will gradually expand its market and price advantages in the future. Since Lungi shares products include single crystallized silicone, battery chips, and components, the main export products being single crystal silicon and assembly, battery fragments.
The results of the calculations show that at present, M2 single crystal silicon is 30.79 per cent, M2 single crystal silicon + battery + assembly 25.22 per cent, which is 11.42 pct higher than that of a single component, compared to the advantage of a single component manufacturer, the Longki long industry chain in 2020.
The expansion of production capacity, the soundness of overseas marketing networks, and the further growth in the volume of silicon and component shipments are clear. The M6 monocrysil silicon maori rate can reach 34.66%, 3.87 pct higher than m2, while battery chips and components are increased by 4.37 pct and 5.26 pct, respectively, with benefits from the entire industry chain, confirming the conclusion in the previous chapter that large silicon is an irreversible trend in the industry, which will further increase the single.
4.2 Profit forecasting and valuation assumes production of silicon for Lungi shares in 2019-2021 at 35, 50 and 75gw, and battery film production at 4, 11 and 15gw, respectively.
The yield is 9, 20 and 30gw, respectively, and the silicon is sold except for battery and component needs; conservative estimates of the tax-bearing average price of the m2 components are 3.07, 2.67 and 2.35, respectively, and the income and profits of the components and silicons are measured based on the Māori rate of each product in the previous section. Prices for photovoltaic products are not as high as expected;
Industry competition has increased, and corporate and Māori rates have fallen short of expectations. Address: Guangzhou International Finance Center, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City