We believe that in 2021 the company will continue to benefit from the economic recovery and intermediate operating income of the priority region.
Further expansion is expected to result in further improvement in the revenue performance of the main business. The company is valued below the industry average, and the company’s performance is expected to be repaired in good circumstances, with higher ratings maintained.
The performance of the Shanghai Bank was positive in 2020, with annual revenue/net profit increases of between 0.91%/-7.99% and 1.90%/2.89% in the previous three quarters. The company’s performance was reduced by the same profits before the year’s provision was made.
Looking ahead for 2021, we believe that corporate profitability will continue to benefit from regional economic recovery, as well as from further expansion of middle-level business revenues, and further improvement in the performance of the main business. The year’s interest gap is wide, and the cost of indebtedness is improving.
The Shanghai Bank raised its interest differential by 4 bp to 1.82 per cent in 2020 compared to 2019, with net interest rates ranging from 4 bp to 1.94 per cent below the same year, mainly driven by asset-end rates of return, ranging from 29 bp to 4.20 per cent below the same year, while liabilities recovered interest rates and interest-paying costs will rise, but the company will continue to optimize its asset allocation strategy.
Mitigating the narrow pressure on interest differentials and spreads from the end-of-the-end cost of liabilities. 4-quarter negative round balance, with attention to follow-up asset quality developments. 4-quarter end-of-sea bank bad rate ring equal to 1.22 per cent of interest-group loans compared to 3-quarters
At the end, an increase of 12 bp to 1.91% is mainly affected by the large number of late business operations. We measure that the indicators such as class loans, deviations, etc. cause volatility, but the overall poor + interest rate of the company is better than the industry average, and that the base of the provision is strong, the regional economy has significant advantages and the overall asset quality risk is manageable.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and regulatory controls exceeded expectations.
The Shanghai Bank publishes its annual report for 2020, with a parent net profit ratio of +2.89 per cent in 2020 (8.00 per cent in the previous three quarters). Operating income is equal to +1.90 per cent, net interest differentials are 1.82 per cent (+4bp, yoy), net interest income is equal to +14.58 per cent, and net fees revenue is equal to +9.46 per cent. Cost revenue is higher than 18.93 per cent and net profits are positive at a year-on-year rate, with better harvests.
The performance of the Shanghai Bank recovered in 2020, with the annual recovery/net profit increase of -0.91 per cent/-7.99 per cent from the previous three quarters to cash instalments adjusted from fee income to interest income, with an increase less comparable to the previous three quarters. In terms of fee income performance, agent revenue increased by 23.3 per cent in 2020, largely as a result of growth in corporate finance and fund overhead revenue.
The company’s revenue performance has risen from -0.1 per cent to 2.9 per cent in the previous three quarters of the year’s pre-repreparation rate to a positive increase in the previous three quarters, with a weaker margin in the fourth quarter, leading to a greater improvement in net profit compared to the previous three quarters. Looking ahead, in 2021, we believe that the company’s profits will continue to benefit from the region’s economic recovery and further expansion of its middle operating income, with the main operating income performing.
In 2020, the Shanghai Bank increased its interest differential by 4 bp to 1.82 per cent from 2019, with net interest ranging from 4 bp to 1.94 per cent below the same date, mainly owing to asset-end earnings, which ranged from 29 bp to 4.20 per cent below 2019, and the end-of-debt cost range from 25 bp to 2.26 per cent below the same date. The cost improvement of corporate liabilities benefits from the optimization of structures and lower market fund interest rates. In terms of the average daily balance of liabilities, deposits at the end of 2020 account for interest-bearing.
The share of liabilities was 58.4 per cent, an increase of 0.5 percentage points from 2019; the share of current deposits in deposits increased by 0.5 percentage points from 2019 to continue to optimize the asset allocation strategy to mitigate the narrow pressure on interest differentials and spreads at the end of the liability.
The Shanghai Bank ' s negative rate at the end of the four seasons was 1.22 per cent at the same level as in the three quarters, ranging from 11 bp to 1.12 per cent at the end of the six-month period to 9 bp to 1.43 per cent at the end of the six-month period, or related to the company ' s acceleration of the potential for bad results. At the end of the four-quarters, corporate interest loans accounted for an increase of 12 bp to 1.91 per cent at the end of the three-month period and were mainly affected by individual large-time overdue operations, but the percentage of loans at the end of the four-quarters was still at an absolute level.
Overdue operations are integrated into the overall management of the Debt Committee, and follow-up on progress in debt restructuring. According to our end-of-year caliber estimates, between 2020 and 321%, the absolute level of coverage provided remains relatively high in the industry.
The Shanghai Bank has improved its profits over the fourth quarter, increased its provision for release, and has led to a year-round upturn in performance. The company has taken root in Shanghai, where silver and silver companies have worked very hard, while setting up regional business layouts, institutional layouts, covering long triangles, ring seas, beads, and key cities in the centre and west.
We believe that in 2021 companies will continue to benefit from regional economic warming, with a focus on regional warming, and below the average for the medium term, and that in 2021 the company’s business performance is promising to contribute to the restoration of valuations and maintain a higher rating. The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation is either expected to over-market the concessionary policy, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.