F-FDTL Strategic Air Force Construction for Transport and Bombing Aids, 0919, with long-term growth space Aerial rehabilitation mechanisms leading the way, our military transports and the sole assembly platform for bombers.
The company is currently operating in three main categories: military aircraft, civilian aircraft and accessories, and international sub-contracts: large- and medium-sized transport aircraft, including 20-day transport, and bombing aircraft, mainly 7- and 8-year-olds; civilian aircraft, new boat series; and civilian aircraft, including c919, arj-21: State.
Air transport: Boeing, Airfarers, etc. Military aircraft: to benefit from the transition of our air force to a strategic air force. As the state of tension around the country increases, the daily patrolling of the Taiwan and the South China Seas has moved the air force from the national territory to the defense of the country.
The military aircraft, which have long-range precision strike capabilities and delivery capabilities, form the basis for the strategic transformation of the air force, and the company develops and produces the total stock/flow (millions) of the country ' s large and medium-sized transport aircraft.
The only main platform for the production of bombers and bombers will certainly benefit from the strategic transformation of the Air Force.
Large. The company produced a large transport 20 in 2016 and is moving forward. We expect that the shipment 20 will be more than 250 in the future as a core delivery platform for the strategic air force, and that the Chinese aircraft (000768), the Chinese aircraft, will be required in the future.
Small- and medium-sized transport aircraft - 8 and 9 - serve as special platforms such as early warning machines, anti-submarine aircraft, and electronic warfare aircraft, to enrich the air force’s operational systems and develop promising prospects.
– The bombing of 6k production continues to take place, benefiting from the development of a new generation of bombers. The bombing of 6k made by the company's Chinese aircraft (000768), the Chinese aircraft, is the only carrier of our current strategic air strike force, and its status is short.
(000768) The period of semi-annual performance forecasting cannot be replaced, and production is expected to continue at a steady rate; a new generation of bombing is reported to be being developed in the country.
The company, which is the main unit for the development and production of domestic bombers, is expected to obtain a significant research kit for civilian aircraft: large aircraft c919 core units to open the company’s space for long-term development.
The major national aircraft 0919 major component provider, allegedly bearing approximately 85 per cent of the work of the airframe component.c 919 Airworthiness evidence work is currently under way and is expected to be delivered first or in 2021.c In addition, the company is a major supplier of spare parts for the national feeder arj21, and the body is processed.c
We believe that the prospects for the future development of national civil aircraft are broad, opening the space for long-term corporate development. Civil aircraft build-up: the potential for global feeder aviation is high, and the company’s new boat series is well placed.
In the interior and west, Africa and South-East Asia, there is a large gap in feeder air traffic and a huge demand for turbos. The new boat series is the country's only national turbo-line passenger aircraft, and the company's hand order is a profit forecast and rating. The company is responsible for the country's large, medium-sized and medium-sized aircraft, which are dominated by transport and bombers.
The development and manufacture of civil-military aircraft, while also serving as an important zero supplier of civil aircraft, such as c919, benefited from the acceleration of the military priority-type assembly and the huge growth space for civil aviation. With the implementation of the military pricing reform, new pricing mechanisms and more market-based procurement mechanisms will be implemented.
The company’s future performance growth can be less than expected: reforms such as the reform of the military pricing system are not as fast as expected. Transport bombing support strategic air force building, 0919 packages open up long-term growth space.
Transport bombing support strategic air force construction. c919 with long-term growth space.
The Chinese aircraft belongs to the Chinese Aviation Industries Group, which is responsible for the development and manufacture of our medium- and large-sized civil-military aircraft, and is also a major supplier of spare parts, such as C919, arj21 and ag600. The company was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange in 1997 and, after two major asset restructurings between 2008 and 2012, completed the Western Flying Group and the Western Flying Group.
The M&As, the Chinese aircraft landing gear, and the Western naval braking are among the leading companies in the country with the capability to develop and manufacture key spare parts for large- and medium-sized aircraft. The shareholders in the company are the China-China Industrial Group, which holds 59.92% of the company's shares directly and indirectly.
Directly holding 40% of the company’s shares, indirectly controlling 19.92% of the company’s shares, and actually controlling the Chinese aircraft.
(c) Civil aircraft: new boat series (60, 600 and 700);
(a) Processing of aeronautical parts: arj21, c919, etc.;
Over the past five years, the company ' s operating income and net return earnings have increased steadily. In 2018, the operating income amounted to $33.448 billion, with a compound increase of 12.09 per cent from 2014 to 2018; in 2018, the net return profit was $558 million; in the first quarter of 2019, the growth rate was faster and the profitability of the company continued to increase.
Inflow of $5.375 billion, an increase of 21.42 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $3.947 million, an increase of 46.13 per cent over the same year; withholding of transport bombing support for strategic air force construction, with 0919 packages opening up long-term growth space, revenue recognition as seasonal and a low quarterly performance reference value.
Although “balanced production” is currently being introduced, due to the concentration of military delivery nodes, companies do have a higher rate of recognition in the fourth quarter, at around 40 per cent in the calendar year, at the lowest in the first quarter, and at around 15 per cent in the calendar year. As a result, management costs increase in the first quarter of operations are reduced from year to year, and there is a trend of decreasing costs over time.
Separately shown from the administrative costs, the management costs and R & D costs represent 3.1% of the total, still show a significant decline in the 700 R & D investment portfolio, and the R & D cash flow will continue to decrease in 2019. The company now has the highest R & D investment in the listed mainframe plant. In 2018, the company spent $627 million on R & D, a decrease of 23.07%;
Transport bombing support strategic air force building, 0919 with long-term growth space. The company's research and development investment, mainly for new boats of new civilian turbo-line aircraft, was carried out mainly by the subsidiaries of the Western Mansion. In 2018, the Western Manchurian aircraft was replenished with $7.308 billion, of which $5 billion was in cash and $2.308 billion in physical assets.
As a result, the share of the company dropped from 36.84 per cent to 32.81 per cent and lost control of the Western Civil Aviation and was no longer included in the consolidated form. The increase was mainly for the development of 700 new boats, and the pressure on companies to invest in research and development on 700 new boats was reduced. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate were low and there was scope for improvement.
The level of net corporate profitability is low, and we believe that with the reform of military pricing mechanisms to untie and incentivize profit margins, and through the outsourcing of non-core production through civil-military integration, the growth in corporate Māori and net profit levels has been large and elastic.
Chart 10: The reform of the military price-fixing mechanism for the Chinese airplane du Pont has been implemented, and the profit margin is expected to increase, and our military price-fixing mechanism is now largely based on the 1996 National Committee for Planning, the Ministry of Finance, the Chiefs of Staff and the National Defence Science and Technology Commission.
Co-promulgated Measures for the Management of Military Prices, the procurement of military equipment by means of open tendering, invitations to tender for procurement, and pricing by means of “cost plus” pricing.
Under the original pricing model, “prices = military price review costs x (1+5%)”, the company’s profit margin would theoretically not exceed 4.76%, while in the process of pricing, the military would “exaggerate” the costs deemed unreasonable, resulting in the total plant’s profit margin being lower than that of the Military Price Negotiation Rules issued on 14 January 2019, implying the 1996 military price.
As an “incentive to limit profits.” The new pricing bargaining rules open up 5%* of the cost of the ceiling through incentive constraints.
Changes in the direction and pricing modalities of the pricing bargaining mechanism will give enterprises more space to reduce the cost of segmentation and supporting purchases, thus opening up the profit margins of the main mainframe plant. As the mainframe, the Chinese aircraft will be subject to future changes in the price pricing bargaining system, and the profit margin is expected to increase effectively.
In July 2017, the Aviation Industries Group launched a general programme of medium- and long-term incentives, publishing " China Aviation Industries Group " .
The interim scheme for medium- and long-term incentives for companies, which clearly sets out the general framework and specific requirements for medium- and long-term incentives for corporate groups, and regulates the modalities and procedures for medium- and long-term incentives implementation. In May 2018, Shen Fei, China, launched the Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme as a first step in the implementation of equity incentives.
The company’s future equity incentives are to be expected, driven by the group’s overall incentive approach and the piloting of sister units.
2.1 The Air Force has shifted its position to a strategic, large-scale transport, bombers, etc. The Air Force has shifted from a national air defence to an offensive and a combination, extending its mission to a distant ocean. Based on the basics, our Air Force has long been a national air defence.
In 2014, Secretary-General Xi Jinping proposed the strategic objective of “Accelerating the construction of a strong and secure people, supported by a strong force for the realization of the Chinese dream, the strong army dream.” The task facing the Air Force is to:
The air defenses of the former country have shifted towards defensive and combined air mobility, as well as to diversified operational tasks. The air defence of the fishing islands, the control of the east sea and sea anti-aircraft zones, the South China Sea cruise, and the cruises have made our air force a new norm.
At present, our air force is equipped with various types of aircraft far from the requirements of the Strategic Air Force. We believe that with the construction of the Strategic Air Force, which transports bombing support, the 0919 package opens up long-term growth space.
The urgent need for weapons such as transport aircraft, large bombers, aerial early warning aircraft, refuelling aircraft, etc. has increased significantly. 2.2 Transport aircraft: steady progress in the transport of the 20th platoon, transport and other improved development prospects.
\triangleright Military transport aircraft are airlifts of military units for rapid deployment, troop strength, combat equipment and military materiel, casualty evacuation aircraft for air and air drop missions. Military air and sea transport, together with ground transportation, constitute a complete military transport unit.
The use of transport aircraft for military air transport is an important mode of mobility and means of warfare in modern warfare, characterized by high mobility, speed, distance, and freedom from geographical constraints. Military transport aircraft are divided into strategic and tactical transport aircraft.
The US and Russia were the only countries in the world that could build strategic transport aircraft, and the delivery of the 20-day shipment marked the country’s entry into the strategy.
We have a wide gap in the number of transport aircraft, a large stock of small and medium-sized aircraft, a lack of transport support for the strategic air force construction, and a long-term growth space of 0919.
The difference between the number of our military carriers and the number of the world’s military powers is clear. According to Worldairforces 2018, the United States has 953 military transport aircraft that are the world’s number one and Russia 393 the world’s highest; of these, the United States has 267 and Russia 107, accounting for 28.0 per cent, respectively, of its total military transport fleet.
27.2 per cent. We have 185 military transport aircraft, the fourth largest in the world, with a marked difference between Russia and the United States, and a lower total than India. 36 per cent and 41 per cent of the 185 transport aircraft with our military equipment, respectively, are small and medium-sized, and 41 per cent are in the main. However, the two types of aircraft carry less than 30 tons and have limited capacity.
Imported IL-76 (48 tons load) ... and newly served 20-ton large transport aircraft (66 tons load).The load level is relatively low and relatively small.
Figure 16: In contrast to the Russian-American transport agencies, the Russian Express is a core representative of strategic delivery capabilities, with multiple kinds of collaboration leading to the overall operational strength of the air force.
The point is large transport and delivery capacity. The vast size of our country, the transition to a “strategic air force,” requires large transport aircraft as the core platform for long-range delivery. Because large transport aircraft are inherently slow, less mobile, air fights are extremely limited, and surface defense capabilities are extremely limited.
To play its full strategic role in the Gulf and Iraq wars, the Air Force needs to be better equipped with multiple aircraft, such as reconnaissance, early warning, electronic interference, air control, and ground-to-ground bombing. The development of our large transport aircraft will therefore lead to the development of other types of aircraft in the Air Force and improve its overall operational capability.
Transport bombing support strategic air force construction, 0919 with long-term growth space
Transport-20 performance indicators are excellent. Transport-20 is a new generation of jets that we have developed, made mainly by Western Flying, first in 2013 and first in 2016. As the first class of national production large transport aircraft, the transport-20 integrates advanced international design concepts and manufacturing techniques in air layouts, flight control systems, airframe structures, navigational power, etc.
The engine uses a Russian d-30ku vortex engine, which will gradually be replaced with a new domestic vortex engine with a higher weight ratio, and the load is expected to increase further. Aircraft performance indicators are also available in the world’s mainstream large transport aircraft.
First, large transport aircraft are in great demand. According to the 2014 Civil-Military Integration Development Report published by the National Defense University, our Air Force needs to equip more than 10 transport fleets.
In order to meet the needs of missions in the Asian region, more than 400 aircraft in the series 20 series are required. Secondly, remodelling such as refuelling machines is promising. Transportation-20, a large air platform, can be modified with a variety of special equipment.
The conversion to a refuelling machine will greatly enhance the combat power of our warplanes and increase our military long-range strike capability. According to media reports, we may have made some progress in moving 20 refuelling machines. In addition to the refuelling machines, the transformation of a variety of aircraft in the future 20 will bring greater market space.
Large military transport aircraft, the demand for retrofitting, and the civil market are huge, and we reasonably estimate that the demand for military transport alone will exceed 250 units, estimated at $130 million per unit price, and that the size of the overall market will exceed RMB 200 billion. As the only unit for the major aircraft--20 build-up mechanism, the continued volume of transport--20 will support the growth of corporate revenues.
Medium transport aircraft tactical transport tasks with high potential for special platforms Medium transport aircraft are still the main air transport aircraft with a large number of models. According to Worldairforce 2018, we currently carry 7 medium transport aircraft, 8 transport aircraft, 9 transport units, 67 transport aircraft, 75 aircraft and 8 aircraft, respectively, constituting me.
The national air force transport aircraft is a mainframe type that can play a role in medium- and short-range transport missions.
Figure 25: Russian AN-12 transport aircraft Chart 26: United States c-130 transport support strategic air force construction, 0919 set up long-term growth space
The gap between special missions is clear, and there is a great potential for medium-sized transport aircraft to be modified. According to Worldairforces 2018 data, the fleet accounts for 40% of the total number of its air force.
U.S. Special mission aircraft are being upgraded mainly in the C-130 series of transport aircraft, and the extensive use of U.S. early warning aircraft and electronic warfare aircraft during the Gulf War and the Iraq War indicates that in the age of informatization, the transport of medium-sized aircraft, represented by 8 and 9, is used as a platform for the transformation of special mission platforms such as early warning aircraft, electronic warfare aircraft, anti-submarine patrol aircraft, etc. in our strategic air force.
Figure 29: Transport-8, Transport-9 medium transport aircraft with great potential to re-engineer platforms 2.3 Bombers: bombarding - 6k production in a sustained manner or benefiting from the development of a new generation of bombers
Bombers are aircraft dedicated to bombing the main strategic objectives of the ground, the surface, and the main delivery platform for nuclear weapons, characterized by a high number of attacks, a large number of bombs and a long range, the main weapon of air strikes by airmen, and the deterrent force of the air force in carrying out strategic attacks.
Strategic bombers are long-range bombers for strategic missions. Because of the high cost of development, procurement, and maintenance, few countries in the world currently produce and equip strategic bombers, such as the United States, Russia, India, and China.
China’s air force, which is both defensive and prepared, must develop a certain number of strategic bombers. The remodelling of the 6 series has shown remarkable progress as a strategic strike force, and the Chinese bombers are mainly of the type 5 (retired), 6 and 6k aircraft used to carry out remote precision.
The strike, nuclear strike, ground support, surprise, etc., and the bombing of the 6-bomber and its remodelling are the year-long bulk production of the strategic bombing forces of my army. The aircraft has a variety of modifications, including the bombing of 6-A, the bombing of 6-A, the electric warfare aircraft, the bombing of the transport bombing support and the construction of the Strategic Air Force, which has opened up long-term growth space at 0919.
Oil-6 air refuelling aircraft, boom-6h, boom-6k, etc., with the latest remodelling 6k, with a range of more than 7,000 km and a radius of more than 2,500 km, with six long sword-10 cruise missiles capable of covering Guam.
In terms of the range of cruises, Taiwan, the South China Sea, the Sea of Japan, the Chinese military airframes are present; in terms of cruise frequency, the number has increased from several times a year to several times a month. As the main force of the long-range attack, Boom-6k was the firepower of the cruise formation and its central position.
The short-term demand for bombing - 6k is expected to rise further, and companies will benefit from the development of the fourth generation of strategic bombers, despite the fact that we have a series of 6-bomber platforms, we still have gaps in our strategic air strike power, such as that of the United States and Russia.
According to Worldairforces 2018, the United States and Russia have 155 and 126 strategic bombers, respectively, of which the United States owns 20 long-range multi-purpose bombers b-2. The series of bombing-6 is not as large as the United States and Russia.
Yes. Like the United States b-2 bombers, a strategic bomber with an invisible, large war radius is still empty, transport bombing support strategic air force is being built, and 0919 is set to open long-term growth space. New bombers are reported to be under study, and companies will benefit in the long term.
The development of a new generation of long-range bombers (lrs-b) is aimed at addressing the challenges facing the United States ' global strategic response from 2020 onwards. According to media reports, the new generation of bombers that we are developing will greatly enhance our strategic strike and deterrence capabilities on the basis of the bombing of 6k.
The only production unit would benefit in the long term from the equipment of a new generation of bombers. 2.4 Shelling: Leopards were used as tactical bombers and reportedly no longer in production.
It's an aircraft with a deep tactical depth, a target on the surface, and a more capable aircraft. It's a 7-capture bomber, code-named "Fly Panther," a double-shot hypersonic striker developed by the 603 West and China Shipping Industries. It was the first successful flight in 1988. It was launched in 1996. It was heavily equipped both in naval aviation and in the air force.
Capable strike bombers, “flying leopards” can be used to attack targets deep in battles and at sea and on the ground. 16 heavy-duty fighter planes are mounted, complemented by the force of the “flying leopard” ladder. Since the twenty-first century, the development of strike bombers has been characterized by their multi-task nature, which combines air-fighting capabilities with battle-ground air support capabilities, with “flying leopards” research.
In the 1980s, there was a gap between technical indicators and the current mainstream strike bombers. The new dual-task combat machine 16 (shen-fly) has been equipped with troops to complement the original panther ladder.
Civilian spare parts: c919 main target, open space for long-term growth
The company has an advantage in the structure of the body, the landing gear, and the brake system. The structure of the body: the company has developed the capability of building the structure of the body, supported by development, with the advantage of large-scale components and components, which are world-class machines.
Seters and engine brakes systems: the core and monopoly position of corporate landing gear and engine brake systems development in the domestic industry is a world-class landing shelf system designed, manufactured, tested and served as one, with a strong demand for civilian aircraft and a market of nearly $6 trillion over the next two decades.
According to the Chinese Commercial Air Company ' s Annual Forecast Report for the Civil Aircraft Market 2018-2037, the global economy will continue to grow at an average rate of 4.46 per cent per year for the next two decades, with global passenger turnover (rpk) increasing at an average rate of 4.46 per cent per year, and 42,002 new aircraft will be delivered globally, valued at almost $5.76 trillion (in 2017).
Catalogue prices are based. Of these, about 4816 turbo branch passenger aircraft were delivered, valued at over $226.2 billion; 29691 single-channel jet aircraft were delivered, valued at $2.98 trillion; and 8195 dual-channel passenger aircraft were delivered, valued at about $2.56 trillion.
The annual report predicts that China will continue to grow at a relatively high rate over the next two decades, while steady economic growth will also lead to the development of the air transport industry. Over the next two decades, China is projected to grow by an average annual growth of 4.9% in gdp, and an average annual growth of 5.3% in the fleet.
Transport bombing support strategic air force construction, 0919 with long-term growth space 3.2 international turnkeys: large-sized parts and components, international turnkeys keep growing, tailings, air passenger a320 wings, English-space wing boxes, French-air atr-42 wings, atr72 zero components, etc.
The Division ' s turnkey operations involve Boeing, Air Passenger Hoster Type, a significant increase in production technology and competitiveness, with large-scale zero-sized vendors. International turnkey production by companies keeps up the growth momentum. 3.2 Country-owned spare parts for civil aircraft: 85 per cent of the c919 fleet, with long-term benefits.
Core components, such as the front, middle, wing, front landing gear, other national-type aircraft, ag600, landing gears, wheel brakes, etc. The delivery of major components of the development projects, such as the company ' s c919, arj21 and ag600 aircraft, is progressing well 2018
c919: The company's airframes are about 85%, opening up long-term growth space, and the first large, national-made civil aircraft was delivered in 0919 or 2021 and is in the process of obtaining airworthiness evidence.
More than 100 aircraft typically operate between major cities. Most are medium- and long-range high-sonic jet aircraft, mainly single-channel (narrow body) and double-channel (broad body) aircraft, which are the main aircraft in air transport. The 0919 passenger is China’s first single-channel (narrow body) with autonomous intellectual property rights in accordance with the latest international seaworthiness standards.
Mainline large aircraft. The conceptual validation, physical design, prototype mechanism design, static mechanics and fatigue testing and test flight were completed in 10 years after the creation of the project in 2008.c 919 was successfully launched on 5 May 2017 and is currently in the process of airworthiness, transport and bombing support strategic air force construction, with 0919 set up long-term growth space.
Technical indicators are too hard to challenge two giants in the field of main line aircraft. 0919 is at the levels of the air movement layout, structural design, flight control series and Boeing 737 series. Currently, the civil main line aircraft market is dominated by aircrews and Boeing, and the C919, which is supported by the development of the offensive and the national will, is expected to challenge the Boeing and the domestic market with a price advantage.
Bipolar status of airfarers. Chart 41: Airfarers a320neo Chart 42: Comparison of narrow-body passenger aircraft in selected countries
Construction of the Strategic Air Force for Transport Bombing Support, 0919, with the development and production of a global supply model for Boeing and Airfarers, with reference Boeing and Air Passengers, using decentralized procurement - centralized assembly.
Advanced technology, such as equipment and airborne systems, is provided by foreign suppliers of systems equipment and domestic enterprises to form joint ventures.
In addition, the production of the body, the vertical tail and the engine hanger after c919 is controlled by Shen Feimin, who holds the company’s share of the airframe (including the central wing) and the outer wing box (including the pre-fixed and rear edge).
To date, a total of 815 orders have been received from 28 clients, both domestic and foreign, and are expected to be delivered in 2021. On 1 August 2019, the first test flight of the C919 fourth test aircraft took place. The company, as a major component supplier, allegedly occupied the C919.
Approximately 85 per cent of the body's share of work (over 30 per cent of the aircraft's value) will benefit from the release of c919 in the long term.
Figure 45: 0919 by-wing Chart 46: c919 header anrj21: Large production speed increase space, company provider of major components
The \triangleright arj-21 new feeder aircraft is the first new vortex fan passenger aircraft to be developed by China itself in accordance with international civil aviation regulations and with autonomous intellectual property rights, and the first time China has applied for the United States Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) model under arra25.
Qualified aircraft, 78-90 seats, with a maximum range of 3,700 kilometres, obtained a Chinese Civil Aviation Authority model certificate on 30 December 2014 and a Chinese Civil Aviation Authority production licence on 9 July 2017. In 2016, it began operating in the commercial sector.
Transport bombing support strategic air force building, 0919 with long-term growth space, feeder air market space and rising demand. Subline aircraft usually refer to small passenger aircraft of less than 100, usually designed to have 35-100 seats, mainly for short local distances, small cities, large cities and small ones.
Global competition patterns are changing. In the traditional feeder air market, Canada's Bombardy.
This pattern has changed dramatically in recent years. In July 2018, airfarers successfully acquired 50.01% of the shares in the Bombadic branch aircraft business: the Pumbadash-8 series acquired by Viking Air in November 2018; and the Mitsubishi Heavy Worker in June 2019.
Billion dollars buys 80% of the small passenger aircraft sector. To this point, Boeing and Airfarers also dominate the airline market, with Mitsubishi, Japan, and our merchants as competitors in the feeder aircraft market.
According to public sources, our arj21 sales price is around $29 million, with a certain price advantage over competitors ($460-60 million in the Brazilian e2 series and $42 million in the Japanese mrj).
In the international market, arj21 is primarily targeted at Asia and Africa. By November 2018, arj21 had received 528 orders from 24 clients, with sufficient orders and hundreds of billions of yuan.
From the commercial delivery of the first arm-21 in 2015 to June 2019, a cumulative delivery of 13 units will result in the production capacity of more than 30 batches per year, with a cumulative delivery of 100 units by 2021.
The company is the major manufacturer of the arj21 components, benefiting from the full volume production \triangleright company, which has complete aircraft component manufacturing capacity, including body, wing, head, etc., and assumes the arj21 aircraft parts package
At present, the company’s mechanical processing tasks in arj21 have increased to more than 85%, with a value of 40%. The increase in commercial arj21 production has led to a significant increase in the company’s aircraft spare parts manufacturing operations.
At present, the main feeder aircraft are the only national turbo line aircraft in the country.
It is divided into jet-coated and turbo-coated aircraft. Compared to jet-type aircraft, turbo-coupled aircraft consume less fuel, operate less expensive than jet-type aircraft, and are more environmentally friendly and suitable for short-range routes. For example, ex-global turbo-subline aircraft account for 11% of the total number of subline aircraft, showing strong rivalships between atr and Bombardy, China.
The new 600 and the new 700 that are under development have the goal of breaking the industry’s monopoly. Transport bombing support strategic air force building, 0919 with long-term growth space.
Short-distance feeder flights have great potential, new routes are helping the growth of \trianglerights \, the branch aviation industry has grown rapidly in the last 10 years, and there is still potential for development in the mid-western region.
Economic development, the improvement of the material living standards of the population, the drive for ease of movement and comfort, the rapid growth of the civil aviation industry, especially the shorter-distance feeder airline industry, which has grown more than tenfold in the country's direct routes over the past decade. The construction of the feeder airway in the eastern part of the country is already intense, and the ground environment is complex and suitable for spreading the air.
The mid-western part of China’s transport industry still has some potential for development. Turbo jets are more economically efficient than jet jets, which are easier to spread in economically underdeveloped mid-western regions. The Italian atr company, which leads in the area of turbo-line passenger aircraft, expects to increase the number of domestic turbos from 40 to 340 between 2017 and 2037.
The vast majority of the increase was in turbo jets of 70 or more grades. Transport bombing support strategic air force construction, 0919 with long-term growth space on the international market, the continent and countries of South-East Asia with high density, shorter distances between countries, and land.
The poor environment is not suitable for ground transportation, and the development of low-cost feeder aviation is the best option. Atr projects that there will be more than 400 demand in South-East Asia, Africa, and the Middle East between 2017 and 2037.
Good cooperation is expected in the future in the field of turbo jets.
The "New Boat" 60 is a passenger aircraft of the Air Industry Group, which is autonomously designed for the construction and bulk-in-service operation of the first vortex line, in accordance with civil aviation airworthiness management requirements. The "New Boat" aircraft has been operating in the country since the end of 2007.
This has led to improved passenger flight experience, which has made it easier to repair and repair aircraft, while maintaining a price advantage over competitors. The new 600 will be launched in 2008. The new 600 will provide full access to markets such as Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Latin America, Africa and the Commonwealth of Independent States, based on the consolidation of the new 60 markets.
Transport bombing support strategic air force building, 0919 with long-term growth space, home customers, nearly 300 routes operating. 700: R & D is on the rise, and global competition is on the rise.
The new 700 is a new 70-stage turbo-lined aircraft that started to be demonstrated in 2006 on the basis of the new 60, and was developed in 2008 within the group. The project has now been fully converted to production through a design review.
Trial and validation phase. The first "New Boat" 700 aircraft was scheduled to be laid off in September 2019 and first flown by the end of 2019, and to be marketed in 2021 with a Chinese Civil Aviation Authority-type certificate.
The "New Boat" series of aircraft, which was more than $70 billion in market size, faced 300 domestic and 400 foreign priority areas in 2017-2037. The new 600 is set at close to $100 million, and we expect the new 700 is priced at over $100 million, thus calculating the market-oriented.
Purchase orders. In 2018, the company delivered three new-boats. 4.2 West Mansions expanded their holdings to meet the financing requirements of 700 new-ship aircraft. West Manchurians are the backbone of the engine of the company's “New Boat” series.
After the replenishment was completed, the share of the company was reduced from 36.84% to 32.81%, no longer in control of the Western civilian aircraft. The purpose of the replenishment was to implement the financial requirements for the development of 700 aircraft.
Majority, long investment cycles, etc... The new ship 700 is still under development, the funds needed for research and development are huge, and economic benefits are less inflow during the development period. Higher financial pressure and financing costs for mid-flight aircraft will have a negative impact on normal research production by companies. With this replenishment, there will be an additional 5 billion cash flow to ensure the future development of Western Civil Aviation.
Transport bombing support for the Strategic Air Force, with 0919 set up to open the long-term growth space, the company undertakes the tasks of developing and manufacturing our large and medium-sized civil-military aircraft, which are dominated by transport and bombers.
New pricing mechanisms and more market-based procurement mechanisms will provide avenues for companies to raise profit margins and open up space for future growth in their performance.
Military aircraft, such as transport aircraft, are not as fast as expected; civil aircraft in countries such as 0919 are not as fast as expected; and reforms, such as the reform of the military pricing system, are not as fast as expected.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report