According to company announcements, it is proposed to invest in the new 40,000 tonnes/year basic lithium salt integration project, including 20,000 tonnes of electricity.
To expand lithium, extend lithium, and accelerate the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base. First, we believe that the company, as the backbone of the development of the Qinghai Salt Lake resource, is investing 40,000 tons of base lithium salt, on the one hand, to play the role of Zair.
The high resource edge of the Lake Khan Salt, the implementation of the strategy for the development of “stabilizing potassium and expanding lithium” and the construction of the total production capacity of lithium compounds in the post-partum public holdings will rise from 30,000 to 70,000 tons per year (the Blue Lithium industry) at a rate of 67.42 million tonnes lce/year, and on the other hand will lay the foundation for the subsequent extension of the lithium product value chain.
In particular, the construction of 20,000 tons of lithium chloride, which can be sold directly in the future, or as a base material for deep-processed products such as lithium hydroxide and lithium metal, has been technically proven by the company's own adsorbent + membrane separation coupling process in the 1+2 capacity of the Blue Lithium industry.
(a) Maturity and production stability, with experience and team development, while the new investment of 40,000 tons will also be implemented in the company's potassium-sumitium industrial park, with an infrastructure package, a co-insurance package of support materials, $6,759 million in construction, $125 million in liquidity and $198 million in interest on loans for the construction period;
The unit capital expenditure budget for this project is estimated at $18.2 million per ton, of which the construction investment is $180.06 million per ton. Fourth, the operating costs are considered to be low-cost capacity expansion in the lithium industry, despite capex's high intensity. For example, the operating costs of lithium carbonate in the blue lithium industry in 2021 are estimated.
Twenty-two thousand yuan per ton, which is economically significant in the current environment of lithium carbonate prices of $43,470,000 per ton. Resources are framed as barriers to food security, “barrel stones” and new energy, “guardians.” The company is controlled by the Qinghai State Finance Committee, which has 13.86% of the total resources of the Salt Lake.
An area of 5856 km2, one of China's largest soluble potassium magnesium salt deposits and one of the largest salt lakes in the world, has a total of 540 million tons of potassium chloride, 1.242 million tons of lithium chloride and more than 40 tons of magnesium chloride.
Billions of tons of mineral rights, covering 3700 km2 of Salt Lake Tharkhan, account for 63% of the Salt Lake and occupy the core.
The largest potassium fertilizer production base in China is China's elasticity to achieve 50 per cent self-sufficiency in potassium fertilizer supply and to ensure food security (2021/10/30).
In addition to this construction project of 40,000 tonnes, 30,000 tonnes of battery class (2021/8/17) of the Salt Lake Biadi joint venture (with 49.5% of shares) is being tested and the total potassium salt production of the company will reach 100,000 in the future.
In addition to expanding production capacity, another focus is on achieving high-quality development of salt lake resources, and the Division is increasing research and development inputs, building “brain salt lakes” and promoting refined mining and higher yields. The high-scenario cycles in the potassium and lithium industries are well developed, and companies are expected to benefit fully.
In the face of the present, the high prices of overseas agricultural products, the high concentration of global potassium fertilizer supply and the United States sanctions on Belarusian potassium fertilizer, we expect that the price of potassium fertilizer will remain strong and that there will be some room for domestic price increases; at the same time, the demand for new energy vehicles and storage capacity will continue to increase, while the supply of global lithium resources will continue to increase.
A process of quantitative transformation will support the price hub for lithium products to remain high. We expect that the company, if the global supply of potassium and lithium resources were to be released in excess of expectations, as well as weak global demand, will lead to falling commodity prices, corporate performance pressure, and, in the case of integrated development of the resources of the Salt Lake of Charhan, project approval and capacity-building, will be less advanced than expected.
If the global supply of potassium, lithium resources is released beyond expectations, and global demand is weak, this will lead to falling commodity prices, corporate industries, and firms that are less advanced than expected in their integrated development of the resources of Salt Lake Charkhan, project approval and capacity-building.