Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz)-22q1 performance forecast boosts the price of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate.
Potassium chloride plate: The company produced approximately 1.14 million tons of potassium 2201, sold about 1.45 million tons, and sold more than 310,000 tons, mainly because the company retained more stocks in 2021. At the price side of the sale, the company responded positively to the national policy of price stabilization, and the sales price of potassium chloride, though rising steadily, continued to rise.
This is lower than China’s import price of potassium fertilizer. 52 weeks’ maximum/minimum price also leaves a portion of the lithium carbonate inventory, which has not decreased at 2201.
Lithium carbonate production lines are relatively low in winter and are expected to revert to full-load production in the second quarter. As far as sales prices are concerned, companies mainly use side-to-side pricing, so selling prices are closer to those of the spot market.
Both core business plates are in a high-winding cycle: the company has gained a unique strategic resource advantage in the Salt Lake of Hizharkhan, and has a very important strategic position in the development of the Salt Lake resource, becoming a national two-dipose business of potassium fertilizer and lithium from the Salt Lake. Both potassium chloride and lithium carbonate are currently industry-intensive.
Ten thousand tons/year, the country’s largest producer of potassium chloride, accounting for more than 60% of the country’s total production capacity; and currently, overseas potassium fertilizer supplies with force majeure, pushing up the global price of potassium fertilizer. The company’s present capacity of 30,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate is the country’s largest producer of lithium salt lake, with a relatively high cost advantage and still significant cost.
Salt Lake Share-000792-Intense Report: The potential for increased production of salt lake lithium in the country ' s potassium-fatal taps; the current pattern of high supply and demand in the lithium industry, where lithium carbonate prices are at historically high levels and are expected to be difficult to mitigate in the short term; and China ' s rich reserves of lithium resources, which are also used as salt lake resources
Mainly, the company is expected to fully enjoy the strategic dividends of the Great Salt Lake Development of the Qinghai Sea. Investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Both potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lakes are in absolute leadership in the country, particularly with regard to the prospect of rapid expansion of the company's future capacity in the area of lithium salt lakes, full enjoyment of the dividends from the high-screage cycle in the lithium industry, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
In 2021, about 5.02 million tons of potassium chloride were produced and sold at about 4.65 million tons. In terms of sales prices for potassium chloride, companies responded positively to the national policy of keeping prices stable.
The year also left a portion of the lithium carbonate inventory, and the performance forecast revealed that in 2021 lithium carbonate production was about 22.7 million tons and sold about 19.2 million tons, so that at least 3,500 tons of inventory levels did not decline in the first quarter of this year. Moreover, the company ' s lithium carbonate production line was relatively low in winter and was expected to be available in the second quarter.
In the case of lithium carbonate sales prices, the company uses market-on-the-market pricing, so the prices are closer to those of the spot market. The two core business plates are in high swings.
The company is a state-owned company owned by the Qinghai State Finance Committee, which has acquired a unique strategic resource based on the advantages of the Salt Lake of Hezharkhan, and has a very important strategic position in the development of salt lake resources, becoming a leading company for potassium fertilizer and lithium from salt lakes in the country. Potassium chloride and lithium carbonate are currently very high-intensity plates in the industry, with companies all year round.
The company currently produces 5.5 million tons of potassium chloride per year, the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, accounting for more than 60% of the country’s total production capacity. The company’s potassium fertilizer production technology is leading and cost-effective, guaranteeing food security in the country.
“Ballaststones” are currently supplied with high levels of force majeure in overseas potassium fertilizer, with 37 per cent of the total supply in Belarus and Russia, limited in potassium fertilizer exports as a result of sanctions and geopolitical conflicts, and a significant increase in global potassium fertilizer prices as prices of food, bulk commodities, etc. are rising.
The company now has 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production, the largest salt lake lithium producer in the country, with a strong economic advantage, and still has great potential for expansion. The lithium industry is now in a pattern of both demand and supply, and the cost of lithium mines and lithium salt is at an all-time high. The world is dominated by China, Europe, and the United States, supporting new energy automobile development policies.
China’s vast reserves of lithium resources, dominated by salt lake resources, are important in order to guarantee security and stability in the supply of lithium resources, and to accelerate the development of domestic salt lake resources. Qinghai will accelerate the construction of the world.
In view of the company’s unique resource advantage in the Salt Lake in Totchar Khan, the company is in a position of absolute leadership in the areas of potassium fertilizer and salt lake lithium, especially in the future production of the company’s lithium in salt lakes.
Annual profit projections, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author