Salt lake shares (000792.sz) Additional 40,000 tons of lithium salt project, salt lake lithium annual capacity master plan to reach 100,000 tons.
Liu Mengjing Company announcement: To speed up the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base, the company's 14th eco-saline lake industry development plan “Extension of lithium” will be implemented.
Strategic deployment, extension of the lithium industry chain, and proposed investment in a new 40,000-ton/year basic lithium salt integration project. The project is to create a new 20,000-ton battery class lithium carbonate plus 20,000-ton lithium chloride per year in a 24-month construction cycle in the company ' s lithium potassium Zarkhan industrial park, with a total investment of about 70.82 Nintendo metal perspective: 1) the current capacity of lithium carbonate production in the company ' s controlling subsidiary, the Blue Lithium industry, with 30,000 tons/year planned for construction by the controlling subsidiary, Salt Lake Biadi
(b) The two core business plates are at high-profile times: the company's current potassium chloride production capacity of 5 million tons per year, the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, accounting for more than 60 per cent of the country's total production capacity, and the current supply of overseas potassium fertilizer for force majeure, which boosts the global price of potassium fertilizer; and the company's current production capacity of lithium carbonate production of 30,000 tons per year, which is the largest in the country.
The salt lake lithium production industry, which has a relatively high cost advantage and still has significant potential for expansion, has a pattern of supply and demand in the lithium industry, where lithium carbonate is an absolute leader in both potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lake. In particular, the company's future capacity in the salt lake lithium production is expected to expand rapidly and it is expected to fully benefit from the development dividends of the high-profile gas cycle in the lithium industry, with a small increase in the 2022 profit forecast and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating;
• “The expansion of lithium” is an important initiative of the company to implement the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base in Qinghai. After many years of exploration and innovation, the company has developed sophisticated salt lake lithium technology and has achieved scale and efficient production.
The company builds on its current capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, helping to consolidate the industry's leading position in salt lake lithium and accelerating its becoming a “facilitator” of new energy sources. The company has a current capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, which can be produced in its controlled subsidiary, the Blue Lithium Industries.
The industry’s leading firms have managed to overcome the worldwide technical challenge of “sorting lithium from ultra-high magnesium to halogic water.” The first-year production of 10,000 tons of industrial-grade lithium carbonate devices began in 2012, yielding 8,000/11008/11302/13602 tons in four years from 2017 to 2020, even exceeding the production target. The blue-colour lithium industry also launched an extension of 20,000 tons/year battery-grade lithium carbonate at the end of 2017.
The project, with a total investment of $3.13 billion, has completed the installation of the 20,000-ton project in March 2021, with the exception of lithium sanity devices, which are now in the process of being tested. Overall, lithium carbonate production in 2021 reached 227,000 tons and is expected to reach more than 30,000 tons this year.
Core advantage 1: Resource advantage, high potential for expansion and low cost of Salt Lake Tharkhan Salt Lake is located in the mid-eastern part of the Zayda River Basin, known as the Pulse Basin, 168 km east-west, 20-40 km north-south, 5658 km2, 2680 m above sea level, potassium chloride 5.4 x 10°t in the lake, magnesium chloride 4.0 x 10°t, lithium chloride 1.2 x 10°t, all ranked first in China.
At present, the Blue Lithium industry is buying old halo for the production of lithium carbonate after the salt lake shares have been enriched with potassium. The salt lake potassium fertilizer production is estimated at 5 million tons per year, with an annual discharge of about 200 million cubic metres of halogen, with a concentration of lithium ion at around 200-250 mg/l, i.e., the annual emission of lithium from old halogic resources.
Lithium chlorination, which is 200,000 to 300,000 tons, provides a reliable resource guarantee for the development of the lithium industry. Lithium production in the Blue Lithium industry is 1 ton of industrial-grade carbonate. Lithium is consumed by halogenated water containing approximately 2,000 cubic cubic metres of lithium chloride at 250 to 300 mg/l. Core advantage 2: Technological advantage, new lithium efficient adsorption is self-produced.
In 2010, the Blue Lithium industry introduced the sorbent technology of the Russian academic team, which successfully achieved a breakthrough in the technique of halohydrate. The sorbent currently used by the company is a new type of lithium efficient sorbent, optimized on the basis of Russian sorbent, which is a product that the company has developed and produced autonomously, has a national technology patent, and the sorbent loss is contained within 10%. The company’s new sorbent efficient sorbent synthesis method introduces other low-cost materials.
Optimization of the preparation process significantly reduces the cost of manufacturing and reduces the full cost of the final product. The cost of manufacturing new and efficient lithium adsorbents is reduced by about 50% compared to the cost of manufacturing one generation of adsorbents. The company ' s autonomous production of the adsorption fully meets the production requirements.
In recent years, the company’s full cost of lithium carbonate has been kept within $34,000 per ton. The company is now further reducing the cost of lithium carbonate production by optimizing process technology, reducing consumption, reducing procurement costs and increasing production, among other things.
In October 2016, Salt Lake Biade, Inc., co-invested with Biade and Drodo Investments in the formation of Biade Resources Development Co. Ltd., Salt Lake, with 49.5% and Biadi shares.
Forty-nine per cent of the company owned a 1.5 per cent share in Cheuk Hao Investment Limited in Shenzhen City and the company planned to build a 30,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project. Depending on process production characteristics, the project was divided into salt fields and reservoirs, lithium lifting, lithium sink and adsorbent, and four process devices; the project was expected to invest a total of $4.85 billion, of which 30 per cent was self-financed by the enterprise and the remaining 70 per cent applied for bank loans.
The construction process has been largely completed, but it was not initiated because of changes in the lithium carbonate market and the judicial restructuring of the previous company. Salt Lake Biade is now fully demonstrating the core content of the construction, seeking early construction and a new configuration of the company’s lithium industry.
With an annual capacity of 40,000 tons expected to start construction this year, two projects are expected to be phased into production by 2024, based on 24 months of the construction cycle, so the company is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the area of lithium salt lakes and to maintain its position as the leader of the country’s lithium salt lakes industry. Of the new planned capacity of 40,000 tons per year, there are also 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year and 20,000 tons of lithium chloride per year, with the company on lithium chloride products.
The layout is conducive to a future expansion of lithium hydroxide or lithium metal, and to some extent reduces the project’s risks. Given the importance attached to the development of domestic lithium resources, Qinghai will accelerate the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base, with Chinese lithium reserves of both ores and salt lake lithium.
Four provinces (Autonomous Region), in addition to five provinces (Autonomous Region), including Hunan, Xinjiang, Henan, Fujian, Qingxi. Tibet and Qinghai are mainly saline lake halogenated, Sichuan Ganze and Ahab oblasts are rich in lithium quartz resources, and Jiang Xi Yichun is the main production base for lithium cloud mothers. Domestic resources are dominated by Salt Lake, with great potential for development.
Lithium halogen is a potential resource of 92.5 million tons (lici). Lithium saline lake resources are concentrated in Qinghai and Tibet: smm statistics, with 10 lithium mines in Qinghai salt lake resources and 24,47.38 million tons of chlorinated lithium reserves, and 80 salt lakes with marginal industrial grades in Tibetan salt lake resources, of which more than 8 are large, and 17,383.4 million tons of chlorinated lithium resource reserves.
It is important for China to develop lithium from salt lakes. The Australian Lithium Foil + Chinese Lithium Salt Plant is currently the most cost-effective and fast-discharge combination, but the global supply of lithium concentrates is strained and concentrated mainly in Australia, with future capacity release uncertain if the domestic meso-lithium salt processing plant is unable to lock in stable upstream resources.
China’s exploration of the salt lake lithium process has been for decades, with the discovery of natural carbonate lithium ore by the Zheng Meanchei in the Zabuye Salt Lake in 1980, followed by continuous lithium experiments, and the continued optimization of the process route, but the overall development has been slower. Major constraints include the high altitude of the Tibetan salt lake, the difficulty of building the surrounding infrastructure, and the constraints of production and transportation; and the resources of the Qinghai salt lake.
Technical routes are becoming more mature and productive. As the process routes are constantly being explored, there have been substantial breakthroughs in lithium-distillation techniques in our salt lakes, and different enterprises have developed methods suitable for their own resource characteristics, such as Zabuye Salt Lake in Tibet, a low-magnesium lithium-based salt-carbonate lake, and solar pool methods;
For example, the Zalkhan Salt Lake, a sulfate-type sulfate lake with super-high magnesium ratio, uses adsorbent titium, and other salt lake process paths include membrane, solvent extraction, and burning. As the domestic salt lake lithium process matures, the cost of producing lithium carbonate has become more competitive and progresses towards trial production, volume production, and production.
Qinghai will accelerate the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base. According to Xinhua Society, President Xi Jinping participated in the XIII National People’s Congress on 7 March 2021, during the Qinghai delegation’s deliberations at the Qinghai Conference, the need to implement innovative-driven development strategies that take into account the strengths and resources of Qinghai and accelerate the construction of a world-class salt lake
The first meeting of the operational programming leadership group for the construction of a world-class salt lake industry was held in Sinning on 16 May 2021, to consider the first draft of the Action Plan for Building a world-class salt lake industry base.
To further follow up on the important message of Xi Jinping's participation in the Qinghai delegation's deliberations, in particular the important request to “accelerating the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base”, the Qinghai Provincial Commission and the provincial government attached great importance to the top-level design. The Action Planning Lead Group for the construction of a world-class salt lake industry hosted a validation meeting of national experts on the Programme of Action in Beijing on 20 May 2021 to hear eminent academics and experts from the country's salt lake industry.
Scholars' specific comments on the evaluation and revision of the Programme of Action (first draft) ensure that the Programme of Action is more scientific, forward-looking and operational.The two core business plates of the company are in a high-growth cycle and are expected to benefit from the strategic dividends of industrial development.
There is a very important strategic position in this regard, becoming a domestic two-diplomatic business for potassium fertilizer and salt lakes. The companies are now industry-destroyed plates for potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, and the company’s business performance is expected to grow across the board throughout the year.
Stabilization of potassium, expansion of lithium, breakthrough of magnesium, development of sodium, development of scattered elements, development of high-end high-energy, high-value-added industries, orderly promotion of salt lake resources.
Optimizing the salt lake industry, expanding finance, brigades, ladder development, one nuclear, two wings, multiple support, ecological priority.
Development of new materials, lithium, photovoltaic, equipment, etc. with the salt lake industry Resources + capital + technology + market
The company's current potassium chloride design capacity of 5 million tonnes/year is the country's largest producer of potassium chloride, accounting for more than 60% of the country's total production capacity. The company's leading and cost advantage is the “barrel stone” that ensures food security in our country. It is currently supplied with potassium chloride overseas for force majeure, with Belarus and Russia providing about 38% of the world's potassium fertilizer, which is restricted in the export of potassium fertilizer as a result of sanctions and geopolitical conflicts;
The company’s sales price of potassium fertilizer is expected to rise further this year’s large contract price. The company’s current capacity of 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year is the country’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes, with obvious cost advantages and still significant costs.
The world, with China, Europe, and the United States as the majority, is supporting new-energy automobile development policies, with clear trends in motor motorization worldwide, which has become the most central driver of lithium consumption. At the same time, the lithium resource development cycle is long, with supply-side increases or below demand-side increases, and the lithium industry is expected to reach more than three years.
China’s reserves of lithium resources are abundant, and it is important to ensure security and stability in the supply of lithium resources, and to accelerate the development of the domestic resources of lithium salt lakes. The Qinghai will accelerate the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base, and the company is expected to fully benefit from the production of lithium carbonate from the Great Salt Lake development in the Qinghai region, amounting to about 0.77 million tons, and will sell about 0.67 million tons. 2202 is expected to increase efficiency in production lines as the temperature in the Qinghai region warms.
Both potassium chloride and lithium carbonate production ring ratios will rise. Lithium in the lake is an absolute leader, especially in the prospect of a rapid expansion in the company’s future capacity in the area of lithium salt lagoons, with full potential for the development dividends of the lithium industry’s high-growth cycle, an upwards profit forecast for 2022, and a “buy-in” rating.
The price increases for potassium fertilizer and lithium salt have fallen short of expectations; lithium carbonate expansion has been slower than expected; Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz): The binuclear booster performance for potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, and the expansion of lithium production capacity in salt lakes is to be expected; Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) 22q1 performance forecast: The booster performance for potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, both core plates are in place
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them