Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) * Incident: The company issued an announcement on the investment of a new 40,000 tonnes/year basic lithium salt integration project, and on 27 May the company issued an announcement to build 20,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year + 20,000 tonnes of chlorine
:: The 40,000-ton lithium base salt project, which invests $7,082 million in a 24-month construction cycle. • The resource end has low-cost potassium halogen from Salt Lake Tharkhan, mature membrane processes that guarantee productive capacity.
A mid-test of the original halogenated lithium in the lithium region, the use of a new company price comparison with a 300-deep trend in the back end of the lithium fluid recovery by Blueco, and improved recovery rates to support further release of capacity.
Ten thousand tons of capacity, plus the planned 40,000 tons of capacity, the company will have 70,000 tons of lithium salt and capacity; the company ' s share of the salt lake Biadi project, with 30,000 tons of capacity, will be tested mainly by Biadi using its own technology, and is not related to this project; this 40,000 tons of capacity is also not fully controlled by the company.
This 40,000-ton project has the advantage of using mature adsorption techniques with relatively short production cycles and lower production costs. The cost of the blue lithium salt is now $35,000 per ton, and the company used to be blue.
The cost of lithium salt has increased, but remains low compared to the current high lithium prices. At the same time, 40,000 tons of more flexible 20,000 tonnes of electric carbon + 20,000 tonnes of lithium have been introduced.
Lithium chloride, which can be either sold directly or processed as feedstock for lithium hydroxide or lithium metal, if there is uncertainty in the market following the completion of the production capacity. Potassium potassium is highly profitable, cash flow is abundant and asset indebtedness is consistently declining at the rate of lithium salt.
The size of the single-ton investment in this 40,000-ton lithium salt project is $177,000, which is slightly higher than that of the 20,000-ton project unit in Blueco, mainly for the following three reasons:
The project initially planned to invest separately in freshwater pipelines. After removing the above factors, the project unit invested 20 + 10,000 tons in blue.
There has been no significant increase in the benefits of potassium lithium, the net profit achieved by the company at 22q1 is 3.5 billion yuan, and high profits continue to improve cash flow and net assets: q1 net operating cash flow is 4.5 billion yuan, and at the end of the period cash flow is 9.9 billion yuan.
1. Potassium fertilizer prices have risen and lithium salt levels have risen, and the financial situation is good; the asset-liability ratio has continued to decline to 49%. With the company ' s current cash flow and solvency, it is easier to invest in this 40,000-ton lithium salt project with its own funds and bank loans
In the context of the potassium fertilizer industry, overseas Russian and Belarusian potassium fertilizer supply is affected by the political situation, the supply and demand of potassium fertilizer is tight, and the company, as the largest producer of potassium fertilizer in the country, benefits from the increase in the price of potassium fertilizer; and the lithium salt business.
On the other hand, Renko's 30,000-ton production performance, and the construction of 40,000-ton production capacity would be compatible with the construction of a world-class salt lake in the year when the company achieved a net return of 14.3 billion yuan, 15.6 billion yuan and 15 billion yuan, respectively, at less than the expected risk of the price of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate; the planned expansion of lithium carbonate would not meet the expected risk;
Policy and other risks, such as environmental protection; inefficient company management and operations; use of legitimate compliance information to produce the report independently and objectively; data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.