Salt lake shares (000792.sz) Potassium chloride and lithium carbonate dinucleic booster performance, expansion of lithium production in salt lakes to be expected
Tons; lithium carbonate production of approximately 227,000 tons, sold at about 19,300 tons, and stocks at about 3435 tons. Potassium chloride plate: company 2201 potassium chloride production at about 1.14 million tons, sold at about 1.45 million tons, sold at more than 310,000 tons, mainly because the company retained a larger stock in 2021.
The company responded positively to the country’s policy of keeping prices steady, but sales prices of potassium chloride were still lower than China’s imports of potassium fertilizer. The annual stock of lithium carbonate, which did not decline at 2201, was also left in part.
Lithium carbonate production lines are relatively low in winter and are expected to revert to full-load production in the second quarter. As far as sales prices are concerned, companies mainly use side-to-side pricing, so selling prices are closer to those of the spot market.
The two core business plates are in a high-growth cycle: the company has a unique strategic resource advantage in the Salt Lake of Hizharkhan, and has a very important strategic position in the development of the Salt Lake resource, becoming a national co-lead for potassium fertilizer and lithium from the Salt Lake. The company currently produces 5 million tonnes of potassium chloride per year, which is the largest in the country.
Potassium chloride production companies, which account for more than 60% of total domestic production capacity; currently overseas potassium fertilizer supplies force majeure. Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) 2201 performance forecast: Potassium chloride and lithium carbonate have a high incidence, contributing to global potassium fertilizer prices.
(b) The salt lake lithium production industry, which has a relatively high cost advantage and still has a significant potential for expansion;
With a pattern of high supply and demand, lithium carbonate prices are at an all-time high; China’s lithium reserves are abundant, with salt lake resources in the main, and companies are expected to fully benefit from the strategic dividends of the Great Salt Lake Development in the Qinghai. The investment proposal is to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
It's 9.5/9.3.8.6 x. Given the company's unique resource advantage in the salt lake in Totshar Khan, it is in a position of absolute leadership in the areas of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lakes in the country, especially in the area of lithium in salt lakes, where the company's future capacity is expected to expand rapidly and to fully enjoy the benefits of the high-growth cycle in the lithium industry.
Development dividend, 2022 increase in profit forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 478 million yuan net return to the mother in 2021 and $3.497 billion net return to the mother in 22q1
Quarterly reports issued by the company in 2022: 7,617 million yuan, +152.50 per cent of the year; net profit on return to the mother, 34.97 billion yuan, +340.01 per cent of the year, within the range of 34.5-3550 million yuan previously forecasted performance; figure 2: net profit on the company to the mother (in millions of yuan)
Lithium carbonate production was about 227,000 tons, sold about 19,300 tons, and stored about 3435 tons. tons, mainly due to the fact that the company had more stocks in 2021. In terms of sales prices for potassium chloride, companies responded positively to the national policy of price stabilization, and sales prices for potassium chloride, while rising steadily, remained lower than in China.
The annual stock of lithium carbonate, which did not decline in the first quarter of this year, was also retained. In addition, the company’s lithium carbonate production line, which is relatively low in winter, is expected to return to full-load production in the second quarter.
As far as the price of lithium carbonate sales is concerned, the company mainly uses side-to-side pricing, so the price is closer to the spot market. This is due to the company’s reduced interest costs associated with the unacknowledged amortization of the financing costs compared with the previous period.
Figure 3: Total corporate liabilities & asset-liability ratios The two core business portfolios are in a high-growth cycle and are expected to benefit from the strategic dividends of industry development. The company is a state-owned company owned by the Qinghai State Finance Committee, which is uniquely endowed with strategic resources based on the Salt Lake of Haithar Khan in Qinghai Province.
The advantage is that there is a very important strategic position in the development of salt lake resources, making it a two-lead business for potassium fertilizer and lithium from salt lakes. Potassium chloride and lithium carbonate are currently high-profile segments of the industry, and companies are expected to grow across the board throughout the year.
The company now has 5 million tonnes/year of chlorinated potassium design capacity, the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, accounting for more than 60% of the country's total production capacity. The company's leading technology in the production of potassium chloride, with its strong cost advantages, is the “barrel stone” that guarantees our food security.
Supply accounts for about 38% of the world’s supply, with exports of potassium fertilizer restricted by sanctions and geopolitical conflicts; and global prices of potassium fertilizer are rising sharply as prices of food, bulk commodities, etc. The sale price of corporate potassium fertilizer products is also expected to rise further this year’s large contract price guidelines.
The company now has 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production, the largest salt lake lithium producer in the country, with a relatively high cost and potential for expansion. The lithium industry is now in a pattern of supply and demand, and the cost of lithium mines and lithium salt is at an all-time high. The world’s development policy, which is dominated by China, Europe, and the United States, supports new energy cars.
China’s vast reserves of lithium resources, dominated by salt lake resources, are important in order to guarantee security and stability in the supply of lithium resources, and to accelerate the development of domestic salt lake resources. Qinghai will accelerate the construction of the world.
The company is expected to fully benefit from the strategic dividends of the Great Salt Lake Development Initiative.
Stabilization of potassium, expansion of lithium, breakthrough of magnesium, development of sodium, development of scattered elements, development of high-end high-energy, high-value-added industries, orderly promotion of salt lake resources.
Optimizing the salt lake industry, expanding finance, brigades, ladder development, one nuclear, two wings, multiple support, ecological priority.
Development of new materials, lithium, photovoltaic, equipment, etc. with the salt lake industry Resources + capital + technology + market
It is 9.5/9.3.8.6 x. Given the company's unique resource advantage in the Salt Lake of Totchar Khan, it is in absolute leadership in the areas of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lakes in the country, particularly in the expectation of future profits from the company's ability to produce lithium in the salt lakes, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them