“Ballaststone” of Chinese potassium resource security, opening up growth space 27/05/2022 Summary of events: 26 May, company announcement to accelerate construction of a world-class salt lake industry base
The Division's “14th Five-Year” Development Plan for the Eco-Saline Lake Industry “Extension of Lithium” Strategic Deployment, Extension of the Lithium Industry Chain, proposed for the construction of a new 40,000 tonnes/year Basic Lithium Salt Integration Project with a total investment of about $708,157.4 million.
\triangleright "1+2+3" totals 60,000 tons of lithium carbonate, of which 30,000 tons of carbonate were produced in the first and second phases of the Blue Lithium industry.
With the next extension of 40,000 tons of capacity, the company is expected to have a total of 100,000 tons of future lithium salt production capacity, which will become the country's well-deserved backbone in the lithium and potassium industries, and will gradually take on the responsibility of “serving” in the future, and we expect the benefits to be around 70,000 tons, opening up the space for future growth.
The product variety is more diverse and will be extended in the future to deep-processed areas. Specifically, the company’s primary expansion of 40,000 tons of capacity includes an annual production of 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate plus 20,000 tons of chlorinated lithium per year, which is more diversified in future product varieties than its pre-observed production capacity (the output of industrial-grade lithium carbonate products) (increased chlorination).
Lithium Qiuzu. Lithium chloride, as a basic lithium salt product, can be used as a raw material for deep-processed products such as lithium hydroxide or even metal lithium, and the company will either enrich the product in the future or add value to it in the future.
Depending on future market conditions, flexible product types can be adapted to possible future changes in market and technology routes. Construction investments are large, but companies are expected to achieve good economic benefits with low-cost expansion.
From the point of view of single-ton capital expenditure, the company invested $177,000 in single-ton investments, which are generally in the higher water level 1. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) in the 2021 Annual Report, which we judge or relate to the higher cost of front-end installations and ancillary facilities. But from the point of view of the return on investment,
22q1 Quarterly Review: Prices rise to best performance, heavy. The company has now demonstrated the maturity of the company's current adsorption technology and the full cost of one ton of lithium carbonate, depending on the strategic position of potassium lithium resources.
Only about $40,000, with high lithium prices, and a shorter recovery period for investment costs and better economic performance. 2. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) 2022q1 performance forecast. Lithium resource supply and demand are inconsistent, and accelerated domestic resource development is the best option. Salt Lake shares are Chinese lithium resources.
Accumulations: significant increases in value levels, emphasis on the strategic position of potassium lithium resources, self-controllable safeguards. (1) In the case of rapidly growing demand for downstream electric vehicles, storage capacity, etc., only increases.
Supply is the ultimate solution to the contradiction between the supply of and demand for lithium. In China, the Qinghai, Tibet, Sichuan, Jiangxi, etc., the “barrel stone” that secures the supply of potassium fertilizer and lithium resources is rich in lithium resources, which can only be guaranteed by accelerating the development of the domestic lithium resources and guaranteeing the domestic supply of its own lithium resources.
4. Salt Lake shares: drop in sales and secure development of the new domestic energy industry chain. Otherwise, profits from the industrial chain will quickly be transferred upstream, abroad, and the division will be bankrupt and will be out of business in 2022.
China’s indigenous lithium resources are strategically highlighted. (2) The company has formed the salt lake lithium item 1+2+3+4 5. Salt lake shares: sitting on top, of which the 1st stage of production and the 2nd stage of production have been released, and the salt lake Biadi 30,000 tons of production are in the middle.
With this expansion of capacity of 40,000 tons, the company will take on the responsibility of securing China’s lithium resources in the future. The investment proposal: We believe that, with the high price of potassium, the company’s elastic performance is remarkable, and the company’s 2022–2022–
\triangleright daily round-up price is the benchmark, corresponding to 11x, 11x, 10x, maintaining the company's “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.