“Summary of the Ballast Stone Incident: On April 7th, six departments, including the Ministry of Industry and Communications, issued a joint publication entitled "On the 14th Five-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F3-F3-F3-F3-F4-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F4-F4-F4-F3-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F4-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3
The Guidance on Quality Development in the Industrial Sector calls for the strengthening of fertilizer production factor security, increased production concentration and utilization of the production capacity of backbone enterprises, ensuring stable supply of fertilizers, and the promotion of international cooperation in the development of resources such as potassium salt, in accordance with the principle of marketization, and the enhancement of domestic exploration for potassium resources.
Analysis and diagnosis: Global supply and demand of potassium fertilizer, high prices, salt lake shares are a “barrel stone” for national food security and supply of potassium fertilizer for protection. (1) China is one of the world's largest producers of potassium fertilizer, but external dependence is around 50 per cent, and Russia, Belarus and others, the major producers of potassium fertilizer in the Russian-Turkish conflict, are sanctioned.
The flow of potassium fertilizer is suspended. The supply of potassium fertilizer is tight in China, and globally, owing to the high uncertainty of overseas supply, and the global price of potassium fertilizer has reached an all-time high of nearly 10 years. According to farmers’ reports, the price of large particles of potassium chloride in Brazil has reached $1,200 per ton, while demand remains strong. (2) The company has 5 million tons of potassium per year of fertility and is in the middle.
First, fourth in the world, companies have increased the self-sufficiency rate of potassium in China and, to a large extent, played the role of a “barrel stone” in the supply of potassium fertilizer.
With a contract price of $590/tcfr, our country continues to maintain the status of the world's potassium fertilizer “price low.” The strategic position of food security is highlighted by the global pattern of potassium fertilizer supply and demand, prices or long-term high, companies \triangleright
In the long run, there are fewer new potassium mines, low project delivery expectations, slower supply of potassium fertilizer, but the contradiction between the continued growth of the population and the decline in the per capita cultivated area will support the growth in the long-term demand for potassium fertilizer; in the short term, the importance of food in Belarus under sanctions, the epidemic and the Russian-Ukrainian conflict has been highlighted, and the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to remain high.
The supply of and demand for lithium resources are inconsistent, and accelerated domestic resource development is the best option. Salt Lake shares are a self-controllable guarantee of China’s lithium resources. (1) With rapidly growing demand for downstream electric vehicles, storage, etc., only salt Lake shares are increased by 1.
Supply is the ultimate solution to the contradiction between the supply of and demand for lithium. The bankruptcy of China’s Qinghai, Tibet, Sichuan and Jiangxi has delayed performance.
2. Salt Lake shares: secure development of the domestic new energy industry chain. Otherwise, profits from the industrial chain will be rapidly transferred upstream and abroad, with qualitative strategic potassium lithium resources, and salt lake taps growing in time.
China’s indigenous lithium resources are strategically highlighted. (2) The company has formed a salt lake lithium project, “1+2+3.”
On 8 April of that year, the taxed price of potassium chloride (60% powder) in Qinghai Salt Lake was raised to $3900 per ton, and the average tax price for industrial-grade carbon and lithium acid was 48.35 million yuan per ton. According to the company ' s announcement, 370,000 tons of potassium chloride and 3,500 tons of lithium carbonate in 2021, we believe that the company, as a state company, will assume responsibility for safeguarding the country ' s potassium fertilizer and lithium resources.
The heavy burden of supply is the release of the company’s performance in 2022 at current high potassium fat and lithium prices. Investment proposal: We believe that, under high potassium lithium prices, the company’s performance is particularly resilient and the company’s 2021-\triangleright is on the rise.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.