The Salt Lake (000792.sz) incident company announced that it would invest $7.08 billion in the new 40,000 tonnes/year basic lithium salt integration project, Yuen Wenbo
Including 20,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium carbonate and 20,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium chloride per year for a 24-month construction period. 1+2+3+4 of lithium salt layout, continued consolidation of the company-controlled crown of lithium from salt lakes.
The company and Biadi joint venture (with 49.5 per cent of the company ' s shareholding) are in the interim phase of construction of 30,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium carbonate; the current announcement of 40,000 tonnes/year lithium salt project will generate 70,000 tonnes/year lithium salt production capacity in the short and medium term. The expansion of lithium is the company ' s implementation of Green.
The important initiative of the Action Programme for the Construction of a World Salt Lake Industry Base (2021-2035) on the expansion of the lithium industry, which builds on the existing capacity of 30,000 tons per year of lithium carbonate, has helped to consolidate the industrial leader of the company ' s salt lake lithium.
The price of lithium carbonate supported by demand and cost is still at an all-time high of $450,000/t or more, and is still at an all-time high. High growth in the sale of new energy vehicles has led to a significant increase in the demand for lithium carbonate.
Lithium oxide grade (fob, 5.5%); calculated to correspond to lithium carbonate at a cost of approximately 400,000 yuan per tonne, which will provide strong support for lithium carbonate prices at the cost end; and the price of potassium chloride, which is still on the rise in 2022, is still being increased by a significant contraction in supply.
In particular, the sanctions imposed on Belarus and the Russian moratorium on fertilizer exports (for unfriendly countries) have led to a sharp contraction in the supply side, with the price of potassium fertilizer constantly rising and growing in innovation.
In late April, the company raised the price of potassium chloride from $3900 per ton to the firm's deep chemical industry's st salt lake.
The sum of $4380 per ton represents, on the one hand, an increase in performance; on the other hand, there is still room in comparison with market prices. (000792.sz) - The two engines of potassium fertilizer + lithium carbonate, the sailing, the investment is recommended that the two-span of potassium lithium provide elastic performance for the company, and the lithium salt layout contributes to the growth of the company.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.