The industry’s Internet share has increased, with five major major business developments rapidly: companies issued their first quarter report 2023. In the first quarter of 2023, companies achieved business income of $97,222 million, an increase of 9.2 per cent, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2,266 million.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company earned $97,222 million in operating income, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the previous decade, and the rate of growth reached a high level for the same period. Of this, the industrial Internet generated $22,389 million, or 26.0 per cent of the main business income, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the same period.
With a total of 6,522 million yuan, an increase of 14.1 per cent over the same year, the net profits attributable to the parent company reached the population, and the five major major players in the digital economy grew rapidly. 1) Large connectivity: 900 million households, 5g of which reached 224 million, mobile users arpu up to 44.9 dollars,
Net terminal connections reached 416 million; 2) Large calculation: idc hangars reached 3.72 million and “connected clouds” generated revenue of 12.29 billion yuan; 3) Big data: big data generated income of 1,498 million yuan, an increase of 54.2 per cent over the same period; 4) Large applications: major product payers outperformed 160 million households, 5g
The number of VPN clients reached 4,562; 5) grand security: continuous upgrading of superior products such as cloud shield resistanced, meganet situational awareness, effective improvement in the quality and cost of integrated cloudnet suits and surplus.
Quarterly operating cash flows of $17,362 million, an increase of 21.6 per cent over the previous year, operating cash flows as a ratio of operating income to operating income of 17.9 per cent, asset liabilities of 45.9 per cent, and good maintenance of cost-recovery efficiency and low-cost asset balances, positive layout and power infrastructure, driving a number of redcap end-use applications.
The cloud reserves, which will further raise capital spending on the arithmetic network in 2023 to $14.9 billion, representing 19.4 per cent of total capital expenditure, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period, and the size of the idc hangars to 390,000. At the end of the day, the company issues the global premier 5gredcap commercial module, working together to make a difference.
Partners such as the Group, which completed the redcap network and industrial scenes in Shanghai and Fuoshan, respectively, are the world’s leading commercial players, and are constantly promoting the application of the 5g enabling industries. Investment proposals: companies are one of the three largest telecommunications operators in the country, focusing on opportunities for digital economic development.
A “positive” investor is only suited to a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and a “radical” investor is fit to use all categories of our Division who are qualified for securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.