Events: On April 18, 2023, the company issued its first quarterly report for the first quarter of 2023, which enabled it to operate in the first quarter of the year.
According to the company announcement, in the first quarter of 2023, the company continued to deepen its cultivation of the five main pillars of “Great Connectivity, Large Computation, Big Data, Large Applications, Great Security” and continued to advance the “1+9+3” strategic planning system.
In addition, the corporate income structure continued to optimize, with Internet operations achieving revenue of $22.389 billion in the first quarter of 2023, representing 26.0 per cent of the income of the main business.
In the face of the opportunities of the digital economy and the blue sea, companies are determined to innovate, transform and effectively balance their quality and efficiency gains, and it is hoped that high-quality development will continue in the future.
Research Assistant in the Synchrome Communication Industry, Figure 2: Growing corporate profitability, Sinda Securities Inc.
Itd House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing.
\triangleright, in terms of profitability, has seen an increase in both the company ' s Māori rate and the net interest rate ring in the first quarter of 2023, with a Māori rate of 24.41 per cent, and is expected to maintain the upward trend.
\triangleright, according to corporate finance, Reedo's firm commitment to innovation transformation in 2023, rapid growth of innovation business, five major responsibilities
Business development in the main business has been positive: “Big Links”: the number of 5g packages has continued to increase, pushing mobile users up further. According to corporate finance, companies seize the opportunities of “two gigabytes” and “superhumans” to accelerate high-quality business and speed up the development of physical networking and networking.
Industrial Internet, as of the first quarter of 2023, the size of the company's “large connection” users reached 900 million households, of which 5 g sets of meals reached 224 million and generated 43,823 million yuan, or 4.4 per cent, in revenue from the company's mobile main business. Mobile users arpu reached $44.9, or 0.9 dollars, in the same year; and solid broadband access revenue increased 3.1 per cent, in the same year.
A total of 11,856 million yuan; 416 million interconnected with the network terminals. “Big calculations”: continuously rich cloud reserves and “connected clouds” are growing well. According to corporate financial reports, companies are actively pursuing the East and West accounting strategy and continuously enriching cloud reserves, reaching the company's idc hangars as of the first quarter of 2023.
37.2 million units, or 12.29 billion yuan, were connected to the cloud, a 40 per cent increase over the same period last year. “Big data”: product systems are further improved and revenue growth is higher. According to corporate financial reports, companies focus on a number of smart chains that integrate innovation, and further refine product systems, in the fields of digital government, digital finance, the Wisdom Brigade, data security, etc.
The domain scale replication pole project, which, as of the first quarter of 2023, had achieved significant corporate income of 1,498 million yuan, an increase of 54.2 per cent over the same period last year's.
The Department has deepened structural changes in the supply side of its products for personal and household markets, with a strong increase in the number of innovative products in basic business, which, by the first quarter of 2023, reached 160 million users of the company ' s main product of intellectual life, connecting intelligence businesses, leading the way in key sectors such as digital government, smart cities, industrial Internet, health care and so forth.
Over 19,000 5-g-sized “commodity houses” projects, with 5g virtual ad hoc networks serving 4562 clients. “Great security”: using the power of basic network resources, upgrading and launching new products. According to corporate financial reports, companies build up integrated cloudnet-based safety products and operating services systems, continuously upgrading the connection of cloud shields against vanguardd, etc.
Products, launching safe cloud markets, investing in the optimization of industrial safety and ecology, and constantly meeting the security needs of governments, large-scale enterprises, and landscaped. Two marginal changes have led to a re-evaluation of valuations and an accelerated transformation of connectivity.
1) Under the China-specific socialist valuation system, companies are expected to re-evaluate: companies, as national corporations, are expected to re-evaluate their digital economy programmes, actively project innovative operations such as cloud computing, idc, industrial Internet, along with the further development of arithmetic networks, which will drive the demand for bottom-level cloud computing operations, companies have a strong idc/ cloud computing capacity and are moving from traditional pipeline operators to numbers
(b) 5g users continue to grow, further increasing the number of mobile users arpu: the number of high-value users in the 5g era has become logical, and the 5g user ratio has contributed to the recovery of average users arpu, with the company ' s overall revenue structure expected to increase further
Innovative business is booming, industrial Internet is expected to become the “first engine” of income growth, corporate income is growing rapidly, corporate income is rising as a whole, and innovative business is expected to become the “first engine” of performance growth.
Seven major scenes, with increasing profitability and market share; 2) data centre fully organized and continuously enhanced arithmetic service capability: 3) geese network business is growing rapidly and self-researching two platforms to strengthen the platform's capacity base: 4) big data industry is growing steadily, deep-ploughing digital government, digital finance, and so on.
The overall business structure is expected to be further optimized, profitability and income-generating capacity are expected to be further enhanced, traditional operations are growing steadily and the process of efficiency improvement is accelerated
The company continues to move forward with shared construction, with a steady increase in the number of 5g base stations and a steady increase in the number of users of broadband access. The company’s co-construction and sharing of the company’s power and telecommunications in China continues to deepen, while reducing efficiency gains while further building on its traditional base station capabilities, the number of “big league” users and the number of fixed broadband users continues to increase, and the number of traditional businesses is steadily growing, providing a good basis for innovative operations.
At the same time, benefiting from the upgrading of arpu by high-value users of innovative business, corporate innovation, taken as a whole, has become embedded in the transmission of business, creating a virtuous circle, an optimized income structure, and arpu is expected to maintain a continuous upscaling.
Increased competition in the industry; 5g construction less than expected; cloud computing needs less than expected; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep coverage of smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industry, Ishi Yoje, assistant in communications, Master of Arts in Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, 8th degree in English.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering the areas of networking, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications, and Chen Guangyi, a member of the Communications Group, a Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University. In December 2021 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a portfolio of securities investment consulting operations approved by the China CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.