The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) event: the company released its 2022-centenary annual report, which generated business income of 51,82 billion yuan in the first half of 2022.
The same-year increase of 5.57 per cent was due mainly to the steady growth in sales during the period and an increase in sales prices; operating income of 24,588/27.24 billion yuan, or 6.89 per cent/2.13 per cent, respectively, compared to the same increase; the long line continued to be strong, with sound operations running through the cycle.
In April 2022, the Sino-Sinte steel upgrading project for the “3+1” product system was successfully launched and is expected to be completed in three years.
The company’s high-end, high-end steel production and share will be effectively upgraded, the company’s profitability and medium- and long-term valuation levels will be enhanced, and the company’s performance will be fully beneficial. • Energy steel will hold on to wind and power market demand, and automobiles will follow the manufacturing process with steel.
Four-Five, “Energetic Development Planning Study”, in 2025, we'll have 540 gw of wind power installed, 14-05, with an average annual compound increase of 13.23%. We expect the cumulative annual increase in steel used by wind power during the 14-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five, with the company's special steel material taking the lead in the wind market, with 202-H1 wind power.
Steel sales have reached 1.8 million tons, wind and gear steel sales have increased by 98%, wind and steel bearings by 33%, and will benefit fully from the rapid development of the wind and power market. Auto and steel will benefit from the upgrading of our manufacturing industry, and we expect to have 31.5 million tons of steel in our automobile industry in 2025, with a yearly compound growth rate.
The annual net return profits will maintain a composite growth rate of 12.04%. Given the steady increase in the company's performance in high-end products of the “three-high-high-five” 1 business, the vanguard position remains strong, the core business boom is prominent and the volume increase is driving the performance growth. In the first half of 2022, the company achieved operating income of 518.2.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 5.57 per cent over the same period, mainly due to steady growth in current sales and higher sales prices; a net return of tons, up to 1.42 million tons per month, a record high; a more stable collection structure, with higher revenues from the main business.
Steel wires, special steel plates, special seamless steel tubes, other operating revenues are 23.910 billion yuan, $8.98 billion, corporate revenue structure is stable, alloy steel bars, alloy steel wires, special steel plates, special seamless steel plates, new breakthroughs in the first half of 2022, maintenance of the pace of development of new varieties and product structure upgrades, first half of 2022
In the first half of 2022, the company sold 768,000 tons of special steel, a decrease of 4.54 per cent. As a result of epidemics in Jilin, Shanghai, Jiangyang, etc., demand for products in the regions in question has weakened, logistics transport has been significantly hampered, companies have adjusted their variety structures in a timely manner, taking advantage of the six main varieties of advantage, and the new energy industries and export-related products have been boosted.
The sales volume should respond to downward pressure from downstream demand changes, leading to an increase in sales.2 The built-in layout of the product system is “three highs and one highs” and continues to optimize the product system, and the company issues 5 billion tradable “three highs and one highs” to build the chain of industries.
The transferable funds are proposed to raise $5 billion for the “3+1-T” product system optimization upgrading project, the Middle-Lubei Specialized Newisation Energy Project, the Caramel Integrated Adaptation Project, the High-parametric Irrigation of Surplus Energy Project, the Process Super Low-Limitation Project, and the Supplemental Liquidity Project.
At the end of the year: 80mw super-temperature sub-critical gas and steam combined power generation project was launched in June 2022. Special smelting product upgrading project (phase II), 80mw sub-critical gas turbine generation group project, Centralized environmental upgrading and integration project, continuation of gas integrated hot-spot construction project, ultra-low-emission conversion integrated management project, 80mw super-high temperature
Subcritical gas, steam combined power generation projects, ultra-low-emission depth management projects, ad hoc smelting product upgrades (three companies will continue to increase production and share of “three-high-one-threshold” products, ultra-low-emission conversion will continue to advance, and corporate performance will be fully supported by two-way steel-based steel-for-car-energy-for-energy-for-new steel-forward expansion)
The automobile industry is one of the most important downstream areas in the special steel industry, which is an important building block for car manufacturing, and which, along with light-quantified and new-energy cars, requires that special steel for core components be constantly increased in strength, resistant to wear and tear, and processed.
We still have low vehicle holdings in comparison with developed countries, and according to World Bank data for 2019, there are 837 vehicles in the United States, the world’s first in number, and 591 vehicles in Japan, and Asia’s first in number.
The fifth world. By the end of 2021, China had a fleet of 302 million vehicles. According to the data from the seventh census, the country had a population of 1,411.78 million people, or 214 cars per 1,000 inhabitants.
40% of steel is used in body structures, gold, doors and suitcases to obtain high intensity, and to absorb energy in collisions. 23% of steel is used in moving systems, including casting iron used in engine formations, and cutting carbon steel used in grinding gear institutions. 12% of steel is used in hanging systems, using high-intensity rolled steel belts. The rest is found in wheels, tyres, and steel.
Fuel tanks, diversions, and brake systems. In addition, according to the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, which was launched by the Ministry of Information and Communications, the annual vehicle production will reach 35 million vehicles, based on 900 kg of steel per vehicle, with a broad outlook for 3.2 energy steel in 2025 and a tight grip on the demand for wind and electric steel.
In the energy sector, Sino-Sinte steel is widely distributed, technologically leading, and in the fields of fire power, hydropower, wind power and solar energy, leading industries.
In recent years, with the emphasis on energy security and clean energy, renewable energy has become an important energy strategy for our country. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2021, our wind power grid installed capacity reached 328 million kilowatts, breaking 300 million kilowatts, doubling from the end of 2016 to 1.4 times the total EU wind power installed in the United States at the end of 2020.
At present, wind power accounts for about 13% of the country’s total power supply, electricity generation accounts for about 7.5% of the entire population. It has increased by 0.3 and 1.3 percentage points, respectively, compared to the end of 2020, and its contribution to the country’s electricity supply has been increasing.
The country’s position as the world’s largest wind-making mechanism has continued to grow. Special steel materials produced by Sino-Thirty Steel have taken the lead in the wind and power sector markets.
The company’s main customers are Shanghai Electric, Eastern Electric, Vision Energy, South Hightooth, Siemens, Vistas, etc. In the future, wind motor voltage and ocean wind power are trends, and companies compete in these areas.
For example, in the case of the 1,500kw wind engine unit, the demand is about 117 tons thick, or 69 per cent of the total steel used, in addition to the 8,32 tons of electric steel, or about 5 per cent, and the special steel, 44.06 tons, or about 26 per cent.
Wa, with an average annual compound increase of 13.23%. So we expect a cumulative increase in steel use in the wind power sector in the 14th and 5th years to 2,846.2 million tons.
Photovoltaic is a short term for solar photovoltaic systems, a photovoltaic effect using solar battery semiconductor materials, which converts solar radiation directly into a new power generation system with independent and grid-connected operation. According to data from the National Energy Agency, the country ' s additional photovoltaic power generation and network capacity was about 53 million kilowatts in 2021 and has been stable for nine consecutive years.
By the end of 2021, photovoltaic power generation had reached 306 million kilowatts, breaking 300 million kilowatts, and remained the world’s highest in seven consecutive years. In the first year of the 14th Five-Year Plan, photovoltaic power construction had made a new breakthrough, with new features. The first segment, photovoltage, reached 107.5 million kilowatts, breaking 100 million kilowatts, accounted for about one third of all photovoltaic power and network capacity.
The second is the introduction of new photovoltaic power grids, which add about 300 million kilowatts to the distribution pattern, representing about 55 per cent of all new photovoltaics, and the first-ever breakthrough of 50 per cent. The third is the increase in the concentration and distribution of photovoltaic power. The third is the increase in the distribution of photovoltaics, which, after the first over 10 million kilowatts in 2020, reached more than 20 million kilowatts in 2021.
Household photovoltaics have become an important force in the country to achieve carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and the implementation of rural revitalization strategies on schedule. In the article "Calculation of steel for vertical and vertical drainage of photovoltaic components" the 30mw photovoltaic power station project is used as an example.
26.76t/mw. According to China's 14th Five Power Development Plan, our solar power installed in 2025 amounted to 560 million kW, so we expect a cumulative annual increase in steel used in the photovoltaic industry during the 14th Five-Year Period from 7.32 million to 8.2 million tons.
3.2.3 The cumulative increase in the use of steel in the thermal and electrical sector during the period of 1455 was 4.51 million tons (neutral assumption). Special steel is used mainly for water cooling walls, heaters, reheating machines, containers, steam pipes, etc. The share of electricity generated by fire and electricity in the country has been declining in recent years, but it is still the most important way of generating electricity in the country.
Power generation remained at over 70 per cent. In 2021, we produced about 577,270 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 9.29 per cent in the same year. 1455, taking into account the continued dynamism of the double carbon policy, and according to the National Energy Agency ' s Circular on matters related to the development of wind power, light-voltaic power generation in 2021, the national production of wind power and light-voltaic power accounted for the entire population by 2025.
The share will be around 16.5%, so we expect that the increase in the power load will be slower. In the 14-year period, the demand for electricity will be divided into three development scenarios: high, medium, and low, taking into account the gradual recovery of the world economy, with a combined rate of 5% per year, and a clear impact on the short-term economic development of the new crown.
We have an average annual compound increase of 4 per cent in the quantity of electric power installed on fire; in a low scenario, taking into account the long duration of the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, we have an average annual compound increase of 2 per cent in the amount of electrical power. Moreover, according to the Fire-Eating Equipment for heat-resistant steel and energy-savings, the boiler requires about 5,000 tons of steel, for example, in a 300,000 kilowatt unit.
The cumulative increase in the use of steel in the hydropower sector during the period of 3.2.445 was 2.807 million tons of electricity generated by hydroelectric power in 2021 was approximately 1184.02 billion kWh, representing about 14.6 per cent of the electricity generated, based on our emission reduction commitments of 15 per cent and 20 per cent of primary energy consumption by non-fosssil energy sources in 2020 and 2030, respectively, which are projected to be 15 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively.
In accordance with this reduction target, the medium- and long-term plans for electricity generation in the country are as follows: at the end of 2025, conventional hydropower was expected to produce 1.75 trillion kwh per year. At the end of 2025, pumping capacity reached 75 million kw and hydropower development was used 58%.
According to Chinese electricity, the amount of steel used in hydroelectric generators is around 320 tons per 10,000 kilowatts. According to data from China, the size of the conventional hydropower units reached 390 million kilowatts in 2025, and the size of the pumpers was 68 million kilowatts.
We expect the cumulative demand for additional steel in the hydropower sector to be 2.870 million tons per year during the 1455s. Coal steel rods: based on data from recent years, given that the company has not published production and sales data for sub-products, we take into account public figures from recent years: because the company has not published production and sales data for sub-products, based on data from recent years, we take into account public figures.
Special steel plate: Since the company has not published the output and sales data for the sub-products, we have based our data on recent years, considering the company's special seamless steel pipe: since the company has not published the output and sales data for the sub-products, we have taken into account the fact that we have selected the four companies in the industry that are closest to the Sino-Sinte steel business, the shares in the South Steel, the peddler steel,
The Division, as a domestic super-steel leader, continues to increase the share of “three-high-high-high-end” high-end products; and (2) the ability of companies to raise funds for projects continues to be released, accelerating the expansion of overseas markets and the long-term benefits of the downstream steel industry. In combination with the valuation of the label companies and the current Sino-Turkish steel project, the price of raw materials fluctuates, the project does not produce as much as expected, and downstream demand falls short of expectations.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.