To benefit from the rise in national oil prices, the net return profits have risen to almost 10 years, \triangleright has benefited from higher oil prices and higher profitability innovations.
\triangleright crude oil at an average price of $70.94 per barrel, +64.17 per cent, wti crude oil at an average price of $68.10 per barrel, +72.52 per cent. With respect to production, in 2021, the company achieved 479.67 million barrels of oil equivalent.
Compared to 4.5 per cent; delivery of 255.28 million tons of crude oil, compared to 7.75 per cent in comparison; petrol, diesel, \triangleright politics in finished oils, the impact of the weakening of Omikium and the impact of the decline in United States crude oil stocks, with the short-term rise in crude oil prices still driving the trend
Strong; in the long run, driven by a reduction in global upstream investment in oil and gas and the gradual recovery of national economies following the outbreak control, we believe that the crude oil price hub is expected to continue to rise in 2022, thereby driving corporate oil and gas sales and actively promoting low-carbonization of operations.
Low-carbon energy development, such as rock and gas and flammable ice, has significantly increased the gas oil ratio. (2) Accelerating the intensification of refining operations green development and the creation of a world-class base of integrated refining, with single plants expected to be on average 10 million tonnes/year by 2025. (3) Intensifying efforts to convert refining to chemical industries, turning “oil production” into “oil production”
China's petrochemicals (600028), the year 2020, reported on the concept of “oil transfer” throughout the process of refining the integrated planning project. (4) Accelerating progress on the new announcement: the volume of products fell, resulting in a 43 per cent reduction in the net return to the mother as compared to the previous year.
With hydrogen energy at its core, the company actively constructs a variety of green energy supply systems such as hydrogen, wind, solar, geothermal, etc.; by 2025, the company will be exhausted.
The construction of 1,000 hydrogen or hydrogen blending stations, more than 5,000 replacement power stations, an additional 50 million square metres of heat and new energy supply capacity to reach tens of millions of tons of coal.
Work to build two million-ton ccus demonstration bases. \triangleright’s increased profitability and layout in the new energy sector to maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.