The smelting-through company will respond to performance eruptions, event reviews of the Helium stock (600346), the Helium share.
Liu Woo-joo Zhang Ming-hoon. The announcement states that the company's smelting integration project is fully operational, producing gasoline, diesel, diesel, etc.
Production is stable and stable for products such as aviation kerosene, px, etc. The company has achieved a whole-chain development model for crude oil, 148051172-20002-px-pta-polyesters, making it the first private refining target for production.
Xu Kunlun has officially opened the door to the transformation of private refining.
Private refining is the first private refining to take place in less than two years. 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project has been under way since April 2017, and less than two years since 20 March of the year, when the production of a fully fledged px product has been completed.
Under the high pressure of centralization, companies competed for seconds, nights and days to move the project forward, and the total equity/flowa share (millions) guaranteed the steady operation of the project, achieving the highest number of industries: the fastest construction and the fastest opening.
Circulation b/h (millions of units) Quickness, one-time success in driving. The successful commissioning of hemorrhaging has not only shown the public that hesitant people are committed to doing their jobs, that they are the first to do their jobs, but that they have also initiated a transformation of private refining.
With the smooth output of the constant px, the progress of other private refinings has been referenced and matched, and the question of private refining will be shattered. 2 - 2019 will be the year of pta, and corporate performance will erupt.
Once again, in 2019, pta did not have any new capacity, downstream polyesters were expanding, upstream px concentrated production reduced costs. pta profits are expected to continue to improve. In 19 years, polyester production is planned to add 5.33 million tons, of which about 2.01 million tons in the first half of the year and 3.32 million tons in the second half of the year.
At the end of the year, the 19-year pattern of pta supply and demand is still unchanged. Another 19-year Px production is expected to be around 12 million tons.
1. "Hunger Shares (600346.sh) Incident Review Report: Improvements. The current high price of px captures more than half of the profits in the industrial chain. As domestic refining progresses, crude oil and pta prices jump out of water.
This portion of the increase in supply will be transferred downstream, and the pta segment will benefit significantly.2 Since the third quarter of the “Standard Shares” (600346.sh) report, pta prices have not increased as expected and are not currently tax-free.
Re: Three-quarters performance is much higher than expected, and the gap between the smelting sprint countdown is maintained around $450 per ton. This is mainly due to the decline in the industry landscape last April, higher industry stocks and the current low sales of long silk production;
The second source of the financial boom in the East is the concern about the risk of collapse of the cost of px after a massive start in production, so that the futures market has a large number of ptas that are not likely to rise. But we believe that as textile weaving begins to take orders for the autumn winters downstream in the second and third quarters, the need for scrubbed silk will continue to rise.
The stock is about 800,000 tons and will be overhauled in March with a number of pta devices, such as a constant, bp, stock digestion, and a return to sales of long silk products will increase prices. The company now owns 6.6 million tons of pta capacity, even though it is estimated at an average net profit level of 350 yuan/tonne in 2018 that px will remain a high-intensity link in the current environment, and the company will benefit fully from taking the lead.
The profits in the industrial chain have been more concentrated at the end of px. Since the price of px increased last July, the price of px-stone oil has fallen even further with the rise in crude oil, reaching an all-time high of close to $4,000 per ton, a single ton of profits for producing enterprises exceeding $2,000, and the price of px when oil prices have fallen, and the market is more consistent with expectations of px prices falling as a result of the release of a large number of private refining projects in the country.
See, China’s China Sea oils, Hainan refining, and petrochemicals, among others, will be used in three or four quarters of the year. The first step in a consistent process of refining will be to ensure that companies fully enjoy the high profits of the px chain for more than half a year, which is part of the reason many private refining companies struggle to compete for a second to make a deal.
3. The advantages of the Heath Refining Integration Project are evident: the 20 million tonnes/year Refining Integration Project is the most advanced process and equipment internationally, and the cost advantages are also significant. Area access is provided. The 20 million tonnes/year Refining Integration Project is located on Liaoning Island, Liaodong Peninsula.
The px and pta plant areas are adjacent to each other, and transport the halls is cost-effective. The built px-pta, acetic acid-pta tubes in the park can save significantly the intermediate costs of purchasing the pta upstream raw materials, storage, wear and tear.
The cost of saving is more than $900 million. Self-built docks are worth more than 40 million tons per year. Sustained use is made of their geography to build two 300,000 tons of large crude oil berths, designed for 26 million tons per year; six finished petrochemical berths, designed for 11.16 million tons per year.
The Heated Power Project has a power capacity of 400 mw, which can provide multiple levels of steam and reliable power supply for the refinery integration project. The coal needed for the self-heating power plant comes from the island of Qin, is close by sea, and large-scale thermal coal combustion also causes the plant to consume much of its energy per unit.
The cost of electricity purchased online is currently 0.6-0.7 yuan/degree, while the cost of electricity generated by a power-based thermal power plant is only 0.3 yuan/degree. Based on 2.1 billion degrees per year of electricity use, the cost of purchasing electricity is over $700 million. The company’s 20 million tons/year of refined integration project was able to get through the process and take the lead in production, with a 19-year px of new production concentrating on release in the second half of the year.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the constant share (600,346): Refining the full-processed company will be ready for a performance breakout.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Reaction Engineering, University of Qinghua, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering, research in chemical industry since 2015, research assistant profile, Ro 4-D
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, PhD in Chemical Engineering, University of Ohio, United States, cfa, three years of experience in chemical industry. Many leading international academic journals, with 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 papers signed by leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times cumulatively. B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, Master in Chemical Engineering, University of Tulsa, United States, four years of experience in overseas chemical industry, joined Dongxing in May 2018.
Xu Kullen Benko and M.A. are both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in the management of chemical technology development and analysis of their own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.