The refining process is progressing well, with crude oil and pta prices jumping, a constant share, a constant share (600346).
Liu Woo-chul Zhang Myung-suk realized a net profit of about $360,000 from shareholders in listed companies in the year.
Realising net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in 2018 was the same time as in the previous year.
The company realized a net profit of 3,652 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the first three quarters of 2018 and a net profit attributed to shareholders in listed companies in 2018 based on performance forecast elements.
After 18 years and four quarters of pta prices fell fast, and crude oil prices came out of the trap after October. Under the double shock of falling prices for crude oil and pta, the company’s performance in the fourth quarter fell significantly short of expectations, delaying performance throughout the year.
The significant decline in profits at the pta link significantly affected four quarters of performance. The average monthly price of 2018q4pta was $774 per ton, $6807 per ton and $6387 per ton, respectively, which is a significant decrease from the average monthly price of $8716 per ton in September; the average for the single quarter was $6799 per ton.
Tons, the ring ratio declined by about 8.6 per cent, but since the four-quarters, downstream scrubbers and knitting terminals have declined significantly, with pta stocks accumulated slightly; the upfront px price has returned with the fall in crude oil prices, but the average price for the four-quarters has been $9764/ton, ring.
The three-quarter review is 5.7 percentage points higher than the non-reflection.
The average price difference is $467 per ton, the ring ratio drops by more than $1,000, and some production firms have already lost their profits, and a wave of repairs has taken place in the fourth quarter.
The technological advantage is to maintain a profit of about $100 per ton, and the pta industry is a leader, the industry, the pta-5 project has landed and the price of crude oil has fallen, resulting in a loss of stock. On June 28, 2018, constant refining.
3. In-depth report on the Hennessing Shares (600346.sh): Long-Silf first boat imported 270,000 tons of Saudi crude oil into the port and purchased it all over the last three quarters.
The average price of Brent crude oil in the fourth quarter was $67.85/bb. Rings drop by $7.34/b. If a rough estimate of 1 million tons of crude oil were made, the loss of stock would be more than $350 million.
East's financial and intellectual boom, Helium shares (600346): refining is going well, oil and pta prices are running out of money in the last quarter, and the country's first private refining project is going well.
On December 15, 2018, the project for the constant refining of 20 million tonnes/year refining of the integration system started the operation of the vehicle, which became the country’s first fully operational private processing unit. On January 21st, it successfully produced products that met the design criteria and took a crucial step towards connecting the production process from normal decompression to aromatic aromatics.
At the end of January, all hydrogen-filling, recombinant, px, etc. will also be transported together, moving in stages. It is expected that, at the end of March, the production process will be completed, producing aromatic hydrocarbon products and producing the entire refinery at full capacity.
The benefits of integration are clear, in conjunction with the company’s 6.6 million tons/year pta capacity downstream. We measure the average annual net profits of the hemolytic refining project at the price levels of $60, $80 per barrel of crude oil, $6.8 billion and $7.3 billion, respectively. If tax returns are added, the real project will increase performance.
3. Polyester demand should not be overly pessimistic in 2019, pta boom or over 2018, polyester industry low seasons in 2018, due mainly to the fact that the fires of the first half of the year were further pushed by related factors such as the China-United States trade war, the pre-export and intra-trade orders were pushed forward by increases in raw materials. After entering the fourth quarter, the woven order index showed a clear downward trend.
The demand for textile clothing and terminal knitting in 19 is very pessimistic. Our view is that the pressure on polyester demand increased in 2019 but was not overly pessimistic, with pta in the polyester chain or going out of independence. Polyester production in 2019 is still in an expansionary cycle, and production growth is expected to drop to around 7%.
Annual polyester production has increased at an annual rate of 11%, continuing a 17-year high growth trend. The volume of bottled exports is expected to decline in 19 years, the demand for raw polyesters resulting from the ban is not replicable, and the domestic economy is expected to grow at a weaker rate. But the direction of tax cuts in macro-policies has been determined, and domestic demand consumption will be stimulated; the trend of trade disputes between the US and China is clear, and export pressures will be reduced.
Production lines are expected to be in place by the end of the year. The 19-year pta balance of supply and demand remains unchanged, with tons of new px capacity to reach production by the end of the quarter, with 4 million tons of petrochemical px in the next quarter or so, and Han Biennium.
The additional production capacity of 1.6 million tons of petrochemicals and 800,000 tons of petrochemicals in Quan County is also expected to be operational by mid-year. The current high price of px has captured more than half of the profits in the industrial chain, and the pta segment will benefit significantly as domestic supply increases and profits shift downstream.
On 29 October 2018, the company released a plan to repurchase its shares in a centralized bid, with a total planned buy-back of no less than RMB 1 billion.
At a time when the company’s refining project is on the verge of coming into operation, the company has also started production over the next two years with pta-4, pta-5 and 1.35 million tons of new materials from Heath. The rapid pace of company development has not stopped, and in the future, along with the vertical extension of the polyester chain, the company’s existing industries will be strengthened horizontally.
This large-scale stock buy-back is intended to be used to follow up on the employee holding program or the equity incentive scheme, not only to fully motivate the company’s employees, and to effectively bring together shareholder interests, corporate interests, and individual employee interests, but also to highlight the firm’s confidence in future development. Crude oil prices have fallen sharply, demand is expected to be frustrated, and the market for polyesters has deteriorated in the fourth quarter of 18 years, and stock losses have led to a significant loss of company performance in the fourth quarter.
The company is stable, the refining project is in the vanguard, and the ethylene project and pta production lines IV and V are also being built in an orderly manner, with large fluctuations in crude oil prices, low production capacity, and a lower-than-expected industrial landscape.
Helium shares (600346). The refining process is well under way, with crude oil and pta prices jumping, leading to little profit in the fourth quarter.
Master of Finance, University of Administration, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics + Double Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, New York State University, United States of America, cfa-witness, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Author of 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, with a cumulative number of references. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, joined Dong-hing Xu Kunlun in May 2018
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The East's financial and intellectual boom, the Helium stock (600,346): refining is going well, and crude oil and pta prices are running out of profit in the last quarter, and my company has no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.