At the same time, the company announced that the current employee holdings plan was to buy up the company’s stock stock of 8.74 million shares through a centralized competitive bidding, accounting for 1.94 per cent of the total equity, amounting to $4.69 billion, with an average value of $53.73 per share. Silicon captures the profits from the expansion of the industrial chain, maintaining a high level of profitability in the second half of the year: overseas + domestic shares in the first half of the year.
The fabric-based demand intensity continues to outpace expectations, and under the logic of the “demand curve pricing”, the profits from the expansion of the industrial chain are 1. “Leads of excellence in management, steady expansion and consolidation of the competition,” mostly taken by the rigid bottled silicon, which calculates a net gain of about $135,000 per tonne of silicon for q2 companies.
+10% ring ratio, expected q2 shares of about 50,000 tonnes. Silicon taps have been significantly increased in recent times. 2. Launching the Staff Holding Scheme, which binds the core staff to a steady price, reflects the disruption in the US market’s recovery in the second half of the year + Europe’s mild season + supply of silicon.
3. "Performance brightness, silicon expansion at a higher rate -- with a strong confidence in the strength of the demand for the q3 end and the price of the industrial chain, we expect further price increases for silicon, component price transfer to be an approximate event for the second half of the year.
4. "Performance in January-February, silicon, battery yield, large-scale perc supply and demand improvement, and looking at the sustainability of the profitable repair of battery fragments: recent company high frequency,
q4 battery fragments lost, performance met expectations-Tongway, overvalued (relatively silicon) upscaled battery prices, and continued to validate our earlier proposal that "the profitability of the large perc battery will continue to be repaired in 2022 with continuous improvement in the relative supply and demand relationship".
As the supply of silicon is released in the second half of the year, the profitability is expected to be further restored in a context where the perc production capacity has barely increased. As the integration trend moves, the industrial chain is booming: as the technology in the luminous mainstream process stabilizes.
The trend towards integration of the main industrial chain is clear, taking into account the fact that silicon is still available for some time to come.
U.W., the rigid short-chain chain of supply chains, and the battery fragments are the core determining the performance and reliability of the photovoltaic components, and the rich profits of the silicon business over the last two years have accumulated sufficient funds for the company, so we're convinced.
For example, from a technical point of view, if companies plan to upgrade the strategic positioning of their components and increase market outreach in the future, they have sufficient capacity and are in line with industry trends at large.