Silicon fueled high performance by uplifting the new generation of battery technology, Tungwee shares (600438), semi-annual performance rating 2022, August 18, 2022
Incidents: Companies issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2022. Companies achieved total operating income in the first half of 2022. Companies performed well in 2022q2 and profitability increased significantly in 2022h1.
The boom, with the continued trend of price increases in multi-crystal silicon prices, and with the release of additional capacity, the company benefited from a full increase in the volume of multi-crystal silicon products and a high increase in q2 performance. 2022q2, the company achieved a gross operating income of 03401070105.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in the first half of 2022, domestic production of multiple crystal silicon increased by about 36.50 million tons, with production increasing by 53.4 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, the quality of the company ' s n-silicon material is well adapted to market requirements, and the volume of goods delivered continues to rise. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, as of August 17, the price of the last week has increased by about 31.7 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
The build-up in August was influenced by factors such as power restrictions in Sichuan, with more than 2022q3 crystal silicon production or below expectations, maintaining supply overhang, and a high price of multiple silicon in the short term, which is expected to lead to higher corporate performance throughout the year as the price hub rises year-on-year and the additional capacity of subsequent firms is released further.
Since March, the Director-General has issued an announcement on the purchase of new silicon long-form contracts with five companies, namely Lungi, Takashi, Yusawa, Jae-Liang, and USF, for a total of about 1.6 million tons of silicon, which will guarantee the firm stability of the company.
Corporate battery sales in the first half of the year increased by 54.55 per cent. At present, more than 75 per cent of the company ' s output is in inch solar cells, followed by 8gw in the second edition and 8.5gw in the third edition of Yoyoyama, with a projected output of more than 70gw at the end of 2022, with a larger-sized capacity than expected.
By more than 90%, battery profits are expected to be restored during the year. In addition, the company ' s topcon battery was averaged and made operational by the end of the year. The company ' s Hjt battery has achieved a maximum R & D efficiency of 25.67%, and progress has been made in replacing silver ' s metalification technology, while the company has also initiated back-to-back contact batteries, silicon ores/silicon stacks.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have either a qualification or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.