The Ecurities 25gw component extension plan is in place, and the component's operational layout is becoming clear.
On September 22, the company announced its intention to invest $4 billion in a 25gw high-efficiency component project in Salt City, which is expected to be built within 24 months of the completion of the construction process for the complete construction of the land and the corresponding construction.
On August 23, the China Enterprise tender project was launched with an advance bid of USD 1.942/w for 3gw, on September 6 for the Guangdong Power 200mw project with an advance bid of USD 1,981/w, and on September 14 for the acquisition of 170mw210 stacked tiles with an winning bid of USD 1.970/w (Sichuan).
In addition to the large-scale build-up advantage, the battery-plated profitable power project, the price quoted for other projects is higher than the lowest price for the bid participation, as can be seen from the fact that companies do not occupy the market entirely at low prices, and from the accumulation of many years of slogans, supply chain security capabilities, etc.
2. The q2 performance exceeded expectations, winning corporate approval for large clients in the second half of the year, followed by the announcement of a heavy-pound expansion plan after laboratory certification, with a clear line of component operations.
“Leader of Leap management achievements, steady expansion and consolidation of the competition,” the company’s photovolt experiment centre was awarded the certification certificate from the tüv Northeceecb-scheme’sctf laboratory, which is expected to accelerate the company’s certification through overseas markets to achieve a globalized market.
4. Launch of the Staff Holding Scheme, which binds the Core Staff Stability Board. In conjunction with the 25gw component extension plan of this bulletin, the company has become increasingly clear about the layout of its component operations, i.e. fast-tracking with domestic firm orders, while accelerating certification to open overseas markets and large-scale expansion of production.
In the next two years, companies are expected to become the top 10 components of the global product model (in 100% capacity utilization).
The logic of the component link "High Barrier + Sustained Growth" is still in place. The entry threshold of the component link is reflected in the nature of the end-user's service life for a photovoltaic component that exceeds 20 years, the return of investment in a commercial project, the reliability of the product for more than 10 years, the long-term quality assurance provided by the enterprise and the ability to stabilize the supply.
The company's component business is extended on the basis of "Silicon/Technology Double Dragon I+ for a future period of time (8621),61357595 inner silicon is still the huge amount of money accumulated in the industrial chain short-chain link plus silicon operations over the past two years.
The combined advantages of Uwentianism, while firms with these capabilities and advantages both within and outside the industry are temporarily outnumbered, do not represent the loss of the high barriers and growth of the components.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment