Tonway shares (600438.sh) Shen Jia has accelerated the expansion of the component business and the supply of silicon products is inadequate, suggesting “buy-in”
The company plans to invest $4 billion in an annual 25gw high-efficiency photovoltaic component project in Jiangsu Salt City, and it is now determined to move downstream. In addition, the company recently signed a 3.28 million-ton silicon long list with the Crystal Energy, which continues to be in short supply.
With a significant increase in domestic and foreign light demand, coupled with lower-than-expected production of silicon, the price of multi-crystal silicon is expected to remain high. The company is expected to achieve better performance elasticity by expanding its productive capacity and having cost advantages. We expect the company to make a net profit of $24.8 billion and $21.05 billion in 2022 and 2023.
The company plans to invest in a large-scale photovoltaic component project to accelerate integration: the company has announced that it plans to invest in an annual 25gw high-efficiency photovoltaic component project in Jiangsu Salt City. The fixed-asset investment is expected to be about $4 billion. This large-scale expansion of the component is a further demonstration of the company's movement downstream.
The company's layout component business helps to enhance its own risk resistance in a time of rapid industrial change. The company is a silicon core, with a natural cost advantage in entering the component business, and, at the same time, with the accumulation of component technology, we expect the company to be more capable of obtaining orders.
On August 17, the company won the 3gw group product package project; on September 6, the company won the 200mw photovoltaic component project for Guangdong power; and on September 20, the company won the award.
The company won the bid for a 120mw mound component project: on 21 September, the company won the bid for a 20mw component.
The company has recently signed a list of silicon material, and the supply of the product is in short supply: the company and crystal energy signed a silicon sheet on September 10th. Crystal energy plans to purchase 38.28 million tons of silicon from the company between September 2022 and December 2026.
The company has entered into six major sales contracts since this year, with a cumulative volume of 144.22 million tons. Most of the company ' s silicon production capacity is now locked in long sheets, with 44.47gw light volts added this year, according to the National Energy Agency.
102% long; of these, the amount of light voltage in August was 6,74gw, which is almost the same as in July, yoy+64%; according to pvinfolink, cumulative exports of photovoltaic components in January-August amounted to 63.46w, an increase of 80%. Against a backdrop of high energy prices, countries have accelerated the transformation of new energy sources, with photovoltaics being important.
Silicon products are still in short supply, at around $310,000, an increase of more than 30% from the beginning of the year. While new silicon production capacity in many manufacturers is climbing up the slopes, demand increases, capped electrical disruptions, downstream new production reserves, and so on, we expect silicon.
The price climate is expected to increase.