The business approach of “the \triangleright Camp” has been firmly established, and the business sectors have continued to operate steadily and have achieved good performance results.
The company is well positioned, and the silicon and battery industry has a stable leader. At the silicon and cell block links, the public \triangleright division has a leading size, technology, cost, and quality advantage.
Tens of thousands of tons of solar cells produce 54gw per year; in 2021, the company’s high-purity crystallized silicon production was the highest in the world, with 22% of the domestic market, and battery output the world’s highest in five consecutive years. At the same time, the company strategically maintained its professional division of labour, focusing its efforts on silicon and battery film development, maintaining its competitive edge and maintaining its business.
Deng Young-kang, with a similar increase in the volume of goods delivered, is building up steadily. 22 years h1 years of silicon supply is tight, company \triangleright
Production capacity was released from the 50,000-ton project in Leysan II and the 50,000-ton project in Pao, with production facilities operating at full capacity everywhere. Koo Yingzheng achieved a capacity utilization rate of 119.28 per cent, yielding 1,073,000 tons of high-purity crystalline silicon, compared to 112.15 per cent in the interior of the country.
The first two phases of the project, 50,000 tons, were successfully set on fire in June 2022; the three phases of the Leysan project, which achieved an energy consumption target of 120,000 tons, are expected to be completed by the second half of 2023.
Large-scale ownership is a strong leader over the upgrading + multi-tech layout. 22 years of h1 battery sales. Quarterly reviews: industry leaders are strong, looking at year-round profits.
With the completion of 8gw in Golden Hall II and 8.5gw in Maroon Hill III, it is expected that by the end of 2022, the company will have more than 70gw production standards, with a larger-size capacity ratio of more than 90%.
-20 per cent; 2) Topcon, using the pecvd technical route, with an average conversion efficiency of over 24.7 per cent, completed by the end of the year to meet downstream demand; 3) hjt, with the highest R & D efficiency of 25.67 per cent (isfh certification) and significant milestones in metallicization techniques to replace silver.
Silicon leading companies are expected to benefit from the high-sight and silicon content of the photovoltaic industry, maintain the “recommended” methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.