The silicon volume is up to date, with the company issuing its semi-annual report for 2022, generating an operating income of $60.339 billion, corresponding to the increase in the shares of the United States dollar (600.438).
On a quarterly basis, 2022q2 companies achieved business income of $35.654 billion, an increase of 123.61 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 44.44 per cent in the ring, a net return to the mother of $7.029 billion, a positive increase in the volume of silicon business, and a massive expansion of their position.
Energy release, in an environment of undue supply of silicon, with capacity utilization of 119.28 per cent, yielding 10.730 million tons of silicon, an increase of 112.15 per cent over the same period, and a rate of nearly 30 per cent for the domestic municipality. We measured a net gain of about 130,000 tons of silicon from 2022h1.
On the other hand, in June, the company set fire to the first two tranches of the 50,000-ton project, and three tranches of the 120,000-ton project in Leysan have been approved and are expected to be completed in the second half of the year. In addition, the company issued an announcement to build 200,000-ton capacity in each of the first three tranches and the third tranches, with a total investment of about 28 billion yuan.
It is expected to start production in 2024, when the company will produce 750,000 tons of silicon in nominal capacity, silicon dragons, battery fragments will be repaired for profit, and n-topcon will be expanded as scheduled.
Batteries are profitable at around 4/w, and with the launch of the 8gw and 8.5gw projects in Golden House II, the size of the company's battery portfolio is expected to exceed 70gw by the end of 2022, with a larger size of over 90%. In the case of the n battery, the company planned 8.5gw
In addition to this, companies will continue to expand their research on Hjt, xbc, silicon ore/silicon stack cell technology; Risk factors: less photovoltaic demand than expected, more than anticipated price fluctuations in the industrial chain, changes in the macro-environment, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.