19.1 billion investments are made up and down, combining high-quality resources in the industry.
▪ Events: 1) 19.1 billion investments in high-quality listed companies up and down: long-term development of demand for the company's business, strategic deployment of globalization, guaranteed supply of key resources in the industry, proposed by companies to target high-quality listed enterprises up and down the domestic and foreign industry chain in the form of portfolio investment
Shares, convertable bonds, etc. are invested, including, but not limited to, new stock requisitions, second-tier market securities purchases, build-ups, large sums, etc. Total investments do not exceed late 2019, audited or self-financed, and do not involve funds raised by companies for initial and non-public issuances in 2020.
2) The EBG project: the company's partnership with Jiyun Zhejiang (51% of the company's holdings) proposed to build the EBG project, with a total investment of no more than 8 billion yuan and a construction period of no more than 26 months
▪ Integration of quality resources, enhanced supply chain control, and stronger industrial chain integration. In the German era, q1 Q1 = cash in hand at the end of the year was $37.1 billion, in August was set to raise $19.7 billion, and in the last two years, net cash flows from operating activities exceeded $10 billion and are now sufficient cash in hand for further consolidation.
The strategic deployment of corporate globalization, securing the supply of critical resources, and strengthening supply chain management, is driven by superior resources in the industrial chain, and companies intend to invest in companies listed in the industrial chain. Domestic industrial chains are dominated by Ninder suppliers or customers, and this increase in upstream and downstream investment will go further.
Integrating high-quality resources into the industrial chain, ensuring that the depth of cooperation is secure with its own supply, improving the efficiency of the allocation of industry resources, and achieving win-win results. ▪ All-round leadership, global leadership, long-term growth space.
Reserves, customer targeting, production-capability layout, cost-control, etc., have taken a full lead, and global leadership has been established. The company’s share in the country has reached about 50%, and overseas markets have begun to do a few things this year, including Tesla, BMW, the general population, generality, psa, modernity, Toyota, etc.
It is expected that Ningde will export 5-6gwh overseas in 20 years, when nine of them will grow their industries + 2, Ning Dynasty (300,750): Honda.
1% share, high-quality battery production is scarce
In the context of the globalization strategy, which guarantees the supply of key resources in the industry, the company intends to invest in the stock of high-quality listed enterprises, convertable bonds, etc., up and down the internal and external industrial chain, in the form of equity investments, including, but not limited to, new stock requisitions, purchases of secondary market securities, volume increases, and so on.
Publicly released equity fund-raising. 2) Stock Holdings Company-era Jiili Ping Ping Battery Project: The Company and Zhejiang Jiyun Joint Venture-era (51% of the stock) is to build a power cell project in Eibin, with a total investment of no more than RMB 8 billion during the construction period
This is not to exceed 26 months. The following is an assessment: Integrating quality resources, strengthening supply chain control, and further strengthening the integrated status of the industrial chain. q1 was raised in cash at the end of the Nender era at $37.1 billion, with an August increase of $19.7 billion, with net cash flows from business activities exceeding 10 billion over the past two years.
In order to further integrate the dominant resources in the industrial chain, promote the strategic layout of corporate globalization, secure the supply of key resources, and strengthen supply chain management, companies intend to invest in companies that are listed in the industrial chain. Domestic industrial chains are often dominated by Ninder suppliers or customers, and this increase in upstream and downstream investment will further integrate high-quality resources in the industrial chain.
Guaranteeing the depth of cooperation and self-supply security, increasing efficiency in the allocation of resources to the industry, and diversifying the win-win investment patterns, favouring high-quality assets within and outside the country, and undertaking strategic investment in industry for long-term ownership purposes.
Large transactions, participation in targeted growth, and so on. We have sorted out the financing needs of our partners in recent times, both upstream and downstream, and the Ningde era is expected to choose the investment layout of high-quality projects to optimize the integration of assets in the gold track.
The Ningde era is a full leader in terms of technology reserves, customer targeting, production capacity layout, cost control, etc. The global leader has been established. The company's share in the country has been well established, including Tesla, BMW, the general public, psa, modern, Toyota, and so on.
In the longer term, we expect Ningde to have more than 40% of the domestic share and more than 20% of the foreign share. In 25 years, Tung Wu Securities Company Limited, approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has already had its Securities Investment Advisory Board.