1% Honda shares, high-quality battery production is a scarce resource.
This represents about 1 per cent of the company ' s total equity after this non-public release. 2) Cooperative modalities: a. battery supply is guaranteed on certain commercially advantageous terms. b. Both parties cooperate in the development of power cell systems. c. battery recovery and staircase utilization. 3) Honda will hold a continuous share over five years and will continue to cooperate amicably.
1% of Honda’s subscription, with a contribution of about $4-5 billion. After this increase, the total share capital projected for the Ningde era is 2,429 million. If the value of Honda’s shareholding in Ningde is calculated at 1%, it is expected to be $4-5 billion.
Honda's plan is to launch more than 20 electric cars in China by the end of 2025, and we expect to focus on supporting the Ningde era. Honda also proposes that 65% of the sale of the model be hybrid and pure electric by 2030.
Germany and Honda have signed a cooperation agreement to supply 56gwh batteries to Honda by 2027. Honda offered to hold shares and maintain long-term friendly cooperation within five years.
In 19 years, Honda launched a pure electric vehicle model on the Chinese market, with ideas ve-1 and X-nv, with a single-car charge of 53.6kwh, 401km, 19 years.
1. The Energetic Age (300,750);  global power growth is overwhelming, high-quality battery production is a scarce resource, and the mainframe plant is increasingly locked. Electricity approvals are well under way, and industry demand q3
Motivation trends have been identified, while power cells account for up to 40% of the cost of electric vehicles, and the mainframe is a supply chain. Safety, usually by pre-positioning high-quality battery capacity through equity participation and long-term agreements, is guaranteed.
2 Quarterly Report of the Ningding Age (300,750), with 23-year planned production capacity of 150 gwh and less (85gwh), scoring: 01 confirmed better than expected, with more than 100% of the output.
The cost of capital is clearly weaker than that of domestic second-line plants. In the case of high-quality production capacity, it is more urgent to raise capital costs for supply chain security.
3. The Year of the Ning Dynasty (300,750) reports the formation of production bindings with the Dragon Batteries.
81,444 times the amount. Given that the company is the absolute leader in the domestic power of lithium, technology, costs, and the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., it is already in possession of portfolio investment advisory services.