The sum of 20 billion dollars worth of extra sales is on the ground, Honda's strategic share is 1 per cent, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre is 100 million yuan, and nine institutional investors end up getting the sum of 10 billion yuan worth of capital subscriptions, Honda.
High-value capital – China’s value fund became the ninth largest shareholder of the company after the increase was set. The current increase in the Ningde era was $161 per share, with a total of 122 million shares locked for six months. After the launch, the high-level increase in production was set, and the power cell tap was firmly established. The current increase in the Ningde era would be used for the following:
The expansion of the West Base project ($4 billion), the Jiangsu-era power and storage project, phase 3 ($5.5 billion), the Sichuan base project, phase 1 ($3 billion), the advanced technology reserve development project for electrical and chemical storage ($2 billion) and the replenishment of capital flows ($5.2 billion). This increase has further consolidated the position of corporate power cell owners.
Honda shares 1% of the Ning Dynasty after this build-up, and on the one hand, Honda binds the world’s scarce high-quality power cell capacity.
In February 2019, the Ningde era signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Honda to supply some 56gwh power cells to Honda by 2027, with the cooperative model not limited to the Chinese market. Honda’s shareholdings will facilitate movement between the two sides.
Exchanges in the field of battery power, early deployment planning for the upcoming global power cell decommissioning, and the binding of yet another mainframe plant in the Ninder era will further strengthen its global competitiveness. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
1. Ningde (300,750): Power Batteries for the third year in a row
Considering that the company is a global power cell tap, we give the public-industry chain more bargaining power (2019-08-25)
On July 17th, after Friday news: The Nender era announced the results of its non-public stock requisition, raising a total of $1 billion, with the remaining seven institutions: Taiping Manager, Ubs, North Surefont, Morgan Chase Securities, Taijun Ann, Morgan.
Since the launch, the top ten shareholders of the company have been diluted to varying degrees, except for high capital, where the capital-China value fund jumped to the ninth largest shareholder, with an equity share of 227% (equivalent to 8.5 billion yuan and the remaining 1.5 billion).
The sum of the top 10 shareholders has decreased from 65.3 per cent to 62.68 per cent; the current increase of 19.7 billion yuan is mainly for the expansion of productive capacity, project research and development, and replenishment of liquidity, including the Ningde-era Lithium ion ion cell expansion project ($4 billion), the Jiangsu-era power and storage capacity lithium ion cell development and production.
Five projects (three issues) ($5.5 billion), Sichuan Age Power Battery Project Phase (3 billion dollars), Advanced Technology Reserve for Electrical and Chemical Storage Energy Research and Development Project ($2 billion), Replenishment of Mobile Funds (5.2 billion dollars) etc.
In February 2019, Honda signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Honda to supply some 56gwh power cells to Honda by 2027, with the cooperative vehicle model not limited to the Chinese market, and the first was to use the Ninderian battery.
The Honda model will enter the Chinese market in 2022, building on previous cooperation, adding a mound to Honda’s electric car development. Honda’s entry into the Uningde era will, on the one hand, bind scarce high-quality power cell capacity and, on the other hand, develop with the Ningde era.
Power cell systems and joint research into the feasibility of recycling agreed-upon types of used batteries from the market, and of using used batteries to prepare raw materials for lithium power, or power cell ladders. The Ningde era, when it was established, considered the recovery of power cells, but was limited to a single positive material recovery.
With the emergence of long-lived batteries, power cell recycling in the Ningde era layout is expected to move away from a single positive material recovery and instead apply recovered batteries to the storage market to actually use the battery ladder. Honda has been working with snam since 2013 on projects for the regeneration of used batteries, such as research.
How to make more efficient use of used batteries to create more economic value. In March 2020, Honda introduced a plan for the rehabilitation of used power cells, where Honda indicated that it was collecting used batteries in new energy vehicles and using them again or disassembly, depending on the circumstances, we adjusted the company’s profit projections in the light of the epidemic and the expansion plan, as follows:
Assumption 3: The combined revenue from lithium electric materials and other operations is less than 15 per cent of the company's revenue, with a smaller base, business 2) The risk that the company's productive capacity will not expand as expected
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.