Half-yearly review of the Ninder era (300,750.sz).
The power cell loader dropped better than the industry, with a strong leader. 2020h1 company power cell system operations achieved a revenue of $13.478 billion, a 20.2 per cent decline in the same year, a 26.5 per cent decrease in the Māori rate and a 2.38 ptt decline in the same year. 2020h1 domestic sales of new energy vehicles dropped by 36.3 per cent, with a total load of 17.5 gwh.
During the same period, the company produced 15 gwh, the domestic loading machine 8.8 gwh (including the gas of the times), which fell in comparison with the same period, the company increased its sales of phosphate lithium and continued its supply of Tesla in the second half of the year. Under the impact of the lig chemistry entering the national supply chain of the Littlesla battery, the city of Ningde did not rise back, mainly from the phosphate of phosphate.
Increase in the market share of passenger vehicles. 2020h1 phosphate lithium rig 3gwh, 12.9% less than the previous year, 34% higher in the company ' s aircraft structure, 8.8 pcc, 64.1% higher in the city, and 19.2 pc higher in the same period, mainly due to an increase in passenger vehicle load.
The demand for batteries + prices fell, the market environment for lithium electric materials deteriorated, and the company's performance declined. 2020h1 Lithium electric materials generated 1.230 billion yuan, a 46.5 per cent decline in the same period, and lithium downstream electricity during the reporting period.
The lower procurement requirements of the pool vendor and the lower prices of some materials, influenced by the prices of upstream metal raw materials, have led to a significant decline in the sales revenue of the company ' s lithium battery materials. The power battery installed in July, with an increase of 6.8 per cent compared to the previous year, has been positive for the first time, the industry has passed the point of diversion and demand will recover gradually in the second half of the year.
1. The Ninder Times Review Report: Performance is normal, industry is back on the growth track, and the company’s performance in lithium electric materials will improve significantly in the second half of the year. The storage market is starting gradually, and companies are increasing their R & D to achieve high growth in storage capacity.
2 Ningde Times Corporate Review: Finance Expansion Facility Public Sales Revenue of 567 million yuan, an increase of 136.4 per cent over the same period, with the cost of lithium batteries declining, and the status of lithium taps in storage applications 2020-02-27.
Various scenarios, both on the side of power generation and on the side of the user, have matured, with multiple incentives enacted in the first half of the year, and companies have continued to strengthen their R & D inputs, completing the development of core monoliths and compatible system platform products using low lithium consumption technologies, long core life cycles. The company’s first overseas storage project has been implemented in California, United States of America, and is now online.
At the end of 2019, the company had 53gwh power cell capacity and 22gwh was in the process of building capacity, with no more than the company's planned non-public stock collection during the reporting period.
19.7 billion yuan is spent on four power cell and storage production, research and development projects, and new power cell production is expected to be completed in 2022-23. The company has now announced major capacity-building projects of 100 million yuan, 36gwh, Jiangsu III (7.4 billion yuan, 24gwh) and Huxi expansion (4.6 billion yuan, 16gwh).
Together, the upper-end, the upper-age, the larger, the more powerful, the more powerful, and more than 30gwh is in construction or planning. It is expected that by the end of 2020 the total power cell capacity of the company will exceed 90gwh, with a long-term 2023 planned total capacity of over 200gwh.
Investment strategy: Long-term growth trends in the power cell market have determined that the current industry has passed, that the battery business will return to the growth pattern in the second half of the year, and that the new growth point in the energy field will begin to grow. We expect companies outside the energy sector to work for three years and participate in nuclear power, fire power, oil and gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with the cost of electricity projects.
There is considerable experience in the fields of analysis, industrial policy research, etc.., where he was employed in East Hing securities and joined the Port of Shin securities in 2019. Neither has he been, nor will he be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.