The Sini Shan evidences are coming across the world for reasons reported in the Ningde era: semi-annual reviews.
In the first half of the year, there was a slight drop in the first half of the year and a gradual recovery in the second half of the year. The first half of the year, which was affected by the epidemic, fell, and the whole was better than expected.
The amount of the source car subsidy was higher than in the second half, and the demand for batteries was strong, leading to a higher base for the same period, a build-up this year, the effects of the epidemic, a 42 per cent decline in power cell loads in the first half of the year, while the sales of the company power cell system generated $12.378 billion, a 20.21 per cent decline in the same year, and a more stable collection, which was still excellent overall.
According to ggii data, the highest/lowest in a year, when H1 Ningde was in 2020: 51%, with a strong leader. Moreover, the current production capacity of the Ningde era is 28.7gwh, and the current production capacity is 28.7gwh.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): 52.5% of the capacity is available, 18.9gwh is available, and the total planned capacity is 52gwh.
Foreign clients include BMW, Toyota, Honda, Daimler, Modern, Jaguar Rover, Popular, Volvo, Snow Dragon, Tesla. Intra-national clients include upper gas, North gas, Guang, Dong Feng, Wootung, Jili, Chang An, Dong Feng, Golden Dragon,
In the first half of 2020, there were 5368 R & D workers and 1,298 million R & D workers, higher than other firms in the same industry, accounting for 6.9% of the product.
The ctp program optimizes the battery package structure, increases space utilization, reduces overall costs, and has significant advantages. The Ninder era, from technology to market expansion, has shown strong power, and with the continuation of new energy subsidies, it is expected that new energy vehicle sales will pick up gradually in the second half of the year, better than in the same period last year, and companies will do the same.
In addition, sales revenue in the storage area doubled and the potential for future markets is greater.
\triangleright Intercentre 7th Floor Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, status and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.