On 19th of July, 2020, the requisitioning phase was approved by the entire industry and capital.
The company has a very high level of long-term recognition in both domestic and foreign capital markets.
About 19 per cent of total sales. 2) Capital markets abroad, led by high capital, ubs, jpmorgans and others, also actively reach out to olive branches, resulting in high capital subscriptions of 10 billion, or about 51 per cent of the total; other overseas ubs, jpmorgans, or a combined subscription of 2.56 billion, or a total of 2.56 billion.
13%. 3) The domestic capital market, which eventually combines the assets of the Yangtze, the North Shini Feng, the Kingdom of Thailand and others, to work together with Honda on a long-term basis in order to meet the electric shocks. Honda offered to hold shares and maintain long-term friendly cooperation within five years. Honda is planning to launch more than 20 electricity lines in China by the end of 2025.
In February of 1919, Ningde and Honda signed a cooperation agreement to supply 56gwhh batteries to Honda by 2027.  Global electricization is inexorable, high-quality battery production is scarce resources, and the mainframe plant is fast-tracked.
Motivation trends have been identified, while power cells account for up to 40% of the cost of electric vehicles, and the mainframe is a supply chain. Safety, usually by pre-positioning high-quality battery capacity through equity participation and long-term agreements, is guaranteed.
1. The Ningjong era (300,750): Honda, the Ningde era, the lig chemistry 23-year planned production capacity is 150 gwh and loose 1%, and high-quality battery production is scarce
(85gwh), sk (40gwh), Samsung (40gwh) and the capital spending intensity of second-line plants in the country. 2020-07-13 is significantly weaker. In the case of high-quality production capacity as a whole, for the safety of the supply chain.
2- The Ningding Age (300,750): The more pressing pre-generation capacity of the long-term battery plant is well under way and industry q3 is in demand.
Question: q1 shipments are confirmed to be better than expected, multi-factor profit margins are down.
The capital market has shown a very high level of long-term recognition of companies. 1) The capital of the industry consists mainly of Honda, Tibetan Hong (a shareholder with a background in the Luoyang industry), upper steam (up-air control), Tibet Xu (100% control), and eventually Honda has successfully subscribed to $3.7 billion, accounting for about 19% of the total sales. 2) Capital markets abroad, with high capital, ubs, etc.
The leading overseas capital, such as jpmorgan, has also been active in reaching out to olive branches and eventually high capital subscriptions of 10 billion, or about 51 per cent of the total; other overseas ubs, jpmorgans, total subscriptions of 2.56 billion, or 13 per cent of the total sale. 3) Domestic capital markets, and finally, Pacific assets, North Suafuang, and Kuthai Junan, total subscriptions of 3.43 billion, or 17.4 per cent of the total.
Honda is planning to launch more than 20 electric cars in China by the end of 2025, which we expect to be dominated by the accompanying Ninder era. Honda is proposing 65% of the sales of hybrid and pure electric vehicles by 2030.
In February 19 Ninder signed a cooperation agreement with Honda, which plans to supply 56gwhe to Honda by 2027, with high-quality battery production as a scarce resource and intensive locking of the main plant. It was determined that power cells account for up to 40% of the cost of the electric vehicle and that the main plant is secure in the supply chain, usually through equity participation and signature.
Long-term agreements, for example, pre-positioned high-quality battery capacity to ensure that it is powered well. And industry high-quality production is concentrated on global battery taps, and Ninder Age, lig chemistry, 23 years of planned production capacity is above 150 gwh, while the capital spending of the pine (85gwh), sk (40gwh), Samsung (40gwh) and domestic second-line plants is significantly weaker than the capital spending.
Head. In the case of high-quality production capacity, for the safety of the supply chain, it is more urgent for the tap power plant to be tied up in advance. Ninder plans to produce more than 300 gwh, and six major bases to construct a global picture of lithium electricity.
More than $19.7 billion was invested in four power-driven and energy-storage battery-building and research projects to build a total battery capacity of 52gwh, completed in 2-3 years. The company planned a total of six main bases, including the Ninder Bay area (East Bridge/East/West Lake), the Ninder Bay, the Sunyang base, the Sichuan and Qinghai bases, and the German factory, with a total production capacity of nearly 300gwh;
In 19 years, the company’s capacity was close to 60 gwh (single capital), and the Ninder era will be fully flowered in 20-21 overseas. Catl has been expanding its overseas customers since 16, and has achieved impressive results in 18-19 years of master factory lock-outs, including Tesla, BMW, the general population, general use, psa, and now.
Toyota, and others, have more flowers and more orders over the next five years. Of these, Ninder is largely a major supplier in the joint venture, and the new year-on-year intensive roll-out has begun. We expect Ninder to benefit from Psa in 20 years, overseas exports are expected to reach 5-6gwh, 21 years from the popular meb platform, the BMW new vehicle, and exports more than double their size over a long period of time.
See, we expect Ningde to gain more than 20% of its share in overseas markets, leading the world’s competitiveness. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is already in possession of portfolio investment advisory services.