Proposed acquisition of pre-directed additions to the stock of the lithium mine, strategic investment 15/09/20  (1) pilot intelligence release of 69.35 million shares to specific targets, raising $2.5 billion in Ningde.
After this issue is completed, 7.29% of Ninder's total equity will become a strategic investor for a period of five years.
This strategic investment, based on its own understanding of advanced manufacturing and automated industries, can help to improve efficiency in general, and in turn help Ninder to improve the quality of his products.
The pilot continues to increase the layout of the whole industry chain of lithium electric equipment, lithium power supply capacity, and single-machine core equipment technology to international leadership. Meningde locks in high-quality equipment production, ensuring expansion: a total of six major bases were planned for the Ningde era.
This includes the Ningdhang Bay area (East Bridge/Little East/Little West), Ningdh Road Bay, Xiaoyang Base, Sichuan and Qinghai Base, German factory, with a combined planned capacity of nearly 300 gwh; considering the current combined asset capacity, the company's capacity is planned to exceed 350 gwh. The company's capacity in 19 years is close to 60 gwh (single capital) for the next 2-3 years.
An additional 80-90gwh capacity could be added, with a global leader in scale-up. Ningde's participation in the leadership, a strategic partnership, a long-term lock-in of high-quality equipment capacity, would further ensure a smooth expansion of capacity. Into Canada's neo lithium mine, plus an upstream resource. $8.58 million (approximately 44 million) was invested.
The neo lithium industry owns the Argentine trs 1, the quebradas lithium salt lake project (300,750), which completed its prefeasibility study in May 19 and is expected to be in Ninder.
The project will target 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, which is expected to produce 40,000 tons of capacity in the future. It is now Ninder's second investment in overseas investment of billions of dollars, going up and down, to integrate industry quality.
Lithium project, which secures the supply of upstream core resources, was preceded in September 19 by the acquisition of 8.5 per cent of the Lithium Pilbara mine in Australia for $55 million (approximately $270 million).
▪ 19.1 billion investments in upstream and downstream companies, and another $1.5 billion in offshore bonds that have been successfully issued, continuing the era: nine companies that have been able to raise high-quality resources in the industry plus the industry. Ninder is going to do a variety of things around the industry.
The high preference for capital, both domestic and external, of 2020-07 - high double-term fixed-rate bonds will further broaden corporate financing, help to tap overseas markets, and provide strong security for global strategic deployments. At the same time, cobalt and lithium are strategic resources abroad.
The Ningde era is also expected to focus on configuration. 1.) Lead intelligence issues 69.35 million shares to specific targets, raising $2.5 billion, and cash-based subscriptions to all shares in the Ningde era. When this release is complete, the Ningde era will hold 7.29% of the stock capital of the lead intelligence.
Strategic investors, for a period of five years. The current distribution price is $36.05 per share, 80% of the average price for the previous 20 days. 2) Ning Dynasty invested $8.58 million (approximately RMB 44 million) in the purchase of 8% of Canada’s neo lithium industry.
To be used for the Chuhai Base Project at the headquarters of South China (with a total investment of 890 million), the Automotive Equipment Production Base Upgrading Project (with an upgrade of the old production line, with a total investment of 410 million), the Industrial Internet Co-operative Manufacturing System Construction Project (190 million), the Intelligent Digital Integrated Solutions Development and Industrialization Project (750 million).
Focusing mainly on the production of lithium back-end equipment, the main clients during the period included the Ninder era, atl, Tesla, nonthvolt, etc., this time determined to solve the problem of back-end equipment production restrictions, and to enhance the capacity of the whole-line services.
This strategic investment, based on its own understanding of advanced manufacturing and automated processes, has helped to improve overall efficiency, thereby helping Ninder to improve product quality and reduce overall production costs.
Figure 2: The number of patents registered (by keyword) in 16-19 of the Ningde era. Ningde locks in high-quality equipment production and ensures expansion.
In the Bay Area (East Bridge/Little East/Little West), Ninde Road Bay, Xiaoyang Base, Sichuan and Qinghai Bases, and German factories, the combined production capacity is set at nearly 300 gwh; taking into account the current combined asset capacity, the company’s capacity is planned to exceed 350 gwh. In 19 years, the company’s capacity is close to 60 gwh (single capital), with an additional 80-90 gwh capacity in the next 2-3 years, expanding to a global leader.
Figure 3: Discrete (pre-estimated) of Ninder’s time capacity into Canada’s neo lithium mine, plus up-front resources. $8.58 million (approximately RMB 44 million) in investments.
The prefeasibility study was completed in May, and is expected to be finalized with technical assistance from the Ninder era. The project will target the production of 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, with an expected future scale of 40,000 tons of capacity. The second investment in the overseas lithium project is now in Ninder, which secures the supply of up-front core resources, up from $55 million in September 19
In order to match the long-term development needs of companies, promote the strategic deployment of globalization and secure the supply of key resources in the industry, the company will be able to finance the following activities:
Ninder intends to invest more than 19.1 billion dollars in a variety of ways in top- and bottom-up companies. Moreover, the successful release of $1.5 billion in high-end fixed-rate bonds on September 10 will further broaden corporate financing, help open overseas markets, and provide a strong guarantee for global strategic deployments. We have sorted out recent upstream and downstream partners.
At the same time, overseas, cobalt and lithium are strategic resources, and it is expected that the Ninder era will also be focused. Full leadership, global leadership, and long-term growth space will be defined.
The company’s share in the country has been impressive, including Tesla, BMW, the general public, the general public, psa, modernity, Toyota, etc., with more flowers and a higher visibility of orders over the next five years. Ninder’s overseas exports are expected to be 5-6gwh in 20 years, more than double its size in 21 years.
In time, we expect Ninder to have more than 40% of the domestic share and more than 20% of the overseas share. 350gwh, q3 platoons are expected to be restored in 25 years, with a slight increase in power cell output expected to reach 45gwh, and an explosion in 21 years. The lithium version, q4, will be ready for mass meb platforms, q3-q4 shipments will rise on a seasonal basis, and sales are expected to be nearer throughout the year.
45gwh, an increase of 10 per cent, with overseas markets contributing 5gwh. In 21 years, we expect global electric vehicle sales to reach 3.8-4 million, a 40 per cent increase over the previous year, while Ninder, as the global leader, will benefit from Tesla, overseas vehicle sales, which will outpace the industry, with more than 70 gwh, an increase of 55 per cent.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board