The Ningde era (300,750): Power cell-wired industry leads, storage can grow rapidly.
The power cell business remained strong, with a rapid increase in storage capacity. In 2020, H1 company power cell business lost 20.21 per cent to 13.478 billion yuan in revenue on a year-on-year basis, and its capacity utilization declined from 2019.
The average price of the corresponding battery package is around 0.875/wh, 0.725/wh, and we measure the amount of the company ' s revenue recognition power cell system in the first half of the year, about 16gwh (based on the company ' s official disclosure), while the media such as the Automotive House quoted the sneresarch data, the company ' s global loading volume in the first half of the year.
10gwh, 23.5%, China Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance data show that the company installed 8.44gwh in the country for the first half of the year, with 48.31%, and we measured the export portion of about 1.56gwh.
Other operations have seen a significant increase in the share of income from other operations, and other gains from changes in fair value have a greater positive impact on operating profits.
Figure 3: Market share of domestic power cell enterprises in 2020 (by vehicle load) Figure 4: Market share of global power cell enterprises in 2020 (by vehicle load)
In the context of the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year and the 42% decline in domestic power batteries, the company is still more robust and competitive. In the short term, the company's products will be accompanied by a national product, Teslamodel3, which we appreciate.
In the longer term, the Department has European clients, such as BMW, and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Honda on 11 July this year, and announced on 5 August, through the "New Energy for the Catlinder Age" of the official microbono, that it will further strengthen its partnership with Mercedes-Benz. Companies build on strong technology and experience, open business models.
At the same time, we believe that companies continue to lower costs through the integration of industrial chains, such as lithium, and that competitiveness is expected to grow even further, as companies develop over the long term. East’s financial resources are booming.
East Hing Securities Insight Report Ningde Times (300,750): Power Batteries maintain industry leadership and fast growth in storage operations Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Table
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth,
B.A., Shanghai University of Transport, and B.A. (Financial Directions), University of Manchester, joined East Hing Securities in May 2019, led the team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; and was invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Transport Congress.
Li Wanshan B.A., University of Xian Transport, and Master of Nuclear Science and Engineering, University of Qinghua, formerly employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Centre of the Department of Environmental Protection for Nuclear Safety Review
In 2019, the Chinese People’s University joined the Tung Xing Portfolio to conduct research on electrical equipment and new energy industries, mainly in charge of the new energy analysts’ own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been and is not relevant in the past, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.