The company released its mid-2020 report, which achieved business income of $18,829 million, 7.08 per cent lower than the previous six months, a net profit of $1.937 billion for the parent, 7.86 per cent lower than the previous year, and a net loss of income to the parent.
In the first half of the year, there was an overperformance, a stronger industry, the impact of the epidemic, a sharp decline in the domestic sales of new energy vehicles in the first half of the year. In January-June, there were 3,93,000 new energy vehicles, a 37.4 per cent decline in the same year.
38.5 per cent. In the first half of the year, corporate business income was reduced by 7.08 per cent on a year-on-year basis against a background of weak end demand, with a further increase in maternity status and a further increase in the leading position.
Globally, there were 850,000 new energy cars sold in the first half of the year, a decline of 16 per cent, but Europe's new energy vehicle, Zhang Tiannan, was strong in the first half of the year, with 398,000 vehicles sold, an increase of 60 per cent.
The impact of the high growth rate was that companies earned $2.24 billion in overseas operations in the first half of the year, an increase of 189 per cent over the same year. The rate of Māori operations abroad rose by 10 pct throughout the year. This compares with domestic business income of $16.59 billion, a decline of 15 per cent compared to 26.9 per cent compared with 2.3 pct in overseas operations.
The cost rate fell during the period, and research and development continued to be highly invested. 28 Sinrysi Street, Beijing West Side, dropped considerably, down by 1.01 pct and increased cost-control capabilities over the same period last year.
Cost 1.3 billion yuan, R & D 6.90 per cent, R & D investment keeping industry up to date.
Fukuda Fukuda, the 6th tax freer, $11.3 billion, totals $14.2 billion, and has a better asset quality. Corporate cash on the books is much higher than interest-bearing liabilities, and as a result it has achieved higher financial revenues and net revenue from financial costs of $402 million.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
1.00 The solvency capacity has increased significantly from last year.  entered the Tesla supply chain, with orders expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
Tesla, as the leading global electric car industry, will be more secure in terms of future sales and speed. Since the Shanghai plant’s bulk delivery, Model3 has gradually become evenly priced, and has occupied new energy sources for many months.
In the second half of the year, corporate orders are expected to accelerate to provide a new performance growth point as the country’s new energy auto industry resumes. While the period of integration is under way, the future market is vast, and companies have a greater advantage than their counterparts.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.