The approvals are going well, and the industry q3 demand cut-off point is going to raise a total of up to $19.7 billion on 01.07.2020, mainly to build four power and storage batteries.
and research and development projects for the construction of a total battery capacity of 52gwh, completed in 2-3 years, namely the Lake West (total investment 4.6 billion, 16gwh), Jiangsu III (7.4 billion, 24gwh), Sichuan I (4 billion, 12gwh) and Storage Energy Research and Development (total investment $3 billion).
• Planning for more than 300gwh production capacity, with 6 major bases building global lithium electrograms. The company’s 6 largest bases include the Ninder Bay area (East Bridge/East/West Lake), Ninder Road Bay, Yiyang Base, Sichuan and Qing Hai Base, German factories, with a combined planned production capacity of nearly 300 gwh; considering the current co-consolidated assets,
In May, Ningde's time-loading power dropped by 33 per cent, the ring fell by 12 per cent, the overall demand ratio was 1, and the Ningde era (3000,750) was reviewed in a quarterly report:
q1 shipments are confirmed to be better than expected, more profitable than expected, better than expected in volume, better in ammunition.  Lithium is confirmed as being produced in the supplier country m3, with an estimated share of 10-20% over 20 years.
3- The Ninder Times (300,750) performance pre-enactment point into the promotion catalogue, 100 km of power consumption control, without losing at all lg, rating: share up + overseas, better than industry.
At the same time, three-dollar batteries are expected to be certified to enter more vehicle-type supply systems. The advance speeds of 2020-04-10, which started officially in July-August, are expected to capture 10-20% of the national product Tesla in 20 years.
19.7 billion yuan were invested in four power-driven and energy-storage battery-building and research projects to build a total battery capacity of 52gwh, completed in 2-3 years, respectively, in the Huxi project (total investment 4.6 billion, 16gwh), the Jiangsu era III (7.4 billion, 24gwh), the Sichuan era phase (4 billion, 12gwh) and the storage energy research and development project (total investment 3 billion).
Planning for more than 300gwh production capacity, and construction of a global lithium map at six major bases. The company’s six major bases, including the Ningdham Bay area (East Bridge/East/West Lake), the Nind Cheongyang Bay, the Sichuan and Qinghai bases, and the German factory, have a combined production capacity of nearly 300 gwh; considering the current combined asset capacity, the company’s capacity is planned to exceed 350 gwh in 19 years.
60gwh (single) this time, with three additional projects plus the Bay Base, could add an additional 70-80gwh capacity over the next 2-3 years, leading the world in terms of expansion. Demand recovered steadily in April/May, with Ninder’s 20q2 global loader expected to be around 6gwh.
The volume of 1.6gwh, which fell by 33 per cent in the same year, the ring by 12 per cent in the same year, and the overall demand ring by a slower recovery. A cumulative load of 6.35gwhh in the previous May, a 40 per cent decline in the same year. Domestic electric car sales were characterized by a rapid recovery of demand at the toc end and a weaker demand at the tob end, with major increases preding demand in second-tier cities, depending on the Totsla, the power of new cars and so on.
The same ratio has narrowed to about 30%. Overseas orders are now mainly psa-type, with about 1 gwh arriving overseas during the quarter, with a brief slowdown in demand due to the epidemic in April-May, a projected recovery in June, a projected 0.5 gwh impact of 20 q2 overseas in Ninder, delays in operating, renting, etc., and we expect more stimulus in the public sector in the second half of the year, leading to the tob end.
And the new models are starting to deliver, further stimulating demand. In July, the domestic battery taps were more than 40% higher than expected, with a lower base in July last year and a higher rate of increase in the same year, followed by a month-to-month demand in the industry, and q3 was expected to recover. New forces and joint ventures, mainly from the Ninder era, are expected to maintain 50% of Ninder's domestic share for 20 years.
Additional overseas orders are expected to start recovering in June, q3 is expected to return to high growth, and overseas shipments are expected to take place from 4 to 5gwh throughout the year. Combined with partial late confirmation and pre-positioning totalling around 5gwh, Ningde is expected to deliver 45-50gwh throughout the year.
Lithium is recognized as a national product, m3, with an estimated share of 10-20% over 20 years. The national product, lithium 3, is officially on the roll, 100 km of electricity consumption is well controlled, and the lithium version performance is not lost at all.
With the advent of the global electric year, the high-quality capacity of the powered lithium power generation is scarce and strong. We expect a global penetration rate of 15% for about 15 million vehicles in 2025, corresponding to the needs of 1,000 gwh power cells in the Göringer era.
For 30% of the share, 300gwh orders are available. For the first time in three years in a row in the Nender era, after becoming the leading supplier of home-owned brands, the company has received a series of large orders from the public, BMW, Tesla, Toyota, Dymler, General, Modern Chia, etc., to take the lead in the domestic joint-venture model, which was launched in 21 by German factories.
After the birth, there will be an outbreak in the European market that will provide further guarantees for sustained high growth. By the firm’s absolute leader in the domestic power of lithium electricity, the technological, cost, and customer resource advantages are evident.