Together with Honda's strategy, global electricisation accelerates.
The Ningde era announcement stated that the company and Japan had signed a strategic cooperation agreement on 10 July 2020, which included: 1) hunda's intention to subscribe to the company through Honda Tech Research (China) in July 2020, which is about 1 per cent of the total equity after the targeted increase and will hold stocks for more than five years. 2) The company will hold shares for more than five years.
The supply of power cells to hunda and cooperation in power cell development, recycling of used batteries, and use of power battery ladders. We believe that Honda's entry into the stock market will be very useful to the foreign market in the Ningde era, which will continue to grow up in the next three years, looking for medium- and long-term high-speed growth.
The Ningde era and Honda have deepened their cooperation, and the foreign branding has continued to grow, and we believe that this time our cooperation with Honda has three main features: 1) According to the Ningde era official information, the Nind era battery-car model will be marketed in China in 2022.
Formerly the main supplier of Honda power cells, but mainly with a single car with a lower power supply of phev. This time, in partnership with the Ninder era, Honda will focus on a pure electric field, with a significant increase in supply from the Ninder era.) The Ningde era will work with Honda throughout the power cell cycle, including the development of used battery recycling,
New business models, such as power cell ladders, which are strongly associated with the battery industry, or will accelerate the landing rate of the new business model. 3) Honda’s entry into the stocking era will effectively raise the visibility of the Ninder era in overseas markets, which is expected to rise rapidly as the branding of overseas markets is gradually consolidated.
• Domestic high-quality supply chains are integrated with global car companies, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles is expected to accelerate, with Honda selling 4.63 million cars worldwide in 2019, the world’s fourth largest car company. This time with Ninder, the corporate update report - a large monthly ring ratio.
In addition, the company’s first-time coverage report, Ninder’s era, shows that Chinese enterprises are competitive globally.
The power cell industry has high technical barriers, Honda has opted to enter into the power cell chain in a stock-in-stock form, to integrate the high-quality resources of the new energy vehicle industry chain, or to accelerate the rate of penetration of new energy vehicles for the long-term development of the industry.