China State Air (601111): q2 cash flow back, and the overall utilization of the aircraft has yet to be increased
-46.4 billion, with a positive return in net cash flow, amounting to $1.08 billion, a significant improvement from the one-quarter figure of $8.72 billion. Transportation of passengers, goods, mail and luggage; domestic and international public services, affected by multiple factors, has recovered relatively slowly: as of July, the country, the east and the south ask, respectively, had recovered.
Flight operations; aircraft operations; aircraft maintenance; 47.5 per cent, 56.1 per cent and 58.7 per cent return to the same period last year, with three major flights to China returning to the phase; inter-air operators: locations related to main battalion operations
Surface services and air couriers; on-board duty-free goods; on-board goods are slower. We believe that the highest ratio of wide-body machines in the country makes them relatively passive in the retail business of the epidemic; air accident insurance sales agents; and imports and exports.
In the first half of the year, the airport in the capital city of the company’s main base was slow to recover. Strictly controlled costs, but rigid costs had limited scope for reduction: companies controlled costs in the first half of the year, with low oil prices outside.
The environment has also eased the pressure on the operations of the Division. However, depreciation, maintenance and the three rigid costs of labour, the large loss of participation in the Division has led to a significant decline in investment returns: corporate investment returns - 2.87 billion yuan (compared to 290 million in the same period last year) and Chinese air investment earnings - 23.7 billion (compared to 199 million in the same period last year).
The substantial losses in the participation of the Department have caused some delays in the company’s performance. The cash flow has been positive, and the money reserves have been adequate: the company q2 has continued to suffer a significant loss, but the cash flow has been high.
The net operating cash flow of $1.08 billion has been positive, a significant improvement over the --872 billion in the past quarter. Corporate cash reserves amount to $14.1 billion, which will guarantee normal operations in the event of an outbreak.
Dependence, aircraft (especially broad-body machines) will remain at a low level until the outbreak is brought under control, which is not conducive to the recovery of company performance. So, more important than the rest of the country’s navigational divisions, the new crown vaccine model is being put into the air.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: As the impact of the epidemic slows the recovery of international routes, we lower the company’s level of investment in the company.
China State Air (601111): q2 cash flow has returned, and the overall utilization of the aircraft has yet to be improved.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports China State Air (601111): 02 cash flow is positive and the overall utilization rate of the aircraft needs to be improved
Master ' s in Finance Mathematics, University of Gangan, three years of experience in investment studies, employment in Broadbond securities, 2015-2018, and introduction to the Trade and Transport Industry, 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.