The ddr5 penetration rate has increased steadily, with multiple new items opening up the space for growth Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) 1 company achieved operating income of $1.927 billion in 2021, an increase of 166.04 per cent over the same period; realization of return
$1 billion, an increase of 177.40 per cent in the same year; net return profit of $375 million, an increase of 115.77 per cent in the same year; delayed release of ddr5 penetration by sapphirrapids
Company q2 recorded a significant increase in revenue and profits on a year-on-year basis. Three indicators of corporate operating income, net profits, net profits, and interconnection chip line operating income for the single quarter were the highest in the company’s history.
The delay will have less impact on the company’s ddr5 memory interface penetration rate, and the dddr5 product readiness will be positive.
Work is under way on product quality and client certification, and it is expected to complete the production of the volume version in the second half of the year. According to our measurements, the penetration rate of company q2ddr5 is around 10-15%. (2) The capture server platform continues to be released.
The company has continued its efforts to raise its market share by 2022h2 and the server platform, which has generated sales revenue of 690 million yuan, an increase of 1730 per cent.
cpu’s server-type has been widely used in the financial, transport, government, energy, etc., and has accumulated a series of typical cases with a good branding demonstration effect. (3) The non-recurring return of q2 companies is $112 million, a record high, mainly in terms of investment returns.
The company continues to build up its research and development inputs and expand its product lines. Following the bright performance of the server platform, the company still has a lot to look for: (1) ckd chip: in the first half of 2022, the company completed the ddr5 first-generation ckd chip.
1. Science and technology (68808.sh): Keep an eye on the design of the prototypes and plan to complete the flow of the prototypes in the second half of 2022.
(2) pcierettimer chip: In the first half of 2022, based on client feedback and the update of the pcie standard for new operations, such as the capture server platform, the company is developing a version of the pcie 5.0 retimer chip production.
(iii) mcrcd/db chip: in the first half of 2022, the company gradually infiltrated the products of jedec according to the client's requirements and accelerated the release of cpu.
With regard to the pace of standard-setting and the orderly development of relevant products, the company has largely completed the design of the first-generation mcrrcd/db chip prototype of the ddr5, and is preparing for the optimization of the project slides based on feedback from clients and updates of relevant standards.
(4) mxc chip: In the first half of 2022, the company completed the development of the first generation of mxc chip engineering prototypes and began sending samples to clients and partners for system validation, and is developing a volume version based on feedback from clients and updates of relevant standards.
(5)ai chips: During the first half of 2022, the company continued to promote the collusiveness of the software and hardware of the ai chip, optimized, while actively promoting the preparation of the first generation of the ai chip prototype before the slide. Research and development has not progressed as expected, industry competition has increased, and the memory industry has shown subversive technologies.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.