Researchchand developmentcenter
– Deep Report by China Air 601111, 24 November 2023, China Air 60111.sh.
The company has been focusing on air transport masters, holding successive shares, participating in numerous local aviation divisions, and continuously expanding its operations.
Fast-tracking; profit-side, gross profit of 23h1 increased significantly by 102.8 per cent over the year-on-year ratio, Māori ratio and net interest rate double-slash, equal to +60.6 pct, +85.9 pct; net profit-to-mortality reduction, significant to 3451 million yuan, equal to +82.2 per cent; RMB exchange rate at the end of 23h1 depreciated by 3.75 per cent over the end of 22 years, especially in the second quarter
An increase of 141.5% over 19q2 and a second-quarter loss of earnings from remittances has been achieved. While industry has a competitive edge, the city’s share has remained at the forefront. 1) Network advantage: building a hub in Beijing, mastering high-quality time resources, and raising overall revenue
The company has now formed a network of four-angled diamond routes in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu and Shenzhen, covering the most densely populated and economically advanced regions of the country, to match the market position of high-end public and commercial tourist groups in the company.
On the domestic route, the company's winter and spring flight plan for 2023 recorded 18.6 per cent of first-line cities and 25.3 per cent of first-line and new-line cities, respectively;
There are six seven routes, mostly public and commercial, with abundant passenger resources. 23H1 international and regional routes have returned to 17,320 million international and regional routes, which have dropped in the last month (%).
At the same time, companies are at the top of the Department of Air Transport (DAA) by 13.4% of total capacity, absolute and relative. At the same time, companies are at the top of the list of type II long-range international routes with higher thresholds, and the share of flights in the Euro-American region is in circulationa (%).
The market share has been overwhelmingly dominant, with companies accounting for 45.9 per cent of flights in Europe and 31.1 per cent in North America under the 2023 winter and spring flight plan, all of which are in the forefront of the Department of Air Transport, with a clear advantage over international airline resources.
2) Market positioning advantages: location of the mainstream public-business passenger market and high-yielding quality. Company location of North Kyoto capital, location of medium- and high-end public-business mainstream passenger markets, high regional income groups, high demand for business trips, and quality of earnings.
At the same time, the steady growth in membership and the income of regular travellers effectively secures the company’s future earnings. The company’s membership has been growing steadily, and by the end of 2022 it had reached more than 751,126 million members, with regular travellers contributing approximately 51.9 per cent of the revenue.
In the long run, the performance is expected to improve, with countervailing integration and improved supply and demand. 1) The acquisition of mountain shipping further increases the market share.
2. Demand is expected to rise in the context of a downward trend in supply and demand. At the supply end, since 2019, the number of domestic transport aircraft has declined significantly, until 2022, when the number of aircraft on board was maintained for four consecutive years.
The pace of growth has declined significantly since then, with the number of drivers in the country dropping 1.9 per cent in 2022 compared to the previous year, and the demand side, with a rising trend in passenger turnover and passenger occupancy at the ltd. Since 2023, the number of passengers in civil aviation has increased nationwide.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City City, where the monthly value rose monthly and the rate of increase was more than 40 per cent the same month; international travel requirements continued to rise, with international passenger turnover recovering from the same period in 2019 from January to October 2023.
3) The price of fares: The marketation of fares has continued to boost performance with the mismatch between supply and demand. The reform of domestic civil aviation fares has been gradually moving forward. From December 2014 to November 2020, the number of domestic routes with market regulation increased from 365 to 1698.
The share of all domestic routes increased from 13.8 per cent to 36.2 per cent during the year, depending on the price situation of the specific routes. In 2017-2023, the main routes, the Beijing-Shenzhen route, Shanghai-Ghangzhou marketization reforms continued to deepen.
With the effect of moving a price increase, the future profitability of the Division is expected to continue to increase, and performance is expected to grow over time. (4) Oil prices & exchange rates: In terms of oil prices, the cost of aviation oil for companies is affected by the combined cost of oil used and aviation oil.
In the first half of the year, about 32.7 per cent; if the average oil price remains constant, a number of assets and liabilities in United States dollars and euros will be affected by exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi ' s foreign currency, thereby generating a certain exchange gain or loss.
Under the circumstances, the exchange rate of the renminbi has changed by 1 per cent against the United States dollar, and the net profits of the company are expected to increase or decrease by $297 million. Performance is expected to rise significantly; the combined valuation considerations, for the first time, cover the risk factors that we give the company “buy-in”: demand for travel has not recovered as expected, international shipping has not resumed as much as expected, and oil prices have risen significantly.
China’s national airline is the leader of China’s air transport, and the current needs for civil aviation are being quickly repaired. A sustained recovery of future international flights is expected to boost supply and demand.
In the medium and long term, with the long-term effects of the marketization of fares, the company, the only one in the country to carry the flag, the leader of the development of the civil aviation industry, has a long history of deep-seated and focused on the development of China's civil aviation industry.
The company was established in July 1988 by the former Chinese International Air Corporation, the Beijing Administration of the General Civil Aviation Administration of China, to take over the business of the Beijing Administration of Civil Aviation, and was then China’s highest asset and largest transport turnover.
The former Chinese Southwest Air Company formed the China Air Group; it was launched in September 2004 and was successfully listed at Hong Kong Union and London Certificate Offices in the same year; in 2006, China State Airlines landed and entered the market officially. Since then, the company has held shares, participated in various local aviation divisions, and continuously expanded its business plans and operations; completed in March 2023
Table 1: The history of China's navigational history is that of China's high-quality navigational division under the banner of China's navigation group, with many local aviation divisions holding shares and participating in them.
The State Committee of the Council of State, the controlling shareholder, is limited in China as a fully-owned subsidiary of the China Air Group, which shares 50.14% of the shares in the China Air Service directly and indirectly. The company has a cross-share with the State Air Service, and the flag also holds shares in Shenzhen Air (100% of the shares in Kunming Air, 51% of the shares in Henan Air), Shandong Air, Beijing Air, Dalian Air, Inner Moon Air, Australia.
In March 2023, the company issued an announcement that the planned transfer of equity had been completed, that the company had taken control of the Mountain Shipping Group, that it held 22.8% of the Mountain Shipping Group shares directly and that it had 42% of the Mountain Shipping Group indirectly.
Figure 1: China ' s national aviation equity structure (up to 23h1) 1.2 Focus on air transport masters, performing short-term pressure and not changing high-quality income-generating capabilities, China ' s air carrier industry focuses on the task of building national airline business cards, mainly in the provision of domestic and international services
In 2022, the company achieved business income of $52.9 billion, i.e. - 29.0 per cent; in the first half of 2023, the company resumed business and its revenues increased significantly, with a significantly narrower gap than in 19 years.
In 2022, the company achieved revenue from passenger transportation. 382.96.2) Air freight and mail operations: company freight services include general air cargo services and special cargo services (covering perishables, live animals, precious goods and dangerous goods, etc.) and mail and courier services are meant to cover mail and courier operations, including 24 hours ' duration.
Fast-mail services and express freight forwarding services. In 2022, the company achieved $1085 million in freight and mail revenue, compared to 3) other operations: other major battalion operations consisted mainly of ground services, aircraft and engine maintenance, import and export services, air catering services and other aviation services. In 2022, the company achieved $2,527 million in other major battalion operations, compared to the same amount.
As a result of the new crown epidemic, the overall demand for the civil aviation sector slowed down and revenue fell; immunization policy was optimized in the first half of the year, industry demand recovered markedly, and company revenues recovered significantly, largely to the same level in 2019.
1.3 Financial indicators have improved markedly, highlighting their resilience to risk, and more than 23h1 financial indicators have improved significantly. The impact of the epidemic has diminished, adding a recovery in demand for long-distance trips.
1) Profitability: From a Māori perspective, there has been a significant recovery in the civil aviation transport market since 2023, leading to a positive overall business performance, a significant increase in gross profits on a year-on-year basis and a double increase in Māori rates and net interest rates. 23h1 achieved Māori of $402 million, an increase of 102.8 per cent, and 23h1 achieved Māori rates of 0.67 per cent and net interest rates of 6.79 per cent, respectively.
In the first half of 2023, the median exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar depreciated by 3.75 per cent, especially in the second quarter of the year.
23q2 is remitted to the mother ' s net profit of about $1.01 billion, an increase of 141.5 per cent over 19q2, and corporate interest earned in the second quarter. 2) Debt situation: corporate interest-bearing debt slowed down and declined in proportion to total debt. The six-monthly increase in interest-bearing corporate debt in 2022 was largely influenced by the merger mountain group, and after this factor was removed, the company interest-bearing debt was higher than at the end of the previous year.
3) Sustainable operations: formerly affected by significant risk factors, corporate operating cash flows from 2020 to 2022 fluctuated significantly and asset-liability ratios rose faster; 23h1 business went well, operating cash flows went positive, corporate assets figure 4: Māori rates and net interest rates were stable before the outbreak, 23h1 recovered significantly
II. The industry has a leading competitive advantage, and the city maintains its leading 2.1-hub advantage: building the Beijing hub, mastering high-quality time resources, raising the overall level of returns, developing evenly at home and abroad, and increasing brand influence. China Air insists on “a balanced development at home and internationally, with domestic support”.
The principles of the international market layout have evolved into a regional hub with Beijing as the core complex, with Shanghai as the key international portal, with Shenzhen at the heart of the beading triangle, the four-angled diamond structure. The company is growing in strength, building on the current broad and balanced network of domestic and international routes, and continuing internationalization cooperation based on the Alliance and the Overseas Industry Association.
2.1.1 High concentration of domestic routes on the south-east side of the Hu Gangan Line, based at the Beijing Capital International Airport, has built a quadrough of Mitsubishi with Beijing, Chengdu, Shanghai and Shenzhen as nodes.
The hub network structure, which covers the most densely populated and economically advanced regions of the country, mostly on the south-east side of the Hu-Huan Line, matches the market position of high-end public business passenger groups in the company. In the 2023 winter and spring flight plan, 18.6% of the company’s first-line cities fly together, and 18.6% of the company’s first-line cities fly together.
According to the Civil Aviation Pre-flight Plan, the flight plan for the winter and spring season of 2023 revealed by the Management System, the number of flights in the top 20 inter-city routes, and the company.
The city is ranked first in six, and second in seven, mostly public-business passenger-rich routes. By specific routes, the average number of flights per week is more than 40% in Shanghai-Shangdu, Beijing-Hangzhou, Beijing-Kongqing, and more than 30% in Beijing-Shangdu, and Beijing-Sian.
The number of flights is highest in Beijing and Chengdu, according to specific airport hubs. According to the air advance plan management system, the flight plan for the 2023 winter and spring seasons, the number of flights allocated by the country to the North Kyoto and Beijing airports was the highest and the highest in the country.
Next, the number of flights allocated by the State to both the Chengdu and Chengdu airports reached 28.1%, the same level of ranking. The share of flights distributed by the State to the airports in the Shanghai region and the wider depths is relatively low, with the Shanghai region accounting for 8.2% and the Deep Territory for 7.1%.
Figure 15: The share of national air traffic in long-range airports is 7.1% at a time, the company ' s domestic airline revenue continues to rise, and the airline ' s revenue capacity is stronger in the three major flights. Until 2020, the company ' s inbound airline unit per person ' s earnings remained largely stable, at around 0.58-0.63 dollars; they were affected by a new crown epidemic in 2020.
By contrast, the country’s passenger kilometre earnings have remained high, with a high degree of risk resistance and profitability. 2.1.2 International routes cover a wide range, leading the market share of mainstream European and American routes, and a rapid recovery of the international air market.
A subsidiary, Shenzhen Air (including Kunming Air), Macao Air, Beijing Air, Dalian Air, Innermont Air Operations Passenger Lines, 770 routes, consisting of 137 international and 27 regional routes. The company has 43 national and regional flights, 187 cities, including 65 international and 3 regional.
International cooperation has reached 1,317 destinations in 195 countries (regions), especially with a leading market share on mainstream inter-country routes such as Europe and the United States. Current companies are making every effort to “fly through” international routes, restoring and increasing international and regional routes in 2022.
The company has achieved the resumption and expansion of 43 international and regional passenger shipping routes, including Beijing-Frankfurt, Shanghai-Photo-London, Hangzhou-Rome, Chengdu-Hong Kong, and the resumption of more than 20 direct international flights from Beijing.
The international and regional routes are among the top three types of shipping. The route movements show that, until 2020, the international and regional routes of the State had been at the top of the fleet (ask); the international and regional routes had faced serious challenges since 2020, accounting for 6.5% of the total capacity of all routes; and the international and regional routes of 23H1 had been at the top of the fleet.
Recovering to 17,320 million usable kilometres, or 13.4 per cent of the total capacity and percentage of the total. The largest number of wide-body aircraft is more suitable for long-distance international flights. As far as the fleet is concerned, as of 23h1, the number of B737, a320 and a330 aircraft in the structure of the Chinese national air fleet is the third highest, with 392 (43 per cent) and a330 (43 per cent) respectively).
348 (39 per cent) and 60 (7 per cent). International routes are more long-distance, broad-body aircraft-type space is more extensive, experience is more stable and comfortable, and travel is more advantageous in long-line travel. Compared to the three major fleets of 23h1, the number of national wide-ranging aircraft is 139, representing 15.8 per cent of the number of passenger aircraft, and the number and relative number are among the top in the country.
Figure 21: China ' s fleet structure (as of 2023h1)
Right-to-air resources are scarcely valuable, and access thresholds are high for two types of international navigation, such as in the European and American region. To ensure that the use of resources on international routes is maximized and to promote effective competition, the Civil Aviation Authority issued a circular on the management of international right-to-source allocation and use of resources, adopting a classification of rights on one or two lines of international shipping, and a higher threshold for access to rights on two types of international voyages.
In particular, under the 2023 winter and spring season plan, the number of State flights in the European region reached 45.9%, with the absolute advantage of being the first carrier in the European region. In the North American region, the number of State flights rose from 25.0% in the 2019 winter and spring season.
By 2023, 31.1% of the winter and spring seasons had risen to the top of the fleet, with a clear advantage. In Japan and South-East Asia, the share of national flights is relatively low at the moment, with 12.2% in Japan and South-East Asia and 8.9% in South-East Asia.
Figure 23: In the 23-year winter and spring season, the country ' s passenger revenue was the highest in the European region at the time of the flight, with the European and North American regions consistently receiving the highest percentage of passenger revenue, particularly the European dollar, which increased by 8.5 per cent; North America, which achieved $7.9 billion in passenger revenue, a slight decrease of 1.9 per cent; Asia and the Pacific and others
The current revenue from passenger transport was $9.5 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the same period; and from Japan and Korea, revenue from passenger transport was $7.8 billion, an increase of 14.0 per cent over the same year. This compares with the highest share of passenger revenue from Europe and the United States, which remained at more than 50 per cent, with a combined increase of 53.5 per cent in 2019.
The rate of increase, except in 2019, remained at almost 10 per cent, with the Japanese and Korean region experiencing faster growth in passenger revenue between 2018 and 2019. Figure 27: Revenue from passenger traffic in Central Europe and the United States on international routes has an advantage over the highest 2.2 market location: location of the mainstream public and commercial passenger market, with high-yielding quality
With the Beijing hub, the company's position is high, the top10 city line is commercial, for example, and six of the routes are related to Beijing. Beijing-Shanghai is ranked first in the week, with weekly shuttle flights reaching 900, with 128.6 shifts per day, and Beijing-Changdu line.
At the same time, the public-business passenger market has a higher overall return, compared to the three major air carriers’ kilometre earnings, with the highest rate of return in 2022 at $0.63 per kilometre. The company’s clientele are more sticky, with membership and income from regular passengers increasing steadily over the years. By the end of 2022, the company’s Phoenix had recorded a steady increase.
With more than 75,112,600 members, regular passenger revenue accounts for about 51.9 per cent of the company’s passenger revenue, China National Airlines has an additional 15,653,000 registered users, with a total of 1,5987,000 users; 435 newly developed clients, with a total of 2,839 effective clients. The steady growth in the number of members and the income of regular travellers is expected to effectively safeguard the company’s future earnings.
Figure 31: Sustained growth in Phoenix's Heung Soo membership Figure 32: Income from regular passenger contributions as a percentage of income from passenger movements is higher than it is, III. Reverse integration, improved supply and demand, with long-term prospects for better performance
3.1 Acquisition of mountain shipping, further enhancement of market share, acquisition of control of mountain navigation groups, and further consolidation of market position. The ownership of the mountain navigation group by China’s national navigation by Jeanshan Steel and the replenishment of the mountain navigation group, together with 66% ownership of the mountain navigation group and control of the mountain navigation group upon completion of the transaction;
The company holds 22.8% of the shares directly in the mountain and 42% indirectly through the mountain carrier group. The company acquires control of the company’s shares in the mountain carrier group and the company’s first band in the world air transport enterprise.
As of 23h1, the company has become the largest air carrier in the Asian fleet, and the network of domestic routes has been effectively supplemented. Market shares and combined competitive power have increased, favouring new patterns of development in which the service cycle is dominated.
In terms of asset liabilities, as of 23h1, the total assets of the company had grown to $344.5 billion after the acquisition of the Mountain Shipping Group. In terms of passenger turnover, compared to the Department of Air Operations ' 2022 rpk, China ' s air passenger turnover was 15.4 per cent compared to the industry ' s 15.4 per cent at the end of the three major fleets.
A Boeing 737 series, with a significant increase in the number of aircraft available in the company and the largest fleet. 3.2 Demand is expected to rise in the context of supply growth downwards.
At the industry end, the overall increase in the size of the country ' s civil aviation fleet has slowed and the number of workers, including drivers, has decreased. On the fleet ' s size, the number of domestic transport aircraft was 4165 in 2022, an increase of 2.7 per cent compared to the previous period; since 2019, the number of domestic transport aircraft has declined significantly, and the number of aircraft has increased by four consecutive years, until 2022.
The average age of the pilot has also risen significantly in recent years, from 39.55 years in 2020 to 40.39 years in 2022. The ratio of aircraft with air traffic control in 2022 was 6.77 (capable of piloting) relative to aircraft for the past three years.
There is still a gap between the 7.05 margin and figure 39: the ratio of aircraft on board of the captain ' s licence in 2022 compared to 19 years. Industry demand shows an upward trend in passenger turnover and passenger occupancy.
In comparison with 2019, there was a rapid increase in the rate of recovery of passengers in civil aviation, a recovery in passenger travel demand, and an overall upward trend in passenger occupancy. The international route was gradually liberalized, the third exit team travel list was announced, and the demand for international travel continued to rise in 2023.
At the beginning of the year, the Ministry of Tourism has published three lists of countries and areas where exit teams have been restored. The number of open groups has increased in one batch. The number of ex-citizens travelling abroad has reached 138; the monthly flow of passengers on international routes has also been increasing on a monthly basis, and the rate of international passenger turnover has risen from 8.6 per cent to 53.7 per cent between January and October 2023, compared to the same period in 2019.
3.3 Prices at the end of the fare: under the mismatch between supply and demand, the marketization of fares has continued to boost performance. The reform of domestic civil aviation fares has been gradually moving. Since 2004, domestic fares have been liberalized, air prices have gradually been converted from government-directed prices to market-adjusted prices, and more and more routes have begun to introduce market-based pricing.
The number of domestic routes using market-regulating routes increased from 365 in December 2014 to 1698 in November 2020, increasing from 13.8 per cent of all domestic routes in that year to 2017-2023, the main routes, the Beijing-Shenzhen route, Shanghai and Shanghai.
In Guangzhou, fares increased from $1240, $2080, $1350 to $2150, $3650, $2350, with cumulative increases of 73.4%, 75.5%, 74.1%, and more than 70%, respectively, and continued deepening of the market-based reforms. The continued marketization of fares is expected to lead to a significant increase in the profitability of the Division.
The upward trend in volume and ratio has been sustained, and fare prices have continued to increase. Combined with the warming of civil aviation demand, the increase in passenger turnover, and price increases driven by market regulation, the future profitability of the Division is expected to continue to increase and performance is likely to grow over time.
Significant influencing factor 1: Oil prices, one of the company’s important operating costs, and fluctuations in the prices of aviation oils, which affect the company’s aviation oil costs and hence the performance of the public sector. The industry has seen international Brent crude oil prices continue to rise since early 2020, with aviation costs under pressure;
Prices peaked in mid-2022, followed by a gradual fall in Brent crude oil prices; oil prices have risen since 2023, and have fallen in the recent past, with less volatility overall. Companies, in the case of companies, have been affected by the combined cost of their aviation oils.
The cost of empty oil has been rising at a positive rate, roughly at around 30 per cent of operating costs. In the first half of 2023, the cost of public aviation oil accounted for about 32.7 per cent of operating costs, with the largest share; with other variables remaining constant, the cost of corporate aviation oil would increase or decrease by about 967 million yuan if the average price of oil increased or decreased by 5 per cent.
Significant influence factor 2: The exchange rate. A number of company assets and liabilities are denominated mainly in United States dollars and euros, and the value is affected by exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi and foreign currencies, thereby generating a certain exchange gain or loss.
After a peak in November, the exchange rate rebounded, and since 2023 the exchange rate rebounded, with a higher increase in the first half of the year and a fall in recent times. In the company’s case, some of the company’s lease liabilities, bank loans and other loans were predominantly in United States dollars, with exchange rate fluctuations ultimately affecting the net profits of the company and shareholders’ interests.
As a result, after 2020, the country’s air navigation has remained essentially at its intermediate level, and the exchange rate impact has generally declined. Figure 51: Interest-bearing liabilities in United States dollars as a percentage of the company’s interest-bearing debt is decreasing year by year. Figure 50: The impact of the national air exchange rate factor on net profits is gradually decreasing
IV. Profit projections, valuations and investment ratings Business data projections: late 2022, optimized immunization policy, air transport and rapid recovery of demand. We expect the returns to remain constant, with international passenger kilometre returns + 1 per cent per + 1 per cent, respectively.
3) Taking into account other major and other operations, including, for example, routine expenditures related to the main air transport industry, assuming a relative income, from historical valuations, the average perpene value of China ' s State Aviation, South Air, and China ' s East Air Navigation in 2010-2019 was 15.99, 20.96, 21.98 times the average perpene value compared to the overseas Air Operations Division ' s Darmé aviation average of 12.07 times; the counterpart company ' s 2024 pe only
9.91 times more clearly understates. Considering that the company, as the leader of the airline, has accelerated its performance repair in the context of industry lifts, we consider that the average values of the 2010-2019 China State Aviation, South Air, and East China Air/ebitda indicators are 4.91, 4.04, 4.70 times, respectively, and that the corresponding company ' s 2024 target of 3.58 times is somewhat underestimated.
China’s national airline leads the domestic civil aviation and transport industry, has high-quality domestic routes and customer resources, leads the market share of the mainstream European-American routes abroad, recovers rapidly, and anticipates a sustained recovery in aviation demand, with company performance expected to rise significantly. Combined with the above-mentioned valuation considerations, for the first time, we give companies a “buy-in” rating.
First, demand for travel has not recovered as expected; macroeconomic downsides, declining incomes, and reduced willingness to travel, among other factors, have caused demand to recover as much as expected, and are expected to have a direct impact on the company’s fundamentals. Less than expected, the return of international passenger revenue from companies has been too slow, and is expected to have a significant impact on overall performance.
3. Risk of a significant increase in oil prices; the cost of shipping oil is one of the company’s major operating costs, and the company’s overall performance is affected by fluctuations in oil prices.
If the renminbi depreciates significantly, the company will incur large exchange losses, ultimately affecting the level of performance. Kwang Ming, a doctor from China Mining University, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, and a deputy director-general of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society and of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Worker
In June 2016, the U.S. Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre was set up to study the coal industry. From 2019 to date, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.