Profits and the high-value vanguard of the Red Crescent highlight the fact that operating income rose by $152,266 million, or 60.17 per cent, from the same year; the net return to the mother was $21,140 million, and the first quarter of 2022, when operating income was $39,570 million, or 13.5 per cent more;
Net return to the mother of $5.69 billion, an increase of 68.79 per cent in the same year; net profit after deduction of $7.334 billion, an increase of 97.59 per cent in the same year; cash flow to generate operating activities of $6.2 billion, an increase of 36.63 per cent in the same year; substantial growth in performance driven by an increase in the value of home-grown coal in basic shares in 2021; and price of q1 in the same year in 2022
57.7 per cent of the high-carat and low-sulphur high-quality powered coal, with the effect of a sharp rise in the price of coal in the field, which is $583.58 per ton per year, the same rate as in the previous year.
67.98. The cost of self-produced coal is 220.2 yuan/tonne, an increase of 36.3 per cent over the same year, mainly due to a significant increase in the price of raw materials fuel and power. Ton of coal is $363.4/t, an increase of $177.5/t, a rise in the value of the coal supply chain, and a decrease in the volume of coal sold in trade.
Two hundred and forty-four million tons, with the Māori rate for corporate coal operations reaching 37 per cent, an increase of 9.8 pct over the same year. Companies earned $14,45.28 billion in coal operations throughout the year, an increase of 57.03 per cent over the same year. tons of tons, a decrease of 1.8 per cent and 24.83 per cent over the same year.
The impact on overall performance is small because trade in coal is low. Achieving a coal sales price of $634 per ton in the first quarter increased by 57.7 per cent in the same year and led to a significant increase in performance, with operating income of $39.570 billion in the first quarter rising by 13.5 per cent in the same period; achieving a net return to the mother of $5.69 billion.
On the price side, we expect the coal market this year to continue to be more supply- and demand-constrained against a background of inadequate domestic supply elasticity and import constraints, with coal prices expected to operate at a high level. And corporate coal is characterized by low-sulphur ash cards, with an average heat rate of 5700-6200 calories.
High-quality coal resources will also provide strong support for prices, contributing to sustained growth in corporate performance, fluctuations in fair value changes, profits of 1,352 million in 2021, and a quarter of the year.
On April 30, 2021, the board of directors adopted "On Foreign Cooperation in Investment Operations and Authorizations.
A suitable bill to allow companies to carry out investment operations that do not involve related transactions within the limits of their own capital of up to $20 billion, within limits and in accordance with the investment decision-making process, with companies holding transactional financial assets of up to $12,288 million by the end of 2021, realized
Gains and losses on fair value changes amount to $1,352 million, increasing corporate profits. The main investment in the company’s second-tier market is in the new energy materials area, which was affected by stock price fluctuations in the first quarter of 2022, with a fair value change gain of $2184 million and a non-recurring gain on profits after deduction of income tax effects
The impact is $1.64 billion. Companies will not continue to increase their second-tier market investments in the future. With the second quarter of the year, the company is expected to make a significant one-time contribution to the company’s performance as the investment returns on Lungi’s shares are factored into fair value fluctuations.
“The annual distribution of profits in cash is not less than 40 per cent of the distributed profits realized in the same year.
The company’s cash flow is adequate, with 51.12 billion yuan in operating cash flows in 2021, which is expected to generate high and sustained dividends. Since the company’s listing, the share of dividends has gradually increased, and is expected to be maintained at least at the current rate in 2022, with investment attractive.
The situation is stable, the demand for electricity is rising in the coastal zone, the demand for coal downstream is expected to increase, and the cost of supporting coal is expected to remain high. Given the gradual release of the company’s mini-bailout as the second-class product, it is expected to reach production this year, leading to a certain increase in production, and the profitability of the coal industry is expected to continue to increase.
Risk factors: The first is a serious macroeconomic decline, the second is significant fluctuations in coal prices, the third is an expert in industry, the expert in business auditing, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society and a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), who worked in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years, and who presided over “XIII”.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy, and enterprise-related advisory issues. June 2016, Comunidade de Investigación y Desarrollo de Saúde, responsible for research in the coal sector. 2019-present, responsible for research on large energy panels. B.A. in Economics and Master's degree in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, responsible for oil prices, oil fields and oil fields.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.