China Sea Oil Clothes (601808.sh)
The company is a global, larger, integrated oilfield service provider, serving at all stages of offshore oil and natural gas exploration, development and production. Its operations fall into four broad categories: drilling services, oil field technical services, ship services, and surveying services.
After the baptism at the bottom of the cycle, the assets are now of high quality and are expected to benefit from industry. Companies have insisted in recent years on a shift from asset-based to asset-based technology, accelerating technological innovation through the upgrading of professional technical services and safeguarding capabilities, and rapidly growing oil field technical services.
The price of oil and gas is expected to remain in the middle of the market (for the first time), and the development of marine oil and gas is a priority, and the company is expected to benefit fully from the production of China’s sea oil reserves. The fiscal balance of the main member countries is higher.
Crude oil growth is expected to be more moderate. American shale oil manufacturers or passive recipients of oil prices do not have the conditions for a significant increase in production. Crude oil demand continues to grow mildly, and our crude oil and gas imports are more dependent. The domestic industry is actively pushing for higher oil and gas reserves.
Limited reserves of gas resources and higher costs of extraction, increasing land-based oil and gas production, and the gradual transfer of energy exploration and production from land to sea. We expect China’s sea oil capital to grow by around 135 billion yuan in 2025, with modest growth expected to continue in the future.
The decommissioning of well platforms has been rapidly reduced, fewer new orders have been placed, and drilling platforms are entering the upper cycle. Currently, the platform is at a higher level, considering the longer service of some of the rigs, and the daily cost of drilling platforms continues to increase with the withdrawal of old facilities.
The oil field technical services plate is a light asset operation with a low periodicity, with a steady upward trend in the level of technology and collection. The company can provide the full range of oil field technical services, including surveying wells, drilling fluids, determinations, etc.
The company continues to promote the transfer of heavy assets to light assets and strengthen technological breakthroughs in key areas, resulting in the serialization and scale-up of technology and equipment, such as , , , .
The result is an increase in domestic market ownership, which is expected to be extended overseas, with the expectation of a continuous upturn in revenue collection. Frequent risks; geopolitical risks; policy risks; and so forth.
The company operates through marine oil and gas exploration, development and production. China Sea Oil Fields Services Ltd. (China Marine Oil and Gas Services Inc. or cosl) is a global, larger, integrated supplier of oil and gas services. The service runs through all stages of marine oil and gas exploration, development and production.
The company has more than 60 years of experience in offshore oil field services. In drilling and services, the company accounts for the vast majority of China’s offshore drilling market, which is absolutely dominant; in oil field technical services, the company has more than 50 years of marine oil field technology and more than 40 years of operation.
The experience of technical services in terrestrial oil fields enables the provision of complete technical and professional services in oil fields, including surveying wells, drilling fluids, direction wells, well-fixing and production, while at the same time accounting for most of the market for technical services in Chinese offshore oil fields; in the case of ship services, the company owns and operates the largest and most functional offshore transport in China.
The flotilla provides services for the exploration, exploitation, production and transport of offshore oil and gas fields; in the area of object survey services, companies can provide seismic exploration services and engineering survey services, which account for the majority of the Chinese offshore property survey service sites and participate in international survey services.
The company's predecessor, the crude oil clothing company, was founded in 2001, and in September 2002 the company was transformed into a limited-stock company and publicly released its h shares and placed on the Hong Kong Union Board; on 26 March 2004, the company's shares were traded on the United States counter market in the form of a first-tier United States deposit voucher.
Listed on the listed stock exchange; on 29 September 2008, China Sea oil uniforms were invested in approximately HK$195, and successfully purchased awilcoofishoresasa, a Norwegian drilling platform operation, through which the M&A acquired deep drilling drilling and effectively expanded the company ' s overseas operations.
The corporate equity structure is clear and stable, the holding shares are concentrated in China Ocean Oil Group Ltd. and China Ocean Oil Group Ltd. is actually in control. As of the second quarter of 2025, the share held by China Ocean Oil Group Ltd. was 50.86%.
The main shareholders include Hong Kong Central Settlement (Agent) Ltd. (37.58% shareholding), China Securities and Finance Ltd. (2.89%) etc.
A number of operational units, such as technology, environmental science and technology, and international cooperation, are well organized and have a clear overall control structure, resulting in an integrated service system covering the entire chain of upstream hydrocarbon services. Overall, the structure reflects the typical capital and control features of state-owned energy enterprises, with greater stability and strategic synergies.
Drilling services: As of June 2025, the company operated and managed 60 drilling platforms (including 46 self-drilling platforms, 14
Oilfield technical services: the company is the main supplier of technical services for offshore oil fields in China, and also provides technical services for terrestrial oil fields. Clients are provided with continuous input from scientific and technological research and development, advanced technological equipment, and excellent management teams.
Provision of complete oil field technical services, including but not limited to specialized services such as surveying wells, drilling fluids, direction wells, drilling wells, completion of wells, repair of wells and increased production of oil fields.
Operation at the end of 2024 of more than 200 vessels, including three workboats, platform supply vessels and oilfield protection vessels, capable of providing comprehensive operational support and services for offshore oil and gas exploration, development, engineering and oil/gas field production, including various deep anchoring operations, drilling/engineering platforms (ships), sea transportation,
Oil/gas fields, fire protection, rescue, offshore oil treatment, etc., can meet the multi-dimensional needs of customers. Material exploration and engineering survey services: the company is the main supplier of offshore material collection and engineering survey services in China, a strong competitor in global geophysical exploration and an efficient provider of high-quality services.
At the bottom, the company owns five tugboats, five submarine seismological probes and four integrated marine engineering survey vessels. Services include, but are not limited to, wide-field, broadband and high-density seismic collection services, multi-scale seismic collection services for submarine cables and seafloor nodes, and integrated marine engineering surveys.
Figure 3: Corporate revenue structure (billions of yuan) Corporate operating income is more relevant to international oil prices. Depending on macroeconomic and oil and gas prices. Oil and gas exploration and production industries are more cyclical. International crude oil prices remained constant in 2006-2014.
High-level operations, China’s sea oil capital expenditure has continued to increase, leading to a sustained rise in corporate revenue; in 2015-2016, international oil prices fell, China’s sea oil capital expenditure declined rapidly, and corporate revenue fell sharply; in 2017-2022, oil prices as a whole, except in 2020, which was affected by the epidemic, showed a strong upward trend.
Oil launched a seven-year action plan to strengthen domestic oil and gas development, with plans to double China's sea oil exploration and discovery reserves by 2025, bringing domestic crude oil production to 53 million tons, natural gas production to 26.5 billion cubic metres, and rapid increases in China's oil capital expenditure, leading to a rapid increase in corporate revenues; and international oil prices from 2023 to date
The downfall of the shock, but the domestic push to boost oil and gas reserves, the steady production of crude oil below the background of 200 million tons, the maintenance of high spending on oil capital in China and China, and the rising skill levels of the superb companies have provided a strong guarantee for the growth of corporate revenue. Oil prices have remained high, the garment industry has remained high, drilling platforms have remained high, and drilling platforms have been used.
The daily fee is rising. The company drilling service has remained at around 40%. In 2007-2014, the company drilling industry was at a low point, the oil company ' s capital expenditure fell sharply, the use of drilling platforms declined rapidly, the platform lost billions of yuan in assets and suffered significant losses. From 2018 to date, the garment industry has been warming up, but as a result of this,
Drilling platforms are overstretched, and the rate of Māori in drilling operations is low. In 2020, the company raised $1,470 million, a shift to the “light assets” model, and the increase in Māori in the oilfield technical services plate was significant and volatile, leading to a rise in the net profit of the company's return to the mother.
The company is an asset-intensive enterprise, which is subject to a cycle of baptism and significantly improved asset quality. The company’s operations depend on a large amount of high-value equipment. For example, following the company’s fund-raising in 2007, investment projects include: a 400-foot drilling vessel construction project, with $1,242 million in investment; a 2-plus-2 300-foot self-propelled drilling vessel project, with $5.331 billion in investment;
The firm’s fixed assets ratio has shown a downward trend in recent years, with the firm’s fixed assets ratio falling to 51.30% in June 2025. Currently, the firm’s goodwill accounts have been completed, and a large number of fixed assets have been tested at the bottom of the cycle, with higher asset quality.
Trends: Cash flows from operating activities were strong, except for seasonal operating capital occupancy in the first half of 2025, which was temporarily negative, highlighting the quality of its profit model and the level of cash return; cash flows from investing activities were positive for the first time in the first half of 2025. Companies relied mainly on endogenous funds to support development, with low reliance on external financing.
The company’s overseas operations are mainly drilling wells, with a rapid increase in 2008 after the acquisition of avicoofhoresasa, a Norwegian drilling platform, and a sharp drop in revenue after the downside of oil prices in 2015, followed by a gradual recovery. In particular, after 2021, the drilling industry recovered significantly, with daily fees.
More recently, the company’s technological capacity in the oil fields has improved further. Looking ahead, the company’s overseas section is based on two-wheel drive of assets and technology, and is expected to continue to receive orders.
Brent oil price hub forecast at $60-65/bpb supply end: 0pec+ announces a continuation of the increase from October. 38th 0pec+ ministerial meeting in December 2024, which decided to reduce production collectively by 2 million barrels per day, 166
At the end of March, however, zeropec+ produced 411,000 barrels in May, June, July, 548,000 barrels in August and September, respectively, resulting in a total voluntary reduction of 2.2 million barrels per day. At the ministerial meeting on Opec+ on 7 September, 137,000 barrels per day were added from October, with the aim of gradually lifting the 1.6 million barrels per day reached in April 2023.
Voluntary reduction agreement, 5 October, announcement of a further 137,000 barrels per day in November. Since 2022, zeroec+ has combined to announce three reductions, including one joint reduction and two voluntary reductions: (1) 33rd OPc+ Ministerial Conference, October 2022, with an announcement of a joint reduction from November 2022
2 million barrels per day. (2) 48th jmmc Conference, April 2023, pepc+ announced a voluntary reduction of 1.66 million barrels per day from May 2023. (3) 36th popc+ Ministerial Conference, November 2023, popec+ announced that at the end of March, this portion of 2.2 million bpd would be followed by an increase of 300,000 bpd per day in production in the United Arab Emirates
The 2.2 million barrels per day of voluntary reduction agreed in November 2023 has been completely withdrawn: however, on 3 April, zeropec+ unexpectedly announced the implementation of an over-expected oil production increase, which was expanded in May to approximately three times the planned 411,000 barrels, and the voluntary reduction has been fully phased out significantly ahead of schedule.
1.66 million barrels per day of voluntary reduction reached in April 2023 are in the process of withdrawal: on 7 September, the 0pec+ ministerial meeting decided to produce an additional 137,000 barrels per day from October, with a view to phasing out the 1.6.6 million barrels per day reduction agreement reached in April 2023, with some member States updating their compensation reduction plans, reducing the size of the reduction in 2025 but intensifying the reduction in 2026
On October 5, the OEC+ announcement announced a further increase of 137,000 barrels per day in November. The OEC+ major member states have a high fiscal balance price and a strong desire to set oil prices. According to April 2025 Imf, most of the Middle East region ' s major OEC+ member countries ' fiscal balance prices were higher than $70 in 2025 and 2026.
Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Kazakhstan, Algeria together accounted for about 25 per cent of global oil fluid production, and in April 2025, Imf projected its fiscally balanced oil prices to be 92.3 per cent in 2025, respectively.
According to the latest monthly report released by iea, in August 2025, production of 0pec+ was 4.32 million barrels per day, with a reduction of 4.05 million barrels per day, with Saudi and Russian production of 96.8 million barrels per day, respectively.
The volume results show that the operating costs of the existing wells in the shale oil basin in the United States are at $26-45 per barrel, with an average price of $41 per barrel, an increase of $2 per barrel from $39 per barrel in the first quarter of 2024.
The cost of new well-drilling in the shale oil basin in the United States is between $61 and $70 per barrel per barrel, and, statistically, the cost of profit-balancing oil in the firm ' s United States dollar/barrel, such as in the dotage basin, is $65 per barrel, which is at the same level as in the first quarter of 2024.
Large companies accounted for US$ 61/bbl, an increase of US$ 3/bpb over the first quarter of 2024, while small companies accounted for US$ 66/bpb, a decrease of US$ 1/bpb from the first quarter of 2024.The rise in drilling costs for shale oil companies in the United States was mainly due to political regulations under the Inflation Reduction Act.
US$/tonne. During Trump’s term, crude oil extraction costs may be reduced in many ways, but we believe that US shale oil manufacturers’ decision-making or passive acceptance of oil prices, rather than active intervention in oil prices, are less willing to spend capital under low oil prices and do not have the conditions for a significant increase in production.
Demand side: The main international energy agencies expect a sustained increase in crude oil demand, according to the latest September reports of Oec, iea, eia, 105.14, 103.76 respectively, annual demand growth is expected to remain constant in 2025, with a small increase in demand of 60,000 barrels per day in 2025 and 90,000 barrels per day between iea and eia, respectively
The annual increase of 138, 70, 1.18 million barrels per day, the projected increase in demand for Oec in 2026, the recent dramatic changes in the global external environment of iea and eia, taking into account the high cost of fiscal balance of OEC+ and the US Year Wti oil price hub at $55-60 per barrel.
The potential for marine oil and gas development is enormous, the potential for marine oil and gas exploration is low, the potential for exploitation is very high, the technology for oil and gas exploration on land is now mature, the level of oil and gas exploration is high, the scale of new discoveries is decreasing and the scale of oil and gas is decreasing.
Ocean oil and gas resources have a lower detection rate and a higher potential for exploration. By 2017, the terrestrial oil and gas reserves had a higher detection rate of 36.72 per cent and 47.01 per cent, respectively, well above the marine oil and gas reserves detection rate of 23.70 per cent and 30.55 per cent. Ocean oil and gas detection rates had decreased dramatically as the depth of the water deepened, with shallow water (<400 metres) and deep water.
(400-2000 metres), ultra-deep water (>2000 metres) detection rates were 28.05 per cent, 13.84 per cent and 7.69 per cent, respectively; for marine natural gas, shallow water (2000 m) detection rates were 38.55 per cent, 27.85 per cent and 7.55 per cent, respectively. The detection rates decreased rapidly with depth.
Marine oil and gas exploration is in its early stages, and marine hydrocarbons have become the most realistic new area for oil and gas development. Ocean oil and gas development devices and technologies have evolved to drive oil and gas extraction from shallow to deep water. Ocean oil and gas extraction history can be divided roughly into three phases. (1) Ocean oil and gas development in shallow waters from 1917 to 1976, with the earliest marine oil and gas development phase.
With the development of the steel industry, subsurface platforms and shallow sea areas have emerged; (b) the period 1977-2009 has been a phase of deep water development in which the rotation has led to the development of boreholes, floating production of oil-dischargers, symmetry towers, fourth generation semi-submarine drilling platforms and stretch leg platforms.
The rapid development of deep-water oil and gas exploration has laid the technical and equipment foundation; (3) The development of equipment such as deep-water production platforms, fifth-generation semi-submersible drilling platforms, ocean drilling vessels, intelligent deep-water drilling platforms, etc. for the ultra-deep-water development phase since 2010, has greatly contributed to the development of the area of super-deep water.
The economy of marine oil and gas is relatively high and remains a priority for future oil and gas development The cost of technological developments is declining, and economic upgrading is the underlying logic of the rapid development of marine oil and gas. In the case of drilling wells, the time spent by the Brazilian National Oil Company on drilling wells fell from 240 days in 2010 to 2017.
Deepwater oil and gas fields have also seen a gradual reduction in the length of their development into production, with global deep-water oil and gas fields starting to produce approximately seven years after exploration discovery in 1991-2000, and global deep-water oil and gas fields having reduced their average production cycle to 3.6 years since 2011, and ultra-deep-water oil and gas fields to 2.9 years as a result.
Cost reduction and management optimization, with the global deep-water hydrocarbon project balancing oil prices down from $78 per barrel in 2014 to $49 per barrel in 2021, a 37 per cent decrease. Most deep-water projects balancing oil prices below $55 per barrel, some of the projects represented by Brazil balancing oil prices below $40 per barrel, and deep-water projects competing in the global oil and gas sector
Continued rapid increases in marine oil and gas exploration expenditures will lead to a rapid increase in marine oil and gas reserves and production. According to wise energy statistics, oil and gas exploration expenditures were invested in 2020 as a result of the epidemic.
With the recovery of the epidemic, investment in the marine oil and gas greenfield project has increased rapidly, reaching $100 billion in 2022, and is expected to remain at a high level of over $100 billion for the next two years, reflecting the high climate of ocean oil and gas. With regard to marine oil and gas reserves, between 2000 and 2010 an average of 35 billion barrels of oil were found annually.
The global trend in oil and gas exploration is that there are fewer and fewer, but 6 million barrels per day per year of deep water rises to 10 million barrels per day in 2040, and the annual production of deep water gas is expected to increase from 2015 to 2015.
Each year, 83 billion cubic metres were rapidly increased to 461 billion cubic metres in 2040. All these statistics point to the ocean, the deep sea, as one of the main directions for the future oil industry. 3 million barrels per day of million barrels per natural capacity are from deep-sea oil fields and 5 million barrels per day are from the continental shelf (near).
Oil field development. According to undeveloped marine oil field balance oil price statistics, if future international oil prices are maintained at $60/bp, about 85% of undeveloped offshore oil fields will be profitable. China and China will continue to produce more oil and capital expenditures will remain high.
Our crude oil imports are highly dependent, and our policies actively promote domestic oil and gas development. We are a major energy-consumption country, with high levels of dependence on crude oil and natural gas imports. China’s oil and gas consumption demand is much higher than production, owing to its own oil and gas resource endowment.
At a faster pace, the demand gap is gradually increasing, and demand is expected to continue to grow rapidly for some time to come. In 2024, China’s oil surface consumption stood at 553 million tons. On the supply side, the oil industry has been increasing its high-quality exploration and efficiency development, actively releasing high-quality production capacity, and oil production has remained stable overall as China’s industry has rapidly expanded.
In 2024, China produced 213 million tons of oil. In 2024, China ' s oil external dependence was 71.9 per cent. Natural gas was used as a clean energy source to support green, low-carbon development. Alternative energy sources for energy restructuring and improving the quality of life of the population are in gold development.
In order to ensure the country's energy security and promote its energy reserves, the State has actively encouraged domestic oil companies to increase their exploration and exploitation efforts. In May 2019, the State Energy Agency hosted a conference entitled “Strengthful Efforts”
(b) China's new Energy Development for the New Era proposes “to enhance hydrocarbon exploration and development, promote increased production and increase hydrocarbon self-sufficiency”; and the National Energy Authority's Energy Work Guidance 2021 proposes “to promote oil and gas”.
The consolidation of the policy will contribute significantly to the steady and sustained development of China's hydrocarbon sector. China-China oil is a related company, which insists on increasing production and maintaining high capital expenditures.
China Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. is China ' s largest producer of marine crude oil and gas and one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production enterprises in the world, mainly for exploration, exploitation, production and marketing of crude oil and natural gas.
Oil and gas exploration, development and production activities in the core areas. By the end of 2024, the combined net oil reserves in China and China stood at 4,583 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which 22.43, 9.08, 10.55, 1.94, 184 million barrels of oil equivalent were confirmed on land.
In 2024, the China Sea, the South China Sea, the East China Sea and the East China Sea combined net production on land amounted to 65.28, 21.73, 37.87, 4.36, 5.27 million barrels of oil equivalent/day. According to data from the Fourth National Hydrocarbon Survey, the remaining marine oil technology is available for 34 per cent of China ' s remaining oil surplus; and marine natural gas surplus.
While China has become an important oil and gas production base, China’s overall marine oil and gas presence is relatively low, with an average of 23 per cent for oil resources and 7 per cent for natural gas resources.
China’s growth in marine oil reserves is at a peak stage, marine gas reserves are still growing at an early stage, and the potential for future growth in marine oil and gas reserves remains high. China’s oil and gas reserves, guided by a strategy to increase production in domestic oil and gas reserves, have received 600 million tons of grade oil for six years.
The company has responded positively to the Party’s central call since the Secretary-General of the 2018 Institute issued an important directive to increase the country’s oil and gas exploration and exploitation capacity to guarantee our energy security.
Oil research has produced a seven-year plan of action for domestic oil and gas storage: by 2025, China Sea oil exploration workers will double their production and identify reserves. China Sea oil pursues a regional development strategy of “deepening the sea, developing the South Sea, advancing the East China Sea, expanding the non-conventional, exploring the South Central” and highlights “deeping in production, advancing new projects, breakthroughs.”
The development and deployment approach of low marginality, chemical drive, acceleration of deep-water areas, development of coal-bed gas, storming of dense gas, break-through of shale gas” has increased the impetus of previous research projects to strengthen the development of an integrated system of exploration and development, resulting in a better integrated management system for exploration and development, working models and working institutions.
With theoretical guidance and technical support, 19-6 tons of large condensed gas fields, 600-1 million tons of oil and gas fields, 13-2 tons of oil and gas fields, 10-2 billion tons of oil and gas fields, 26-6 tons of oil and gas fields, especially in 2024, two successively announced exploration for the flat south oil fields, and 27-3 tons of Qin Island oil fields.
In recent years, China’s investment in marine oil and gas exploration and development capital has been increasing year by year, and investment has gradually moved towards better-performing oil and gas projects. In 2024, China’s oil and gas capital expenditure was $132.7 billion, compared to 2023 million.
In the context of China’s economic development, market demand, and the maintenance of high-medium oil prices, China’s sea-sea oil and gas exploration efforts are expected to remain high, and China’s sea oil production is growing at a moderate pace. China’s sea oil is the company’s most important customer.
China’s sea oil revenues have been declining in recent years, but China’s sea oil revenues in 2024 still accounted for 77.4 per cent of the company’s total revenue. The company receives about 28 per cent of China’s sea oil capital per year. In 2024, China’s sea oil revenues amounted to $37.389 billion.
This expenditure is still expected to remain high and constitute the basis for the company's revenue collection. As the company continues to open up its external customers, figure 25: China's sea oil capital expenditure (billion yuan) and figure 26: China's sales of sea oil (billion yuan) and its share of revenue
Oilfield development is an asset-intensive, high-tech system project. Field development has the largest capital expenditure in the development phase. Ocean energy development processes include three main components: exploration, development and production.
At all stages, hydrocarbon companies hire various service providers to provide specialized services and assist oil and gas companies in finalizing the exploitation and sale of energy. In view of the global industrial situation, marine hydrocarbon companies’ capital and operating expenditures determine the demand for marine hydrocarbon services.
The exploration phase is the initial stage of offshore oil exploitation, and the main mission and purpose of oil and gas exploration is to carry out operations such as earthquakes in the target area and to find industrial oil and gas reserves.
The company provides such services as surveying, surveying, drilling, drilling, directional wells, drilling wells, surveying wells, completion of wells and various work vessels during the exploration process.
The main elements of the development process include surveying, drilling, drilling, drilling, directional wells, well-fixing, drilling, recording wells, completion of wells, sand protection, construction of marine works, and various types of operations.
Workboat services, etc. The development process accounts for about 40-60 per cent of the total cost, and the company provides such services as surveying, surveying, drilling, drilling fluids, directional wells, drilling wells, survey wells, completion of wells and various work vessels during the exploration process.
The production phase is the longest lasting link in oil and gas development production, mainly by storing or selling oil and gas from the ground floor after a series of treatments of qualified commodities.
The cost of the production phase is 20-50% of the total cost.
During the exploration process, the company provides services such as surveying, surveying, drilling, drilling, drilling, directional wells, well-fixing, surveying, completion of wells and various work vessels.
Figure 28: Cumulative costs of marine oil and gas development. The garment industry is more affected by international oil prices, with the big players having a strong advantage.
Material such as liquids, tubes, cement, and related specialized technical services such as pre-drilling, transport, well-fixing, surveying, testing, etc. The drilling contractor provides drilling rigs, slurry pumps, ancillary equipment and professionals, and the owner pays the cost of the works to the drilling contractor in accordance with the daily rates and operations stipulated in the contract between the parties, the number of days spent on hold and the number of days left unattended.
Because in the daily fee model, the contractor operates in full compliance with the on-site supervision instructions, the owner bears the full amount of the ground and most of the engineering risks, and the drilling contractor bears only the loss of the rig that was made as a result of the malfunction of the equipment and that the rig could not operate properly.
The master package is for the contractor with drilling wells and related qualifications to provide equipment, tools and materials such as drilling rigs, complete engineering services such as drilling rigs, drilling fluids, drilling wells, drilling wells, drilling wells, drilling wells, tubes, ownership of blocks, storage and production, all of which are assumed by the contractor.