The Sini Mountain Billows (002311.sz) forage processing
The feed business as a whole continues to grow well. \triangleright, under extreme weather pressure, the feed business as a whole continues to grow well.
The gas seriously affected the regular feeding of aquatic animals, leading to a significant reduction in the passive feeding of aquaculture feed during the period, to a halt in feeding, which has had some impact on the sales of company water feed. Moreover, it is upstream as a result of the postponement of Peru’s new season-fishing policy, the suspension of season-fishing, and the continued decline of fishmeal stocks, among other things.
Market data: 20 October 2023. Fishmeal prices for raw materials have risen significantly since the beginning of the year, bringing a phase-by-stage pressure to the feeder production rate. On the other hand, company pig feed sales in July and August have been growing at a similar rate.
Highest/minimum in the year: 28-30%; short-term flooding in some parts of September, which has had an impact on pig-bearing stockings and on the pestilence pandemic, which has led to a similar decline in the sale of pig feed in September. Overall, in the extreme.
Market value of circulationa shares (billions): Under weather pressure, the feed business as a whole has been growing well. 2.2 million pigs were born in the company in the first half of 2023, and we estimate the number of pigs in the company q3
In the third quarter, as the prices of pigs rebounded, the average level of single-headed profits in the domestic self-sufficiency and export-buying industries rose from -300 and -342 per head back to -108 per head and -185 per head of q3 in the first half of the year, respectively.
We're looking at the value of the current configuration of the ocean conglomerate.
In parallel with the downward cycle trend of anti-thin, we believe that the feed industry was better off in 2023 than in 2022: industry integration continued to advance, and market shares were expected to be concentrated further to the head; the company ' s 2023 Stakeholder Scheme helped to increase the motivation for staff expansion; the company ' s current stock prices were matched.
The 2023 valuation is at the bottom of history.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or beliefs in the course of my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.