Sea Grand Group (002311.sz) 2023 Quarterly Review: 2023q3 battalion harvests have grown steadily, pig farming has improved, agro-forestry and animal feed has improved.
Better, but the demand for fodder, such as aquatic and pig feed, slowed as a result of severe weather events such as typhoons and floods in September. We expect that 2023q3 will sell nearly 6.6 million tons of feed as a whole, for about $50, and that the net gain in pig production will be about $100 million, taking into account the fallback.
Aquaculture is also expected to lose close to $70 million, mainly due to the impact of raw fish farming. In addition, mobile and seedling operations are expected to make a total profit of about $70 million.
The ratio of volume targets is only about 1.75%, and is mainly for the low Maori rate of general water, and we believe that the adjustment has had a limited impact on the corporate performance as a whole, with the final target for the external sale of company feed in 2023 not being a leading advantage. The weather impact is an uncontrollable factor, and the company adjusts its performance in a timely manner to the actual situation.
The goal is also to maximize the impact of the employee holding scheme’s incentives and to see the company grow in the long term. The overall cost is stable during 2023q1-q3 and management operations will continue to be optimized. 2023q1-q3 is sold.
The growth of the same income ratio, the steady growth of the feed, livestock, maintenance, seedlings, and the growth in the number of people, the increase in the level of remuneration and the increase in the cost of extension. But the company values the efficiency of the organization’s management, making full use of the middle management advantage through the construction of “procurement + R & D + marketing”
Annual and 20231 battalion net gains have been equalized, feed, livestock, insurance, sale and production are being managed in a four-pronged manner, ensuring rapid intra-firm linkages and increasing market impact.
It is expected that the level of management will continue to rise in the future, by promoting a three-tier system of research and development that ensures forward-looking, sustainable export and rapid transfer of technology results that maximizes management and efficiency gains in research and development.
In the feed business, the company increased its feed sales better in July-August, but the demand for fodder, such as water and pig feed, slowed as a result of severe weather events such as typhoons and floods in September. We expect the company as a whole to sell the feed around $50, with a net gain of about $100 million expected in the pig production business, taking into account the fallback.
In addition, mobile and seedling operations are expected to make a total profit of about $70 million. The impact of the adjustment of performance targets is small, and the company’s long-term growth is expected.
Using the 2023 performance indicator at the company level in the employee holding plan for 2023, and the 2023 low external water feed, we believe that the adjustment has had a limited impact on the company’s overall performance, and ultimately the company’s feed will still have a leading advantage in 2023. The weather impact is an uncontrollable factor, and the company adjusts its performance targets in a timely manner, depending on the situation.
It is also conducive to maximizing the incentives of the employee holding scheme and to the long-term development of the company. The overall cost is stable for the period 2023q1-q3 and management operations will continue to be optimized. 2023q1-q3 sales/ management plus, higher remuneration levels and increased operating extension costs are the result of the company’s emphasis on organizational efficiency.
By building a four-tier management model of `procurement + R & D + marketing + production', ensure rapid intra-firm connectivity, increase market impact, and introduce a three-tier R & D system that ensures that technology results are forward-looking, sustainable export and rapid transformation that maximizes management and R & D efficiency gains.
There is a steady rise in feed-market rates, and diversified operations such as farming, seedlings, and motor security are well developed. By sub-business, the public sector has performed a remarkable role in feed operations, with a steady expansion in feed sales, with a volume of 2023h1 feed sales of about 10.87 million tons (inclusive).
Agriculture self-use of 830,000 tons), with an increase of about 12 per cent in the same year, accounted for 7.28 per cent of total national industrial feed production in 2022, a further significant increase from 7.16 per cent in 2022. Of this, investments in aquatic feed/fowl feed/manufacturing capacity are expected to achieve the strategic target of 40 million tons of annual feed sales in the future.
In addition, the company continues to expand downstream farming on a professional basis. In the pig farming business, 2023h1 companies have a total of about 2.2 million pigs, and the company is continuously focusing on capacity-building of pig farming teams and self-bearing breeders. Team management and professional skills are further enhanced, survival rates and farm productivity are among the indicators.
At the forefront of the industry, the advantages of future feed-end research and development and scale are further evident. In aquaculture, the main current stock of the Department is special water products, such as raw fish and prawns, which generate about $675 million in operating income from 2023h1.
Designing, recycling water systems, biological bait technologies, and rigorous bio-controls are working well with the advantages of safety, control, quality stability, and so on, compared to traditional farming models. The company will continue to focus on water product varieties with overall advantages, risk management, and good-quality feed-seed-modeming, precision management, specialization.
Industrialization operations, with appropriate scale-up of farming based on the creation of professional team capabilities. Businesses such as dynamic insurance, seedlings, and other farming chains are developed in a comprehensive manner. 2023h1 companies achieve a similar level of income of 608 million yuan; among them, aquatic protection is based on the company’s inherent technology, products, products, and products in the aquaculture chain.
These combined advantages, such as R & D, are complemented by improved service delivery systems and mature farming programmes, with strong market competitiveness and excellent market reputations, and livestock-movementing products, through the livestock-movement service station, have continued to increase customer stickyness and develop better, and the number of animal-movement service stations is already on the ground.
With some experience gained, the company plans to optimize and explore the upgrading of the operating services system of livestock and animal protection services, increasing its competitive advantage. 2023h1 seedlings generated $731 million, of which shrimp seedlings performed well, with an increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis.
It's 25% long, and the Māori rate is about 3% higher. The company's core technological advantages in the field of aquatic seedlings are evident.
The development team, with the world’s leading research and development technologies for shrimp seedlings and freshwater seedlings, has taken the lead in building a system of commercial seedings that breeds growth and growth, with shrimp seedlings and fish seedlings being the world’s leading annual sales and market effects. The corporate aquaculture seedling business is expected to continue to develop in tandem with other operations, such as feed, kinetics, and others.
Investment proposals: The company's management has a strong reputation for focusing on the 10 trillion-dollar market in the agro-industry, from the fields to the dining table, and is expected to become the standard for the agro-pastoral sector. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are from the compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author