The company is a collector of research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed.
Animal feed and aquatic feed mixes and healthy farming The main feeder camp is robust, with a slight year-round adjustment of incentives. The company has been operating in the first three quarters of the year.
The increase in revenue of 10.10%, the Māori sales rate of 8.71% (-0.32 percentage points), is generated by the production of aquatic feed, seedlings and moving products. The company has already achieved production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
Net cash flow is estimated at $9.299 billion (Yoy49.06 per cent). The company's feed main base is expected to maintain a steady increase in revenue, a generally flat level of operations, a proactive downsizing of trading plates, and prices for pig and fish farming remain relatively low. The feed industry has faced extreme weather events such as typhoons, heavy rainfall, etc. since the last three quarters.
The challenge, particularly the impact of raw pigs and aquatic feed, was the company’s decline in sales of water in September, and the increase in sales of raw pig feed slowed. Given the extremes of the month of September, in order to maintain employee motivation, the company adjusted the annual out-of-sale increase target from 3 million tons to 2.6 million tons, ensuring that the employee has a share incentive.
In the case of pig farming, the prices of pigs recovered in August.
The stacking of the deflators is ready to run back, with a certain profit in the third quarter alone. The cost of corporate farming also falls somewhat in comparison with the first half of the year, and there is a further downward trend in the future. The cost of raw fish rises in the third quarter, the price of fish rises, and livestock farming is expected to take place next year after the recent degeneration of its capacity.
We believe that the q3 phase disturbance does not alter the long-term trend towards good corporate development, especially in the context of high prices of raw materials and limited profits from farming, the core cost advantages of a company’s multidimensional construction will continue to protect the company’s main feed business.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We believe that the company’s main feed business has grown steadily during the reporting period.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Sea Group (002311). The feeder industry is robust, and farming is expected to improve gradually.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Sea Group (002311), the feeder industry is well established, and the breeding industry is expected to improve gradually.
Xingxim, breeding, feed, pet food, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.