The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Slanwa (6046.sh) buy-in (first rating) Power idm tap into accelerated development
Three core competitive advantages and trends in the power semiconductor industry The production, process and value-added advantages of the Idm model: the company is the power leader of the domestic Idm model, with the power of extra-extended manufacturing, crystal-crystal manufacturing and sealing production lines.
Clients customize development, shortening the development cycle, and enjoying the added value of crystal-crystal intergenerational work and sealing. The advantage of a significant expansion of high-end production capacity in the weather cycle: we expect this 8-inch crystal round to have high production capacity strains that are expected to continue into mid-2022, and the deficit and price increases in power semiconductors are expected to continue.
Lines will reduce the unit cost of the product by 20-30% and increase the consistency of the device and reduce energy consumption.
Increase of 200 per cent; revenue from the operation of the igbt device and pim module exceeded $260 million by more than 60 per cent in the same year; the main electric motor-driven module based on the five generation gbt and frd chips has been tested and started to deliver small quantities in some households, with the company expected to overtake the gbt and pim modules in 2021
Over 50% growth; corporate mems sensor revenue exceeded 120 million yuan in 2020, an increase of more than 90% in the same year, and products entered domestic customer supply chains in the area of mobile brands and smart apparel, such as millet. US$ 15 billion, of which China is expected to reach US$ 59 billion, with new-energy vehicles and new-energy power generation increasing demand.
This is an important driving force. At present, domestic mid-to-high-end markets are monopolized by Euro-American-Japanese firms, while demand for supply chain security, reduction of the process gap, and major end-markets in China, among other things, accelerate national production substitution.
The risk of marketers hoarding stocks due to the rapid increase in product prices: the risk of technological upgrading: some chips.
The production, process and value added advantages of the 1.idm model The Idm model has a unique advantage in the production of semiconductors, mems and other special processes.
In the semiconductor industry, there are two main chip production models: the self-design and manufacture of the Idm model (integrator manufacturing), and the Fabless (no plant) chip design re-engineering of the Foundry proxy model (Crystal Circle). The digital chip pursues an advanced process, and the “tables+foundry” model significantly reduces the design industry.
The access threshold, which, through the concentration of resources, allows Foundry to cover the huge capital expenditure needs of advanced processes, has evolved rapidly over the past three decades. But for such features as power semiconductors, mems, etc. The Idm model is more advantageous than the Fables model for the production of process semiconductors, mainly because:
The Idm model guarantees stable production capacity: for downstream customers of power devices, especially in the industrial, car and other fields, the power devices have a significant impact on product performance and stability, and for lower visitors, the household-to-power equipment suppliers have a longer certification cycle and do not easily switch suppliers, so stability.
The supply, especially in times of industrial stress, ensures that production is an important consideration in the choice of suppliers by the customer, while the home-grown capacity of the Idm model can be achieved better. The power semiconductor is highly customized, and the Idm model optimizes the design and manufacturing chain, shortening output.
Item development time: Unlike the standard mass of digital chips, there is a high demand for customization of power semiconductors. As shown in the figure below, even if the same type of power device has different power, frequency and size requirements in different application scenarios, different customized products need to be developed for different customers.
Among the Idm manufacturers, the development and design of the production process is synchronized and can be coordinated by the design and manufacturing sectors, the rapid resolution of problems encountered in the design development and a significant reduction in the length of the development time. The manufacturing chain plays a decisive role in the production of power semiconductors and is at the heart of the added value of the product:
Because the power semiconductor circuits are relatively simple, the crystal circle manufacturing and sealing links have a relatively large effect on the final performance of the product, and the technology content is relatively high, so the manufacturing links, including the forward crystal round manufacturing and the back lane sealing links, have a higher added value in the power semiconductor.
High-value-added chip design, ip, command set, control chip architecture, design software tools, etc., have a relatively low value-added ratio in power semiconductors. So power semiconductor design has a lower Māori ratio than digital chip design.
Figure 2: Comparison of the distribution of power semiconductors and standard cmos value chains with the result of the above-mentioned advantages for the power semiconductor enterprises of the Idm model as compared to the Fabless model, which is currently the leading global power semiconductor company.
Slander is the leading manufacturing Idm company in the country. The home-grown line consists of 5/6/8/12 inches of crystal production line, extra-extendive manufacturing line, powerware envelope line, crystal circle test and finished product test line, led chip production line, and led display of screen-enclosed production line.
The Division has ensured a stable supply of products and significantly reduced customized development time for clients, as well as added value from design to manufacturing.
2. The advantages of a significant expansion of high-end production capacity in the weather cycle are driven by multiple factors and the supply of power products continues to be strained. Demand-side benefits from the dramatic growth of the epidemic’s laptops/electrics, the recovery of automobiles and industrial manufacturing, and a significant increase in the power-based semiconductor consumption of new energy vehicles
These factors, and the supply end-crystal generation capacity utilization has gradually increased to full production since the end of the second quarter of 2020, with a particularly severe lack of capacity in the 8-inch crystal cycle, which is used mainly by semiconductors, and due to the impact of the South-East Asian epidemic, the global production capacity of the leading Idm factory has been unable to function fully, triggering power turn-over.
The 8-inch crystal circle is expected to grow at a combined rate of 5% in 2019-2024 because of low production will and inadequate equipment.
In the weather cycle, the company grew its production capacity by 8 inches/12 inches. The company’s shareholding subsidiary, Slancium, increased its production capacity by 8 inches in 2020, from 40,000 monthly productions at the end of 2019.
The company is therefore a small number of power devices with a significant increase in production capacity in the context of crystal round capacity stress in 2021 and 2022. 12 inches of mosfet is a more integrated cost advantage.
The automation of the inch crystal circle production line is higher than the 8-inch line, resulting in a human cost lower than the 8-inch line, which results in a combined cost of 20-30 per cent lower than the 8-inch area, thus generally having a greater cost advantage for idm 12-inch mosfet than 8-inch.
Upgrade from 8 inches to 12 inches to enhance the consistency of power devices and reduce loss. As the crystal circle size increases, the process of special processes generally increases, the width of the line decreases from 8 inches to 12 inches, and the average width of the line drops from 91.5 nm to 83.9 nm.
In the context of upgrading, the consistency and performance indicators of the static and dynamic parameters of the device are also more advantageous. The smaller the process process, the more crystallized cells are capable of processing, the greater the concentration of the crystallized cells and the greater the energy density. Combined with the thinness of the crystal circle, the conductive resistance of mosfet and gbt reduces the heat loss.
Figure 11: Crystal circle size, cost and width analysis. 3.ipm, power separation devices, advantages of the convergence of mems product lines. High-intensity R & D input several large product lines.
These include power- and power-driven product lines, mcu-based power-controlled product lines, digital audio product lines, special circuit product lines, mems sensor product lines, splitware product lines, power module product lines, photovoltaic product lines, etc.
The company ' s ipm power module product is active in the domestic white home power and industrial frequency changer market.
The advantages of degrees, low saturation voltage and high voltage, and the advantages of high input resistance, high switch frequency and low driver power. And the internal integration of ipm into logic, control, detection and protection circuits, and ease of use, not only reduces the size of the system and its development time, greatly enhances its reliability.
The company ' s ipm module has been widely applied to downstream household power and industrial customers ' variable frequency products, including air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, fuel smokers, cranes, home fans, industrial fans, water pumps, elevator doors, sewing.
In 2020, a large number of mainstream white-reform manufacturers in the country used more than 18 million Sranipm modules on white-modules, such as FM, an increase of 200% over 2019. Business revenues from company-based Ipm modules are expected to continue to grow rapidly in the coming years.
The company ' s igbt device and pim module (power integration module) exceeded its operating income by 260 million yuan in 2020, an increase of more than 60 per cent over 2019 and an electric car based on the company ' s five-generation igbt and frd chips.
The primary power drive module, which has been tested by some customers, has begun to deliver small quantities. We expect that with the delivery of the main power drive module, the company's gbt and pim modules grew by more than 50% in 2021. Mems (micromechanical systems) are microsensors, microenactors, micromechanical structures, microelectrics.
Energy, signal processing and control, high-performance electronic integration devices, interfaces, and communication-like micro-forms or systems. Mems are mainly used for consumer electronic market applications, represented by mobile phones, and are also widely used in the medical, automobile and communications industries. Mems sensors use semiconductors to manufacture technology and microprocess.
The technology manufactures microstructures, microsensors, controlled processing circuits and even interfaces, communications and power sources on one or more chips, complex manufacturing processes, including mainly Idm manufacturers and surrogates.
Factories, the world’s leading pure mems-based plants are silexmicrostystems, teledynedalsa, asiapacificccrosystems, x-fab, innovativemicrotechnology, etc. Sustained investment in mems is at the end of the harvest period. In 2012, the company successfully developed its first mems.
Inertial accelerometer circuit sc7a30; in 2013, the company launched the first three-axis magnetic sensor circuit sc7m30, which can be used for consumer electronic products such as smartphones and tablet computers. In 2016, the first domestic single chip six-axis inertia sensor sc7i20 was launched. At present, series of sensor products are mainly: plus
Speed sensors, gyroscopes, multiaxis inertial sensors, geomagnetic sensors, air pressure sensors, warm humidity sensors, silicon microphones, near and environmental light sensors, heart rate sensors, current sensors, angle and position sensors, vehicle tire sensors, etc.
The 8-inch chip production line achieved mass manufacturing capacity and built its own mems sealing line. In 2020, corporate mems sensors earned more than $120 million, an increase of more than 90 per cent, and s sold 27.6 million Maori, resulting in a net profit of $14.85 million.
At the same time, corporate mems sensor products are also on tablet computers, smart handring rings, smart door locks, car recorders, tws headphones, whites.
Continued expansion in the areas of colored household electricity, industrial control, and projected future output of company mems sensor products II. Overview of the power semiconductor industry and trends 1. Power semiconductor markets are expected to maintain a high rate of growth
Power semiconductors are at the core of electrical power conversion and circuit control in electronic devices. They are mainly used to change voltage and frequency, or to convert direct-flow to exchange, direct-flow conversion, etc. According to ihsmarkit projections. Market size is expected to increase to $44.1 billion in 2021: China is expected to reach market size.
Power semiconductor products can be divided into three main categories of powerware, power managementic and power module, in which power devices can again be divided into gbt/mosfet/bjt, transistors of semi-control devices, and diode tubes of uncontrollable devices. According to yoledevelopment, global power in 2018
Power devices/modules/powerics 32.7%, 13.3% and 54.0% in semiconductors. Power devices can be used in almost all electronic manufacturing industries with a wide range of downstream applications, including new energy sources (wind, photovoltaic, electric cars), consumer electronics, smart power grids, orbital traffic, etc.
Different power devices (mosfet, igbt, sic, etc.) can be used in different fields depending on the performance requirements of the sub-area (frequency, voltage, loss). By downstream application, power devices can be divided into five main categories, including industrial control (about 23% of market), consumer electronics (20%), calculated
Machines (20%), auto electrons (18%), network communications (15%). Mosfet, diodes and gbt are the three most powerful devices. mosfet, the semiconductor field effect tube for metal oxides, is a broadly available analogue.
Roads and digital circuits are field transistors. Mosfet devices are fast, shock-resistant, low failure rates, conductivity negative temperature coefficients, and expansionary. High power applications are insensitive, so low voltage big currents are a strong mosfet.
. The igbt has guidance modems, which are more powerful than power mosfet and bipolar transistors, and which transmits the density of conductivity to currents and drops in low flux pressure. The igbt is slightly less characterization than mosfet, and is better than bjt, but the igbt is more resistant than mosfet and is not easy to do.
Figure 23: Power semiconductor application power and frequency of work.
The value of the new power-power semiconductor has increased significantly. The value of the new power-power devices is mainly derived from the "3-power" systems of the vehicles, including power control, power drive and battery systems. In power control units, the igbt or sic modules convert high-voltage straight currents to exchange power that drives the three-phase power units: charged in the vehicle.
The power devices or modules are used in high-pressure auxiliary controllers, such as electric boosters, pumps, pumps, ptc, air-conditioning compressors, etc., as well as in low-pressure controllers, such as sig shutdown systems, electric vehicle windows, etc.
It's used as a mos single tube. According to strategyanalytics and infinion, the unit value of power units in conventional fuel trucks is $71, the unit value of power devices in light hybrid vehicles 48v is $146, an increase of 106% compared to conventional fuel vehicles; and the unit cost of power units in heavy hybrids and plug-in hybrid vehicles is $146.
The value was $371, an increase of 422 per cent over the fuel vehicle; the cost of power in the pure electric vehicle was $455, an increase of 541 per cent over the fuel vehicle; the charger was accompanied by an increase in the sale of new energy vehicles, which boosted the demand for semiconductors.
The basic infrastructure, which is essential, is also in the process of being built up at a high rate of growth in our power-filling pillar industry, with a large future market space. Infinion counts 100kw of power devices worth $200-300. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), global available power-filling posts are expected to be reached in 2030.
New energy generation is a new engine for power-driven semiconductor demand. Photovoltaic wind power is growing rapidly, and power-powered semiconductors are gaining new power. As new energy generation does not meet grid requirements, it needs to be recirculated through photovoltaic reverse transformers or wind-powered reverses.
Fluid electricity, re-reversed into exchange power that meets the grid requirements, and then feed into the grid. The power module is the core of the photovoltaic and wind generators, and the rapid development of the new energy generation sector will be another engine of continued growth in the igbt module industry. Global renewable energy 2015-2025 is projected by the Fuji electric machine.
For solar power, in order to effectively meet the demand for green-energy solar power generation and reverse grid-connection, the demand for semiconductor per 1mw wind power plant is 30 times higher. The steady increase in wind power generation will create a new demand for power semiconductors.
The right combination of control, drive and output power devices is required, and the igbt is the necessary bead on the crown of the 2.igbt-power device as the core instrument in the field of industrial control and automation, energy efficiency, orbital traffic, intelligence in the power plant.
A wide range of fields, such as power grids, aerospace, appliances, automobiles, power generation from new energy sources, new energy vehicles, etc. With the development of new energy vehicles, and the spread of more frequent white household electricity, the heat in the gbt market has continued to increase. It has not only increased the automation of equipment, but also the control of precision in industrial applications.
The efficiency of electricity applications has also been significantly improved, while the volume and weight of the product have been reduced and the material has been saved. The strong advantage of gbt above 600v is that it can now be applied to 6,500v high pressure, and in the high-pressure field, the sicumosfet is the competitor of the gbt.
Trends in igbt: high power density, low wear and tear, high frequency, miniaturization of igbt performance parameters: saturation and pressure drops generate static wear and tear, the lower the requirements, the better the discharge of the electrical current, the smaller the need for the better, the smaller the power to switch off and the better the energy to switch off (dynamic loss) and the more the time to rise and delay.
In terms of the reliability parameters of igbt, the higher the temperature required, the lower the heat resistance, the better the avalanche.
As a result, the chip size is larger, from 6 inches to 8 inches to 12 inches, the tube core, the infinion chip from 1st to 7th generation, has been reduced by two thirds.
Figure 29: Trends in the development of the igbt chip High power density, low loss, high frequency, high reliability Integrating rcigbt, rbigbt, two-way igbt, integrated sensors
Pulse art, 110 μm (1200 v), 50 μm (600 v) tube core, which has been reduced by 2/3 + new material over 20 years: sic
The density of the igbt tube core has increased significantly, and the thin blade process: the density of the infinionigbt tube core has increased from 30kw/cm2 in the first generation to 250kw/cm2 in the seventh generation, and has increased more than eight times; the infinion gbt chip has grown from 4 inches to 12 inches, and the thickness of the 1,200v chip has decreased by about 45 per cent.
Figure 31: Developments in the diameter and thickness of the igbt chip
Voltage and currents, with low wear and tear and high reliability. Automobile power modules require higher electrical reliability, higher lifetimes, better energy efficiency, high perturbability, light weight, compactness, etc.
In response to various applications, the technology of power module encapsulation is also evolving, mainly in the form of si new equipment technology, reduction of heat resistance, new chip welding, double-sided dispersion, increased integration, etc. 3. Competition patterns: Euro-American-led, national production is expected to gradually replace
According to ihsmarkit, the global mosfet market was about $7.6 billion in 2019, and the gbt market was about $4.8 billion. China’s power semiconductor market, which is 35% of the global market size, is the largest single consumer market in the world.
According to D, the market size of the mosfet Chinese market is 39 per cent compared to the global market, 43 per cent for gbt, 49 per cent for bjt, 47 per cent for power management, and about 40 per cent for other products such as transistor tubes, current fixers, and igbt modules.
The global power semiconductor market is still dominated by Euro-American and Japanese firms, with British fliers occupying an absolute leading position of 19% of the city. The subsequent cities of Ansomé and Mitsubishi accounted for 10.0% and 7.0%, respectively.
Specifically, in the mosfet and gtb sub-sectors, the top three cities in China's mosfet market were British Flying, Ansammy and Hua Yum, with 28.4 per cent, 16.9 per cent and 8.7 per cent respectively.
Electrical markets reach 10% and 9%. The market for high-end applications of power devices and technology is largely cut off by foreign firms. On the market side, mosfet and igbt products in high-end applications such as domestic orbital transport, telecommunications stations, etc. are largely monopolized by international giants, especially in the market for ultra-low energy-consuming and reliable power units.
Almost all of them are monopolized by leading international semiconductors. In technology, some semiconductor power devices are still in the hands of a few foreign companies; in the case of high-end mosfet, international first-class semiconductors such as British Flying, Ansamé, ISIS, etc., have all launched the shielding power of advanced global technology.
There are only a few firms in the country with R & D design capabilities. Figure 39: 2018 Global Market Shares of Igbt Companies. Domestic manufacturers are expected to gradually replace them in the power semiconductor field.
Both the mosfet, the igbt device and the igbt module are ranked first in the market. Medium- and high-end producers are concentrated in Europe, the United States and Japan: Taiwan, China, is also a large power semiconductor, most of the manufacturers of the Fabless, and the products are concentrated in the lower-middle- and lower-end sectors.
Producing products are concentrated in low-end areas such as diodes, low- and middle-pressure moss devices, transistors, etc. The process is mature and cost-effective. We believe that domestic power plants, such as design companies for new cleaning, stag semiconductor, and Idm plants such as Hua Yuwa, Slanwa, etc., are semi-conducted.
Substitution will be accelerated in the area of national production: 1. Downstream manufacturers will provide domestic firms with more opportunities to participate in the same competition in order to secure the supply chain. Power sets are essential for product performance and durability, and downstream manufacturers therefore lack incentives to replace suppliers.
Even if the product is consistent, domestic producers lack access to the supply chain. And, with the need to secure the supply chain, domestic manufacturers have greater opportunities to participate in the delivery of samples and to achieve breakthroughs in the supply chain.
With a relatively slow process update, domestic manufacturers have the opportunity to close the gap with first-class levels, using the bcd process, for example, the 90 nanobcd process platform at the China Rainbow Tinless 12 inches is now the main power plant consumer market in China. China is the world’s largest car, consumer electronics, and photovoltaics.
Large domestic markets give domestic power semiconductor manufacturers sufficient space to develop 4. Domestic firms are closer to their users and facilitate customized development with their customers. As most of the R&D sectors of international power semiconductor enterprises are overseas, some customers’ customization needs cannot be met in a timely manner.
The power enterprise R & D team is closer to its clients and more readily meets the needs of customers to customize different scenarios. In the areas of diodes, medium- and low-pressure mosfet, transistors, and so on, local manufacturers have started to import substitutes, but the market share is still low, and it is hoped that this advantage will be used to raise the market position in the future.
Some firms have now made breakthroughs in mid-to-high-end areas such as mosfet and igbt devices.
Slan chip production line high voltage, high power, integrated circuits for special processes, power modules (ipm, pim), power devices and power semiconductor programmes (combined with mcu/specialized ic): mems sensor products, digital audio video and smart voice products, general asic circuits: photoelectric products and led chip manufacture
The company uses the idm business model, starting with the integrated circuit chip design, to build a unique chip manufacturing platform for the process and extend the technology and manufacturing platform to power devices, power modules,
The research and development work of the company can be divided into two main components: chip design and process technology development. For chip design research and development, it is currently divided into power- and power-driven product lines, mcu-based power control.
Production of product lines, digital audio product lines, special circuit lines, mems sensor product lines, splitware product lines, power module product lines, photovoltaic product lines, etc. In terms of technology platform development, the company relies on the production of 5, 6 and 8 inches of chip lines that are already operating and the construction of 12 inches of chips.
Lines and advanced-commodity chip production have progressively completed the development of the country ' s leading high-pressure bcd, ultra thin slot grids, super-pressure mosfet, high-density gull grids mosfet, fast recovery of diodes, mems sensors, etc., and have formed a more complete process manufacturing platform.
The company was founded in September 1997 in Hangzhou, China. In March 2003, the company’s stock was traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the first integrated circuit chip design company to be listed in China.
Designed, manufactured, integrated semiconductor enterprises. Chart 41: Corporate development journey. Corporate headquarters are responsible for product design, R & D and markets, where product line management covers ad-dc products.
Lines, dc-dc and digitally controlled power source product lines, led lighting-driven product lines, ipm power module product lines, pim power module product lines, mems sensor product lines, asic product lines and generic mcu product lines, etc.: D & D includes the Department of Technology Development and Development, the Department of Systems Development, the Department of Mcu Product Development, and the Pim product development
There are five R & D centres in Xian, Chengdu, Tinless, Xiamen and Silicon Valley in the United States: marketing coverage in the Great China, South-East Asia and the United States: there are also river test engineers in charge of circuits, device chips, semiconductor manufacturing headquarters in charge of silicon chip manufacturing, led chip manufacturing, power product encapsulation,
The subsidiaries include Hangzhou Integrated Circuits Ltd. (5 inches, 6 inches), Hangzhou Xlan Xenjiang Electronics Ltd. (8 hours), Hangzhou Xinming Hearts Ltd. (led chips), Chengdusland Semi-Clictors Ltd. (silicon extensions), Chengdu Quaker Technologies Ltd. (power module, powerware, etc.)
Mems Sensor Encapsulation, Xiamensland Composite Microelectronics Ltd. (12 inches), Xiamenslamin Semiconductor (commodity), Hangzhou Mercale Technologies Ltd. and Hangzhou YuWang Electronics have 1. Collections, Māori prognosis and key assumptions
We believe that, in the context of the continuing shortage of industrial capacity in the industrial crystal round, the company’s harvest and Maori rates will rise significantly in 2021 as the company’s productive capacity is released and the product structure upgraded. By the end of the year, 8 inches will have reached 70,000 units/month, and 12 inches will have reached 30,000 units/month, taking only productive capacity into account.
In the context of the general increase in the prices of power devices, mcu, and mems, while the higher rate of Maori is ipm, the selection of a sample of the valuation and profitability levels of Stead Semiconduct, China Render, and New Clean. The company ' s annual and 2020 Māori rates and operating margins are higher than those of the company, and we are attributable to China ' s moderate depreciation and R & D fees.
We expect the elasticity of the idm model Māori rate in 2021 to be even more pronounced, with high Māori products such as ipm, mems, and igbt, whose prices are generally higher. In terms of valuation, the level of corporate valuation is below the industry average.
3. Reasonable valuation of the company, due to the company ' s low profitability over the last five years, has led to a higher valuation level for the company in the past.
The risk of stock build-up by distributors due to the rapid increase in product prices The general increase in power semiconductor prices from the fourth quarter of 2020 to the present quarter, with high industry demand and low holdings of semi-carriers and distributors, may result in investments by distributors if prices continue to rise rapidly
New technologies, new product R & D and industrial applications are long, large, and new products are available after delivery, and face rapid product renewal and non-satisfaction.
Risks of changing market demand. If new technologies, new process R & D of companies are not continuously upgraded and the industrialization of new products does not remain a market leader, there will be a risk of lower end production due to the continued absence of partial chips in the company ' s market competition and operations.
Some of the chips in 2021, such as drive chips, power management chips and mcu supplies, were short supply, product prices rose rapidly, and if stock shortages persisted, the end could be forced to cut production due to a lack of cores, thereby creating the risk of a drop in demand for power products.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment