Researchchand developmentcenter power idm old General, the new course is on its way.
- Slanwai's in-depth report, Child Autumn Research Assistant.
April 28, 2021: More than 20 years of cultivation, full-scale idm old general. Slan micro-covering power (60460.sh)
Devices (mainly mosfet, igbt, diodes, etc.), integrated circuits (ipm, mems, mcu, pmic, audio-visual soc, etc.), led chips, etc., are an extremely comprehensive idm enterprise. Since the second half of 2020, the global semiconductor landscape has continued to rise with a lack of cores.
The price boom has increased, and the company, as an idm manufacturer, has fully benefited from the boom. In the first quarter of the 21st year, the power of semiconductors has gone up, with new energy sources and transformer power opening up the growth space.
The company, with its own productive advantage, can fully guarantee the thousands downstream and the 36,000 planned for phase two. And the company’s 12-inch harvest of 40,000 production lines opened in December 20, with a two-fold increase in profitability.
In the long run, the power semiconductor is continuing its upward cycle, driven by new energy vehicles, 5g, and transformer power. New energy vehicles, 5g, and transformer power have significantly increased their use of power semiconductor, for example, in the area of new energy vehicles, the power semiconductor is about US$ 350, which is five times the base left of traditional fuel trucks.
Right. Single-power semiconductors can be worth up to Euro 9.5, which is nearly 13 times more than non-moderated household power. The company is now well known in the area of variable-frequency air conditioning, with its clients including beautiful white poles, and gravitational, and the company is now expanding to the new energy car market, with the vehicle ' s igbt module handed over.
The recent increase and decline in January (%) (29.59%) started a small supply of goods by paying up gas, North gas, etc., to well-known manufacturers in the country. There is much room for growth in the future. Depending on the power of the Idm, the product population is growing: through the advantage of the Idm and continuous research.
In the case of mems, pmics, mcu, etc., the company has been in production for more than 10 years.
In the field of sensors, there are a variety of products. With the advantage of idm’s operation, companies can provide differentiated products and high-quality services to their customers while optimizing the cost of manufacturing.
There is a huge space for domestic power management, with a market size of 68,153 million in 2018. And the transfer of industries offers an opportunity for companies to replace them. Currently apples, millimeters, Samsungs, and Quantities are being removed, and third parties are fast-loading brands, which will provide an opportunity for companies to fast-load acdc products.
The Division is divided into eight, 32 and programmable assp, 32 of which have also been rolled out in excess. The company mixes up the sale of the ipm module and forms a package that addresses the needs of its customers while increasing the volume of corporate collections. In addition, the company ' s electro-control mcu products continue to be industrially variable, industrialups, and industrial ruptries.
A wide range of applications are available in many areas, such as photovoltaic reversals, new energy vehicles, and access to the Internet. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we estimate the company's revenue in 21/22/23 at $7,171 million,9923 million, valued at 44/32/26 times.
First, the current trend towards the most productive capacity, driven by the technological advantages accumulated by sustained and intensive R & D inputs and adherence to the idm model of Sinda Securities, Inc., and the competitiveness of corporate products, driven by the high profile of downstream markets, will make a difference in the future.
Itd has enough kinetic energy. It's covered for the first time, with a "buy-in" rating.
Risk factors: Industry cyclical volatility risk, technology failure risk, productivity uphill and customer failure to exploit expected risks Market undervalues the performance elasticity of a company’s leading production capacity.
In addition, the company began production in December 20, with 40,000 production lines in 12 inches, and is expected to reach full production in 21 years, while the company’s second production line is expected to start early. Within the domestic power semiconductor Idm, the company’s production capacity is relatively large, and will benefit most from the current trend of excess semiconductor prices.
Ran Wei issued a price increase letter on 9 December 20, raising the value of the sgtmos product by 20%. At the end of February 21 the company issued a further price increase, and prices for mos, igbt, and sbd were adjusted as of 1 March.
Markets underestimate corporate progress in various areas of business. Companies are easily undervalued by markets for their products and customers because of their wide product lines, and in fact, companies are now breaking through multiple fields of customers and are competitive. Products such as igbt, ipm, in the domain of industrial control, have become well-known business suppliers such as Hitchuan, Yutong, etc. In the area of white electricity, companies have been promoting since 2012.
Supply, which is now heavily used by most branded homes, such as the American-Gree, and new-energy automobiles, companies have also delivered certifications in the form of gas, gas, and so on. In the area of mems, corporate products have been introduced into domestic mobile brand manufacturers and smart wears, such as mills, tiles, etc. Markets underestimate the level of corporate management, but in terms of asset turnover, the efficiency of the company’s operations or supermarket expectations.
In contrast to the ratio of liquidity in Bislan micro- and China-rich assets, due to the fact that most of the depreciation of the 8-inch line in Huayun has been taken up, a comparative analysis is made of the turnover of the original value of the asset. The rate of turnover of the 1h-brand fixed asset between 2018 and 2020 was 0.73/0.66/0.35, while in China I. Slanwa: more than 20 years of cultivation, the full product of the old idm.
The company was established in September 1997 with its headquarters in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, as a high-technology enterprise specializing in integrated circuit chip designs for the production of semiconductor microelectronic-related products.
Starting with the integrated circuit chip design business, the company gradually built a chip manufacturing platform for unique processes, extending to the containment area of power devices, power modules and mems sensors, establishing a better idm (design and manufacture as one) business model. After more than 20 years of exploration and development, the company managed power, power-driven, semiconductor power devices and models.
Several technical and product areas, such as blocks, mcu, audio-visual soc, mems sensors, led chips, etc., have been established as suppliers of semiconductor products and programmes, such as integrated circuits, semiconductor power devices, semiconductor compounds, power modules, mems sensors, etc., that can be provided to customers in an integrated manner.
In 2001, the company built the first 5/6-inch crystalline in the country, making it one of the first idm companies in the country; in 2004, the slanming core went into the led chip industry; in 2010, the company went into the power module envelope; in 2017, the first 8-inch line went into production.
The Division has achieved breakthroughs in technology and processes on the line of products such as igbt, high pressure mosfet, ipm, mems, mcu, pmic, etc.; the production line of the company ' s 4/6 inch compatible advanced compound semiconductor devices was launched in 2019; and in December 2020, the company ' s first 12 inches 90 nm unique process chip production line was officially put into operation and its capacity increased further.
Figure 1: Slander's development history. The product lines are wide, covering power semiconductors, sensors, mcu, and so on. For more than 20 years, the company has been following the idm business model, gradually forming three major business plates: integrated circuits, separate devices, led, and complete product lines.
Integrated circuit blocks cover products such as ipm, mems, acdc, dcdc, mcu, pmic, etc.; separate device plates cover products such as mosfet, igbt, pim, fast recovery tubes (frd), and sbd. Corporate product owners are to apply to consumer electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobile electronics, etc.
Figure 3: Slander Products Application Area 2, Equity Structures stabilized, Company Operations are well-placed.
The holding shares hold 39.14% of the shares of listed companies. Seven like-minded people, who left China in 1993 to start a business together, they were called the “Slanders of the Seven.” Seven people have long been engaged in integrated circuit design and semiconductor-related manufacturing, with a rich track record, consistent business philosophy and stable equity structures.
There are a large number of subsidiaries and affiliates under the Slander flag, of which separate devices and integrated circuit operations are mainly organized in Hangzhou, Hangzhou, Slander, Xammenskran, Xammenslaminang, Chengduland semiconductor, Slander River test factory, battalion; Slander's core is primarily responsible for the manufacture of the led chip, and Slander is responsible for the encapsulation of the high-end led chip.
Power devices and integrated circuits are two of the company's core business lines, which have remained at more than 80 per cent in recent years, of which the power unit is the company's first operating block, generating 2,203 million yuan, representing 51.5 per cent of the 2020 harvest and integrated circuits.
Next, receipts of 1,420 million yuan, or 33.2%, were limited in the delivery of large overseas plants, while the domestic epidemic was controlled and successfully resumed. As a result of the strong downstream demand, the company’s productive capacity was released, the company’s overall performance in the white electricity, industrial and regulatory industries continued to grow at a very high rate, and in 2020 it was able to recover.
The current revenue was $4,281 million, an increase of 37.61 per cent, while the subsidiary Slade lost $180 million in 2019; 2) the led chip business lost $24 million in the second half of 2019 and the year-long Māori loss. 3) The company continues to invest heavily in research and development, investing more than 10 per cent per year, far beyond its power.
In the first quarter of the 21st year, corporate performance erupted as a result of a high industry climate. The company achieved a revenue of 1,475 million yuan, an increase of 113.47 per cent, and an increase of 12.05 per cent. The Māori rate was 29.33 per cent, an increase of 8.60 pt, an increase of 8.60 pt, an increase in the ring.
Figure 7: Collection of SLN 18-1q21 (in billions) Figure 8:SLN 18-1q21 net profit (in billions) Figure 9:SLN 18-1q21 profit margin
Figure 10: Cost rates for the period of the 3q18-1q21 slant emblem also carefully examined the reasons for past underperformance and concluded that subsequent corporate profitability would increase steadily. Depreciation policy as disclosed in the semi-annual report, depreciation of buildings and buildings for 30-35 years, depreciation of general-purpose and special-purpose equipment for 30-35 years
According to the dismantling of the company’s lines of production, the company’s 5/6 inch line was put into operation in 2001 and 2005, respectively, with a longer production period, the equipment in question has been depreciated, only some of the remaining houses and buildings have been depreciated, and depreciation is currently affecting the company’s profits by hundreds of millions of yuan, starting production in 2017. The second phase, the expansion of the line of origin, began construction in August 2019, with a total investment of about $1.5 billion.
Based on the company ' s depreciation policy and assuming that 80 per cent of the mill ' s investment is in equipment, we calculate that the current value of the 8-inch line depreciation is about $460 million per year; the company ' s 12-inch line and the semiconductor line of the compound will not have an impact on the company ' s depreciation, as it is still operating off the list of joint ventures.
However, as the company’s 8-inch production line draws to a close, the company’s harvest will grow and the depreciation impact will be significantly reduced. The company’s profitability will increase steadily. (2)led influences profit performance, but now the business of the company is warming.
This is due to a 20-30% drop in the price of the Sranming luminous secondary tube chip in 2019, and the impact of the epidemic, as well as to a higher decline in the number of corporate screen chips and finished orders in 2020, which resulted in lower capacity utilization of the Slanming core and Mercale. And the Slandming core’s research and development input to the high-end led chip is one of the reasons for the net cost to the company.
But now that the industry is warming, the company has accelerated the development of products such as high-light led white chips, and has also made some progress in the development and expansion of mini-led chips in the backlights of high-density (cob) screens and LCD smart areas, which were delivered in large quantities in the first half of 2020, and in Merka of the flag company.
Leather space 1010 and "4-0-0" products are also becoming high-end custom products, as recognized by famous screenshops, and Slaminium's red and extra-chip chips are successfully imported into larger customers and are starting faster. Companies, while securing the market share of colour chips, are accelerating their entry into the medium-end and high-end Led chip markets of automobile lighting, cell phone backlights, landscape lighting, etc.
Leed chips (4 inches) are growing to 60,000 pieces per month and are being sold at full capacity. As product structure is optimized, and the volume of new high-value-added products is rising, business income is expected to pick up gradually. And, as the share of Led in the total revenue of the public sector is also declining, with 9.13% in 2020, the impact of Led operations on the company ' s net profits will be reversed.
In the period 2016 - 2020, corporate R&D costs were 240 million yuan, 270 million yuan, 310 million yuan, 330 million yuan, and corporate profit performance, but in the long run, the technological strength of the enabling companies, and the product lines, were constantly increasing.
The company has completed the development of the country's leading high-pressure bcd, super thin slot grids, super-high-pressure mosfet, high-density groove grids mosfet, fast recovery of diodes, mems sensors, etc., forming a more complete special-chrome manufacturing platform. On the one hand, the diversity of the company's products is ensured, and on the other hand, it supports the company's power management.
The company’s sales costs from 2016 to 2020 increased the size of the financing and interest payments respectively. We compare to industry’s, the company’s R & D costs.
Higher spending rates, sales rates, administrative costs, etc. are at normal industry levels. Figure 14: Comparison of comparative R & D rates for companies (in %) Figure 15: Comparison of comparable corporate sales costs (in %)
Figure 16: Comparison of comparable corporate management costs (in %) Figure 17: Comparison of comparable corporate financial costs (in %)
The net fixed assets are calculated using the net fixed assets as a denominator, which is more influenced by the depreciation method and the age of the depreciation. In contrast, since most of the fixed assets have been depreciated, we believe that the actual operating efficiency of the fixed assets is to be judged from the point of view of the original value.
ii. Power semiconductor temperature up, new energy sources, transformer power opening up growth space 1, mosfet, gbt performance superior, market space wide, power semiconductors are semiconductors for higher voltage, mosfet and gbt are its main products, and industry continues to grow.
Long. igbt is a composite full-power-driven semiconductor device, similar to the mosfet (insulated field effects) structure, which is a switch control device with a higher range of voltage that igbt can control. mosfet is fully known as the metal oxidation field effect transistor, which is made up of three fuses: the fence pole, the source pole and the leak extreme, when the pole is extremely connected to the source with the lower voltage.
The source and the leaking poles create a decomposable ditch, which allows high voltage between the source and the leaking poles to be conductive and produce "weak power control" effect. The structure of the igbt is more complex, but the principle is essentially the same, using the weak voltage between the two poles to form a gully, which allows for the control of the high voltage flow, which can be considered a mosfet and a bjt mix (the bipolar tripolar tube)
The maximum voltage that the mosfet can control is generally between 20 and 1,000 v, while the gbt can control super-high voltage of over 1,000 v. Mosfet can also be divided into medium-low voltage products and high voltage products, which are generally sold as separate devices, while the high voltage is generally sold as modules.
With smaller voltage to control more powerful voltage, it is widely used in a wide range of global power semiconductor markets, such as auto electrons, photovoltaics, aviation, electricity, etc., with industrial policies increasing at a slightly higher annual rate than the global rate. According to ihsmarkit, the global power semiconductor market was about $39.1 billion in 2018, and the market is expected to be in 2021.
The model will grow to $44.1 billion, with an annual growth rate of 4.1 per cent, with China being the world’s largest power semiconductor consumer, with huge domestic market opportunities supported by national industrial policies, with China’s power semiconductor market demand reaching US$ 13.8 billion in 2018, rising by 9.5 per cent, representing as much as 35 per cent of global demand. China’s power semiconductor market is expected to reach its size in 2021.
To $15.9 billion, annual growth reached 4.8 per cent, slightly higher than global growth. Figure 20: Global power semiconductor market space. Figure 21: China power semiconductor market space
Among the various semiconductor power devices, the most dynamic products for future growth will be the mosfet and gbt modules. Research institutions will have combined annual growth rates of 3.4 per cent for the mosfet market; global mosfet market models are expected to be close to $7.5 billion by 2022; and, according to China Industrial Information Network data, the global market space of the gbt monopolized market will be reached by 2020.
Euro-Americans are in absolute leadership, and peripherals are driving domestic firms to make rapid progress. According to data from the English Flying Officer Network, most of the top 10 suppliers of global power devices and power ic are in the hands of Euro-Americans, of which British-Americans and Ansammi are in the hands of their own companies.
The power field is more competitive, accounting for 19% and 8% of the market, respectively; Texas instruments and British flyers are more competitive in the power-ic market, accounting for 16% and 8% of the market. As a result of the Chinese-American trade conflict, domestic end-users have increased domestic production, creating a good opportunity for domestic firms to develop. Some of the country’s top-performing semiconductor enterprises, such as Hua Yuuwa and Starbuck, have been able to develop.
In the lead, the Chinese-era semiconductor, etc., investment in research and development continues to be strong, and even in some of the segmented areas, international leaders are no longer taking the lead.2 New energy vehicles open up the power semiconductor, new motors are moving faster, new energy cars are approaching a high profile, opening up a growth window for the motor power semiconductor market.
The global market for new energy vehicles, driven by major new energy automobile promoters, such as the United States, Germany, Japan, entered into high-speed, long-term growth. In 2019, the global market for new energy vehicles reached 2.21 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of 2.5 per cent. It is expected that by 2025, the global market for new energy vehicles will have surpassed 10 million, reaching 12 million vehicles, and the 2019-2025 caagr will have reached.
Figure 24: Global sales of new energy vehicles and projections (tens of thousands) Automobile electricization has led to a significant increase in the value of power units per vehicle. As a closed system, the internal output of electricity has to be achieved through the conversion of power mosfet devices, which is particularly important in hybrid and new energy vehicles.
Electrical control systems, engine control, and body control require a large number of power-driven device chips. According to strategyanalytics and English flyers, conventional fuel vehicles have a single-car value of approximately $71, light-mhev medium-power vehicles have a vehicle value of about $90, and high-mixed (fhev)/plug-in hybrid vehicles.
(phev) The value of the medium power device is about US$ 305, and the value of the pure electric vehicle (bev) is about double that of the medium power device. In terms of the increase in the cost of US$ 280 per vehicle, the pure electric vehicle will generate US$ 3.36 billion by 2025 as an important appliance to the electric vehicle, and the charger will also be an important growth point for the power device.
Mosfet is the most central component of the switch power module, which is a key device to achieve efficient power conversion and ensure that the recharge post stabilizes but does not heat. After the exchange of power into the charge post, the mosfet controls the transmission break by controlling the chip, forming a pulse current, and converting it to the direct requirements of the new energy vehicle by means of the electro-sensor coupling.
Current power sources. Our new energy vehicle holdings continue to increase, but the rate of increase is relatively low. The National Energy Agency is working on thousands, with 4.5 million chargers, and with the accelerated construction of the charger, the demand for the mosfet chip and the gbt chip is figure 27:gbt acting as a switcher in the charger.
The transformer is an electrical control device that controls the exchange of motors by changing the power source frequency of the power plant. The transformer is mainly a general flow (communications to direct flow), filters, reverses (direct-flow exchanges), brake units, etc.
The transformer adjusts the voltage and frequency of the output power by relying on the internal igbt switch to provide the electrical voltage required by the machine according to its actual needs, thereby achieving energy conservation, speed transfer, and, beyond, there are a number of protective functions for the transformer, such as overflowing, overpressure, overload protection, etc.
The igbt module not only acts as a traditional triode in a transformer, but also as a part of the current. The control device produces a raw sine wave signal that is isolated by photocoding into the igbt, which then converts the direct current of 380v (220v) into an exchange output, depending on the change in the signal.
At present, the state and enterprises are fully committed to promoting the development and use of energy-efficient technologies for reducing emissions, especially in the power sector, where “floating” becomes a consensus between industry and consumers. The current trend in the frequency of domestic electricity is concentrated in three major areas of white power, with less of other products, slower of the process of conversion, and less of the added value.
On-line data from industry, of the three major white power units, the most frequent rate of domestic air conditioning was 59.4 per cent in 2019, followed by washing machines with 46.8 per cent in 2019 and refrigerators with the lowest rate in the three major white power units, 39.7 per cent in 2019.
In terms of the overall use of power devices such as mosfet, igbt, U.S.A. data show that the value of the transformer's single-power semiconductor can be as high as 9.5 euros, which is almost 13 times higher than that of the non-modified household power. The demand for power conversion is driven by the demand for electricity conversion, and the size of the global household power-related semiconductor is expected to grow from 2,645 million euros in 2017 to 5,779 million euros in 2022, on average annually.
The core control component of white power with a variable frequency function is its internal ipm module, which contains igbt, drive circuits, and protection of circuit seals in the same module, thus providing a low power consumption and high reliability for the transformer.
Three major white power areas, with 100 per cent penetration of the domestic air-conditioning power module ipm product; 3 per cent penetration of the refrigerator power module ipm; 94 per cent penetration of the rest of the option; and the laundry machine product ipm, which can be divided into four categories depending on the internal power circuit configuration: h (internal envelope of 1 gbt), d (internal seal)
Two igbt, c-type (in-house covers 6 igbt) and r type (in-house covers 7 igbt). Small-power ipm allows the use of ceramics insulation with multilayered epoxy insulation systems, and medium-power ipm.
In terms of the size of more than 1.6 billion household power stocks, the need for a sustained and stable renewal in the future has become an important driving force in raising the sales of transformers (2) the reverse-changer welding industry, also known as the arc welder, is a new type of welding power source.
Hezl) communicates network voltage, which first becomes a straight flow by entering a flow adjuster and filter, and then by switching the power switch (igbt) to a medium frequency exchange voltage of thousands of Hz to tens of thousands of Hz, which is lowered by a transformer to dozens of volts suitable for welding, and then recommences the current with a relatively smooth straight flow of welded currents from an electric anti-filtration wave.
According to the National Statistical Office, the production of 11,089.3 million welding machines in 2020, an increase of 15,887 million compared to 2019. The continued warming of the market for welding machines will also guarantee a gradual increase in the demand for igbt. Figure 32: China ' s production of welding machines (millions) in 2011-2020
The company, as one of the priority software and integrated circuit design firms in the national planning layout, has the main discrete products of low-pressure quality management systems, Iso14001 environmental management systems, Sonigp, EU rosh, eco, etc., and the quality of products.
Companies are the current technology-leading mosfet manufacturers. Companies are able to supply low, medium and high pressure series of mosfet products in the range of 30v to 1500v, and are currently home to all mosfet mainstream plant structures for R & D and manufacturing.
Major enterprises, producing devices such as trough fences mos, floor fences vdmos, and super-mos, can meet the needs of different customers and different application scenarios. Companies are more competitive in products on power devices such as igbt, ipm. The global market for igbt devices in 2019.
In 2019, the market size of the global ipm was approximately $1.59 billion, with a 1.1% share of the company ' s market, which is the ninth largest multi-sector client and growing market share. In the area of transformers, the company is now well known, such as the Sinkuan.
Igbt module suppliers from the famous frequency changer enterprise; in the area of welders, the company has for many years been widely adopted and developed by the majority of branded power producers in the country, including known white power producers such as Haishin, Hair, Long-Rain, American and Gravity. In 2020, the mainstream white whole-officers in the country used super-high on white power units such as VACs.
In the area of new energy vehicles, all chips have been developed by the company's own electronic car mainframe-driven module, which has been delivered to nationally recognized manufacturers such as gas, gas, etc., and has begun to be supplied in small quantities. The company will also be in the future in the form of wind, light voltage, etc.
In the area of energy, the product structure is richer and more optimized.5 As a result of the boom in prices and high capacity utilization, the firm’s performance is high, the power semiconductor is mainly based on 8 inches of sub-manufacturing, and the boom in markets such as power management, i.e., power, i.e., increases the supply of 8 inches of crystals.
Given the difficulty of equipment transformation and the high cost of 12 inches, the production of power semiconductors is now mainly based on 8-inch crystals. The supply of power semiconductors, driven by the capacity constraints of crystal mills and the current high demand downstream, is not enough.
Domestic power planters are expected to take advantage of the twin opportunities of the epidemic and to compete for a larger share. In the eight-inch crystal round, the supply of power equipment is on the verge of a shortage. At the same time, because of the impact of the epidemic, foreign suppliers are more unstable. Downstream demand drives the terminal to increase the use of national production power devices, and some areas have gradually been replaced by national production.
In case of lack of supply, crystal supply capacity and product delivery capacity are particularly critical. In our view, production is the best in the current shortage situation.
The company has China’s leading crystal-crystal capacity. As noted above, the company currently has multiple production lines: Xanzhou State has a 5/6 inch production line, focusing on the production of traditional separation devices, 5 inches in bipolar tripolar.
Polar tubes and fast recovery of diodes, pressure-control tubes, with a capacity of up to 100,000 units per month; 6 inches with a high pressure general flat pressure mos tube, with a capacity of up to 110,000 units per month and a combined capacity of 210,000 units per month for two production lines. According to icinsights, as of December 2020, the company had the second-largest capacity in the world in production below 150 mm crystal round.
The 8-inch production line of the Hangzhou Serang Company focuses on high-voltage integrated circuits, high-pressure super-laden moss tubes, high-density low-pressure trough mos tubes, trenchshotsky tubes, high-power gbt, mems sensors, etc.
In order to meet the growing demand for chips in areas such as new energy cars, the company and the limited public department of the Xiamen semiconductor investment group have invested 22 billion yuan in two 12 inches-90-65 nm unique process chips at the Xiamen.
Production lines and a 4/6-inch semiconductor device production line. The 12-inch production line of Xiamenslanc is also expected to start early. The 4/6-inch semiconductor line of Xlanmingang, which mainly produces third-generation power semiconductors, optical communications devices, high-end led chips, has been put into production and is expected to reach production in 2021;
The second phase will be launched in 2021, with production expected to reach completion in 2024, and production capacity will grow further. In addition, the semiconductor, a subsidiary, has an annual production capacity of 700,000 silicon-extensive chips (covering 5, 6, 8, 12 inches of total size), which brings together 60 million annual production capacity modules, 800 million annual production capacity devices, and an annual production of mems.
With high industry performance, domestic power semiconductor orders are full, and prices are on the rise. Price hikes, such as high-speed electricity, China Xuantities, and new cleaning, are published, and price increases are widespread.
All moss, igbt, sbd, frd, power and management prices will increase again on March 1rd, February 23rd. And, according to the Carnets, Slanders' 21-year orders are full, capacity is high, production is still increasing during Spring Festival, and plans are being made to build a new 12-inch chip line ahead of schedule.
The rate of use will result in a double increase in the company’s revenue and profit margins.iii. The product base is the advantage of the idm, which is the company’s advantage, in addition to its power semiconductor business, and is also driven by mems, pmics, mcu, led.
Integrated circuit products such as circuits, digital audio and video circuits. 1, mems: more than a decade of cultivation of the mems sensors, idm casts the core advantage of mems, i.e. the emblem electrical system, which is a serial sensor, implementer, mechanical structure, power source, signal processing, control.
Radios, high-performance electronic integration devices, interfaces, communications, etc., are drying-up micro or nanoscale devices or systems. The mems art is the miniaturization of components of traditional mechanical systems, using semiconductor processing techniques, to locate micromechanical systems and integrated circuits on silicon crystal circle, and then uses specially tailored encapsulation forms based on different applications.
With technological developments, mems devices have been widely used in the automotive, medical and health care industries, the communications industry, and the consumer electronics industry. With the rapid spread and growth of consumer electronics, represented by smartphones, the mems industry has increased significantly. According to Yole, the global market for mems is expected to grow from US$ 20,153 billion.
By 2025, $17.7 billion, or 7.4 per cent, had been recorded, with consumer electronics as the main market for mems, about $6.87 billion in 2019. Over the next five years, consumer electronics will be the main driving force behind mems growth, and the applications of mems in consumer electronics are expected to increase significantly and the market size will rise to $11.14 billion, with cagr being the main market for mems.
In 2019, China’s mems market was about 59.780 billion yuan, with a larger space for e-consumption. According to Sadie’s consultant, China’s mems market was about 59.780 billion yuan in 2019, a marked rise from 36.33 billion yuan in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of 18.06% in 16-19.
It is automobile electronics and computers, which account for 29% and 15% respectively. Globally, the share of consumer electronics in the mems market is 58.58%, while the share of consumer electronics in the Chinese market is only 20%, so it is clear that there is room for improvement. In the coming years, it is expected that the size of the market will increase further as many Chinese manufacturers begin to apply mems to consumer electronics.
In terms of specific applications, radio frequency mems accounted for the largest share of 26 per cent; pressure sensors accounted for 19 per cent.
More than ten years ago, in the field of arable memes sensors, there was a variety of products. Since 2010, Slanwe has invested heavily in the development of mems sensors, mainly three axial accelerators, environmental light sensors, distance sensors, heart rate sensors, silicon microphone sensors.
The company's three-axis micromechanical digital acceleration sensor was awarded “XIV (2019) Chinese semiconductor innovation products and technologies.” Figure 40: Corporate mems sensor's main product
The product differences have become central to the intense competition, and the company's Idm model has become a core competitive one. The mems sensor has a large overall market code, but it also faces a relatively high level of competition. Market participants are now dominated by internationally recognized manufacturers, such as Confusion, World Wideness, Ideas Semiconductors, Texas instruments, and the producers are largely in a segment of the market.
In the course of competing in the mems market, the differentiation of products is crucial, and domestic producers take advantage of the foreign market by taking advantage of price advantage in their participation in the market, as well as in the current domestic competition.
Slan, with its idm operating model, can provide differentiated products and high-quality services to its clients while optimizing manufacturing costs. Domestic producers tend to focus on them, with their production capacity, cost, and product reliability often not.
The idm model is controlled, price-neutral, and self-generated production lines can greatly ensure that the turn-over period is manageable. The product design needs to be modified repeatedly during the process of testing production by the Fabless manufacturer, and the company needs to work closely with it.
The internal seal ensures that the lga seal is self-processed, that the encapsulation stress is extremely optimal and cost-effective, and that the product delivery cycle and quality are controlled retroactively.
In 2020, corporate mems sensors earned over $120 million, an increase of more than 90 per cent, and products have been introduced into domestic mobile brands, such as millet, Hua, and smart-dressing customers. There are tens of thousands of them. At the same time, corporate mems sensors products are also on tablet computers, smart handrings, smart door locks, car recorders, etc.
tws headphones, white home appliances, industrial controls, etc., are continuously expanding, and it is expected that in the future the products of the company mems sensors will be exported, pmic: Power management will lead to high-growth national production, and the company will be one of the leading players in the country. The power management chip is the key element in the electronic equipment and will be responsible for controlling the conversion, distribution, testing, etc. of the power needed for the equipment.
It has a direct impact on the performance and reliability of the whole machine. The different types of electronic equipment require different features and applications of the power management chip, so that the power management chip is designed to match the application areas. The main components of the power management chip are: ac/dc chip, dc/dc chip, battery management chip, driveic.
Cubes and overstretch protection chips. Slade power management ic consists mainly of ald drive, ac-dc circuits, dc-dc circuits, fast-loaded circuits, etc. Global power management chip markets will continue to benefit as markets for new energy vehicles, 5g communications, etc.
Market research institutions tmr project that the global power management chip market is expected to grow to $56.5 billion by 2026, rising to $68.153 billion annually in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 7.95%. In the coming years, the size of the national power supply management chip market is expected to continue to grow rapidly as the domestic power source management chip application expands in new areas.
Overseas giants monopolize the global power management chip market, we have a low self-sufficiency rate, and national production substitution is imperative. Power management is largely monopolized by the United States and Europe. In terms of overall market share, the main players in the power management market are still mainly European and American enterprises, with more than 80% of the market share, while Japan, Korea, and Taiwan account for a certain share.
The management of the top five producers – Texas instruments, Hightowers, Yadno, Mercantile, and British fliers – together account for more than 70% of the market share, with a high concentration of industry patterns. In the context of large-scale industrial shifts, China’s power management, i.e., the power sector, has opened up opportunities.
In the process of industrial transfer, domestic firms will have easier access to the civilian consumer market, and will open up vast areas of development; especially those with deep technological accumulation, in the process, they will be easier to access home power and consume.
Industries with higher cost-control requirements, such as electronics, can take over import brands at slightly lower prices, replace national production and securely occupy and expand markets.
In 2018, the company’s share in the domestic power management chip market was 0.97%, the second largest company in the country, after the crystalline source, and the sales of power management chip sales amounted to $663 million, according to the report of the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, “Analysis of market demand forecasting and investment strategic planning in the integrated circuit industry in China.”
In the first half of 2020, corporate voice recognition chips and applications continued to be promoted and used more widely in the mainstream white power plant ' s smart home systems. And the company developed a fast-filled chip set for smart phones, as well as a series of multi-agreement fast-loaded solutions for brigade, mobile power and vehicle chargers, which have been waiting to be used by domestic mobile branders for delivery.
3. mcu: Combination of computer cpu, ram, rom, timer and multiple i/o interfaces on a chip that forms a chip-grade computer that can be combined in different applications.
Control. At present, mcu is widely applied to various types of electronic equipment and is the central control of electronic equipment. The mcu can be used to significantly improve the functionality and character of electronic products, which can be widely applied to smart households, consumer electronics, network communications, workers. During the first half of the 2000s, the global electronic supply chain affected by the epidemic was weakened, car sales slowed down, and the icinsights projected for the whole of 2020.
In the mcu product structure, 32 mcus are gradually becoming mainstream. 32 mcu jobs are mostly in the range of 100-350 mhz, with better processing capacity and more efficient implementation than 8/16 and more extensive applications.
The need for efficiency and project management will tend to be selective and easy to access the kernel processors of design resources. Moreover, with the introduction of advanced processors, the cost of 32 mcus will be reduced from year to year. Therefore, 32 mcu will continue to grow at a high rate. According to the projections, in 2020, 32 mcus will account for 62%, 16 23% and 4/8.
Figure 46: Global mcu market size and growth rate ($ billion)
Mcu's normal delivery period is about eight weeks, but the recent delivery of international mcu plants, such as British fliers, st, Risa, etc., has been extended by about 30 weeks, or more. In this case, the Mcu spot market is a serious problem, and the prices of mcu have been raised by major international and Taiwann manufacturers. 95% of the domestic mcu chips are made up by an idiosyncratic semiconductor, nxp,
Large international plants like Risa, Feiscar, etc. are supplied, and are concentrated in such areas as industrial control, auto electronics, iot, etc., with high potential and high profits. Mcu firms in the country compete mainly in middle- and low-end applications such as consumer electronics, smart cards, and hydroelectric gas meters.
The company first entered the 32-bit mcu blue sea and sold with ipm. Although there are many, most of the domestic mcu companies are in low-end electronics, dominated by 8 mcu.
The requirements are high, and therefore national production of mcu is less used in high-end areas such as home electricity, engineering, and new energy vehicles. The company’s mcu products are divided into eight, 32 and programmed assp, 32 of which have also been rolled out.
In addition, the company ' s electro-control mcu products continue to be widely used in a wide range of areas, such as industrial variability, industrial ups, photovoltaic reversals, new energy vehicles, and network of goods.
iv. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating, as the country’s first-ever listed power idm, the company has developed over more than two decades, and the product lines include power, integrated circuits, and three broad product classes of led. Of these, the company’s power semiconductor products are complete and cover mosfet, igbt, ipm, and fast recovery tubes.
Frd, Shortki tubes sbd. Integrated circuits include mems, acdc, dcdc, led driveic, mcu, etc. Specifically, power devices: currently, 8 inch crystal mills are in short supply, while consumer electronics, new energy vehicles, transformer power, etc. are recovering, causing a power semiconductor to be in short supply, and industry and industry are on the rise.
The prices of mos, igbt, sbd, etc., have been adjusted since March 1. The company’s orders are now at an unprecedented level of abundance, and the company is increasing its productivity, planning to start work early and increasing its capacity to produce more.
In the long run, power semiconductors, driven by new energy vehicles, 5g, and transformer power, are approaching the golden opportunity period, and domestic end-users are increasing their support, and the power semiconductor is growing in a wide range of spaces. Integrative circuit operations: mems sensors, companies have a variety of sensors, including three axis acceleration sensors, etc.
Environmental light sensors, distance sensors, heart rate sensors, silicon microphone sensors. In the first half of 2020, corporate mems sensors increased revenue by more than 70% on a year-on-year basis, and products have been introduced into some domestic mobile brands, and companies will be using smart hands, tablets, smart hand rings, smart door locks, car recorders, tws headphones, white home appliances, industrial controls, etc.
Continued expansion is expected to lead to a further increase in the volume of company-based mems sensor products in the future. pmic, company power management ic is divided into acdc, dcdc, led driveic. Currently apples, millet, Samsung, and Quick Packing, with third-party fast-loading, will provide the company with an accelerated replacement for fast-loading acdc products.
The mcu product meets a wide range of demands ranging from 8 to 32 places, from low cost to high accuracy, and, thanks to the company’s customer advantage at the ipm, the company’s mcu combined with the sale of the ipm module forms a package that addresses the needs of its customers while increasing public revenue. In addition, the company’s mcu product continues to grow in industrial frequency, industrial ups, photovoltaic reverses, new energy vehicles, etc.
A wide range of applications, such as the Internet, is expected to take advantage of the mcu shortage and the trend toward national production. Leed Business: The current led is warming downstream, while companies have accelerated the launch of high-light led white chip, which was delivered in large quantities in the first half of 2020, with a small gap of 1010 and 4-0.
In terms of valuation, we have chosen China Yu, Yangji technology, and Quick Microelectrics as comparable listed companies.
Ps 11.06 times, pb 7.05 times, pe 60 times. The company's 21-year counterpart is 5.66 times, pe 44 times; Slanwe, one of the leading domestic producers, is currently experiencing a trend of high-yielding capacity stress, and the company's igbt modules, ipm modules and mems sensors are making remarkable progress, such as the rapid release of the ipm module in a big white consumer;
The use of the igbt module has also been delivered for tests by well-known domestic manufacturers, such as wind and North, to start small-volume deliveries; mems sensors have been introduced into large domestic customers, such as millet and Hua; overall, the company ' s products are competitive and are driven by the high profile of downstream markets, with sufficient future growth energy, thanks to the technological advantages accumulated by sustained and intensive research and development of inputs and adherence to the idm model. For the first time, coverage is available.
The company's main products include power semiconductors, smart sensors, power management and smart control products, the demand for which is influenced by industry and national economic climates, and the risk of a decline in the company's performance if the industry's climate is down.
2. Risks of technology overlaying expectations if firms misjudge technology and product trends, slow progress in technology R & D, under-achievement of R & D results, and weak transformation of technology results may result in new technologies, failure in R & D of new products or failure to bring new products into the market.
The company’s 8-inch production increase and 12-inch production uphill will contribute significantly to the company’s growth, and the company is increasing the number of visitors’ imports. There will be a risk of the company’s failing to perform as expected if the company’s output climbs and its customers fail to reach the expected level.
Fang Jing, a leading business experience in the semiconductor industry for almost five years at Xian University of Electronic Technology, has been familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain of business, and has also been a sponsor of the country's well-known semiconductor business incubation platform, i.e. coffee, and has assisted many semiconductor companies in their early introduction of a third place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the electronics sector of Crystalball in 18/19; and 3/2 in the electronics sector of the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.
Liu Xiaoqing, a Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joined South-West Securities in 2018. Joined Sinda Securities in 2020. Known the semiconductor industry chain. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined Sinda Securities in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.