At this point, we're recommenced that the company's three growing companies will grow up in deep-farming batteries for more than a decade, and that the layout power and storage are two main tracks.
Looking back at corporate development, the third stage of the "single product - one vertical extension - globalization out of the sea." In terms of performance, in the last two years, with the impact of corporate size and vertical layout of the industrial chain, corporate profits have gradually moved into the future.
During the harvest period, in the first three quarters of 2023, the company’s net profit was lost. At this point in time, and again in terms of its growth, we believe that there are three main points of view: (1) the general population: the targeted work has been completed, and it is hoped that a new chapter in the volume of production will be opened.
Over the past few years, the company has completed the transfer of shares, management integration, product certification, etc. And, in 2022, 2023, it received a series of popular power cell decisions in China and overseas markets.
At a point, it means that the company's products have passed public tests and are officially licensed. We believe that company-public cooperation is about to enter a sweet harvest. (2) Globalization: the growth of overseas markets is promising, and companies are ahead of the sea.
In terms of penetration, China’s new energy vehicle penetration rate in 2023 was more than 30%, while in Europe it was just over 20%, and in the United States and Thailand it was about 10%. The offshore market is in the early stages of industrial growth, with great potential for development.
A small number of battery companies in the United States have made progress on projects, with states planning lithium batteries and positive and negative material production projects in the states of Illinois (China).
In the South-East Asian region, 2gwh production capacity was planned in Thailand for phase I, expected to start delivery in 2024q1; the Viet Nam market and the local joint venture with Vines to build a lithium phosphate battery plant.
(iii) New technology products: innovation driven, next generation battery products creating more possibilities
email: yujiepan@cnpsec.com 1000km to continue the flight; at dawn, the l600lfp core is capable of achieving a mass energy density of 240wh/kg, supporting a fast charge of 18 minutes.
Risks of policy change at home and abroad. Corporate and downstream client partnerships do not match the expected risks.
The company's main products are lithium phosphate materials and cores, tri-dollar materials and electric cores, power cells, battery management systems, and storage-type batteries. Products are widely used in pure electric vehicles, commercial vehicles, and electronics.
New energy vehicles such as special-purpose vehicles, light vehicles, and systems solutions for storage power stations, communications base stations, etc.
Looking back at the company's development, a third-tier jump of “single product - vertical extension - globalizing out of the sea.” The company started with the phosphate lithium battery product, first applied to electric buses, and then expanded to multiple applications such as vehicles, low speed vehicles, storage, etc., to achieve a multi-dimensional expansion of downstream applications. In addition, in the product structure, the company achieved a multi-dimensional expansion of downstream applications.
In 2020, the company and the general public entered into a deep strategic partnership and subsequently completed a number of landmark moves, such as the public’s strategic inclusion, and the fixation of the public’s standard electron core. Over the last two years, the company has stepped up its efforts, pointing to the development objectives of the globalized lithium company, planning overseas production bases in Europe, the United States, etc.
Figure 3: Corporate development journey Out to sea as a new investment point • 2020, signed with Mass Motors Group (China)
• In 2021, a public war was launched, which led to the creation of the country’s largest shareholder.
In 2012, 3,000 phosphate lithium batteries were launched in collaboration with Jiang Huai, a company based in Göttingen, Germany.
Three generations of pure electric sedans, the first new energy production operating base in Europe.
• Promotion of offshore market co-ops, 2023, certified by the Popular Automobile Laboratory;
Delineation of the first battery product from Göttingen, Germany • 2006, company formation • 2014, power cell output in the second, second, third, third,
• In 2009, the company started electric bus cell students to build an annual production of 40gwh in Illinois, United States of America.
In 2017, I signed a contract with Shanghai Electric.
• In 2010, the first cooperation agreement on pure electricity on board a national battery, co-investment in a joint venture to operate the bus on line.
• In 2019, with Bosch, India, Tata, the public was the company's first shareholder, and its chairman, Li Jian, was the company's real controller. In May 2020, the two parties signed a partnership agreement on equity, with Volkswagen (China) Investments Ltd. investing about 1.1 billion euros, receiving 26.47 per cent of Goko (then).
As of the third quarter of 2023, the public share ratio was 24.69%, the company’s first shareholder. The chairman of the board of directors, Li Xing, Nanjing’s holdings, and Li Xing’s co-actors, and the head of the board of directors, Li Xing’s son. As a result, when the public entered the stock, there was an agreement that “the popular China promised that the company’s shares involved in the release and transfer of the shares would be the subject of a non-public release.
Both were registered for 36 months from the beginning of the popular Chinese name or for a longer period of time at the popular discretion, which would irrevocably relinquish the voting rights of some of the shares in the company held by the public, so that the voting rights of the popular Chinese would be as low as 5% of the voting rights of the founding shareholders, and the chairman of the board, Li Xing, would remain in the company’s de facto control. The introduction of the popular capital structure was not done at the expense of the public.
Figure 4: Corporate equity structure is rising and the size of the collection is growing year by year; profits are expected to enter the harvest period.
During the first three quarters of 2019-2023, corporate revenue grew at a high rate, with the scale of operations growing rapidly with the outbreak of downstream demand and the volume of company production and sales; in terms of profitability, the lithium battery industry experienced advanced R & D, high asset investment, and early profitability difficulties.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company’s total cost rate for the four main periods was 29/22/18/17/15 per cent, and the cost rate was effectively controlled.
In terms of R & D costs, companies maintain high R & D inputs, R & D costs are now 6%2 of the two main engines, and the company is in the top of the global battery share 2.1: the company is the fourth in the domestic phosphate lithium battery.
In 2018-2023, domestic power cell loads grew from 57gwh, to close to 390gwh, with an annual average of less than 40% of phosphate lithium loadings rising to almost 70%. The phosphate lithium technology route is based on the structure of the machines.
The share of power batteries has risen significantly, from less than 40% in previous years to nearly 70% in 2023, mainly for reasons such as upgrading, safety, and better economics of lithium phosphate technology. The company is the fourth in the country's iron phosphate battery.
In 2023, the company ranked fourth in the country for the phosphate lithium battery, with a market share of 5.64%. In the case of the trio battery, the company is currently in a very small volume, ranking ninth in the country for the trio battery in 2023, with a market share of 0.95%.
Global markets, corporate power cell loaders, ranked eighth in January-November 2023. From the pattern of global power cells, companies ranked eighth, with a market share of 2.4 per cent, after domestic manufacturers in the Ninder era, Biadei and Central Innovation. Figure 13: Global power battery load patterns, January-November 2023.
Figure 12: Domestic power cell load patterns in 2023 are expected to have global power cell demand of more than 1250 gwh in 2025. China, Europe, the United States, South-East Asia, etc., with strong support from government policies around the world, are showing trends in power dynamics. We measure global new energy vehicle sales by 2025.
Over 23 million vehicles are expected, and power cell demand is expected to exceed 1250gwh. 2.2 storage capacity: global storage capacity is expected to reach the twh level in 2027.
A total of 143.8 gwh, of which 122.2 gwh and 21.6 gwh, respectively, are in the sixth place as global storage cores. Global storage batteries are expected to be installed over 1,000 gwh in 2027. According to Frost Sullivan, global storage power in 2023.
Pool capacity is expected to reach about 200gwh, and 1023gwh by 2027, with a combined growth rate of over 40%. Taken together, the company’s power and storage track have vast growth space, while the company is in the top 10 positions in both tracks.
3 Presently re-examining the company's three main visions of the future: a "Ace" in the company's hands.
The brand market is second. Let's start with a popular group: a well-known motorist group in the fuel-car era, with many brands, including the Volkswagen, Audi, Scorda, Bingley, Rambo Base, Porsche, etc.
Automobile brands are ranked second in the world, with a market share of 6.7%, after Toyota. On that day, the Volkswagen Group released its 2030newauto strategy.
By 2050, the group will have achieved carbon neutrality. The global poles of the fuel-car era have joined the tide of the electric era, turning strongly, with firm and clear forward targets.
In 2022, the penetration rate of the public group pure trams was about 7%, and the transition began slowly. In 2020/2011/2022, sales of the mass conglomerates were 23/45/57 thousand, representing 2.5%/5.1%/6.9% of the total sales of the group. Because of the time required for the design of the vehicle platform structure and so on, the 2030newauto strategy was also launched in 2021, we believe that now it is time to launch it.
The electric transformation of mass groups has just officially begun, from the current penetration rate of 7% to the 50% penetration rate by 2030. Central Europe is the main market for mass pure tram sales, with popular id and Odie-tron being the current hot-sale model. In 2022, sales in mass groups’ pure tram areas were the largest two markets, Europe (62%) and China (27%).
Figure 21: Mass groups ' share of pure tram sales in 2022 (by region) Figure 22: Mass groups' share of pure tram sales in 2022 (by vehicle type)
National high school is an important partner on a mass electric path. So we see that the world's auto giant mass group is driving a big electric transformation, and that the power cell is the core of the electric car, and that it is a key indicator of the motor vehicle's sexuality, safety, production costs, etc.
The cooperation between the two sides was officially announced in 2020, in the form of a strategic entry into the capital of the country, in which both sides form deep strategic cooperation.
In November 2021, the transfer of shares was completed. The general public held four board seats on the company’s board of directors, while giving technical exchange guidance on automated production processes.
The cooperation memorandum furthered the development of cooperative plants in Europe and cooperative development of standard cores. (See below for more details on the European plant planning, standard core concepts.) The focus of cooperation is (3): completion of battery volume production points in the public and overseas markets. 2022, 2023, Land of the Nation.
The public’s targeting of power cells in the Chinese market and overseas markets has continued, marking that the company’s products have passed various dimensions of the population’s tests, and that it has obtained a license to measure production. For the story of public cooperation, it has been a label for the company since 2020, with shares in the past few years.
At this point in time, we believe that this story is about to open a new chapter, that this Ace is about to come, and that the fruits of cooperation are at hand.
Public planning for electric motors and batteries: Sp will be a unified platform for the future of the general public, which will be used in the production of pure trams since 2026. At the structural level, the group of large cars has proposed the ssp (scalablesystemplatform, a scalable system platform) as its next generation flat.
. It will be a continuation of the integration of the mqb, msb, mlb, meb and pppe platforms, integrating the three fuel and two pure electric motors platforms. The production of pure electric vehicles on the ssp platforms will begin in 2026, and it is expected that more than 40 million vehicles will operate on this basis during their life cycle.
By 2030, 80% of batteries in the general population will be supplied with a standard self-produced core, and Gülen will be working with the public in Germany to produce 40gwhh for use in mobile vehicles. At the battery level, the mass group plans to focus its development on the standard core (unieedcell) covering chemical systems such as phosphate lithium, manganese, three-dollar lithium batteries, and solid electrolyte.
80% came from self-supplied standard cores and 20% from outsiders. Thus, the general public also planned to build battery capacity. Six battery plants are planned to be built in Europe, with an annual capacity of 240gwh: Plant 1: in salzgitter, Germany, developed standard cores in collaboration with the Kuen High School, which is expected to be in production in 2025.
Plant 2: In Sweden, production is planned for 2023, in cooperation with nonthvolt, mainly for luxury vehicles; Plant 3: in Valencia, Spain, production of standard cores is planned for 2026;
Factories 4: planned to be located in Eastern Europe and scheduled to be operational in 2027; In addition to the four above-mentioned plants, two plants will be planned in Europe.
Figure 25: Mass Group European Battery Plant Planning 3.2 Out of the sea: Overseas markets are a necessity for soldiers, corporate globalization is ahead of schedule, the penetration of the offshore new energy truck market is far below the domestic level, and some of the penetration is still 10%.
In terms of penetration, China’s new energy vehicle penetration rate in 2023 was more than 30%, Europe just over 20%, and the United States and Thailand (in January-November data) around 10%. Overseas markets are in the early stages of industrial growth, with great potential for development.
The Curve theory, which refers to the life cycle of an emerging technology or product similar to the S-type, reflects the pattern that "the entry period will be relatively slow, and the exponential growth will occur over the long term, and eventually the growth rate will slow and move to the top of the curve when it reaches maturity." The point of development of our country's new energy vehicle is in 2021, with penetration rates coming in.
In a short period of 10%, there was an explosion in the industry. By analogy, the new energy vehicle industry in overseas markets is at this early stage in the long term, with a very large potential for growth and development.
Figure 28: China’s annual sales of new energy vehicles (millions) and changes in penetration rates The policy of overseas regions is strongly supported by a clear development plan for new energy vehicles for 2030/2035. Europe plans to achieve zero emissions of cars by 2035, meaning a complete ban on fuel trucks; the United States government plans to charge new cars by 2030.
The U.S. market may be one of the most difficult areas for a domestic battery plant to take out of the sea at the moment, and the U.S. is a small country.
According to the government website of Illinois, Gokko will build 40 gwh power cores and 10 gwhpacks in Illinois, and the factory will build the base.
In addition, in Europe and South-East Asia, local companies have been working together to localize batteries. In Europe and the South-East Asia region, the boom has been successful. Europe, and the local battery company, Norbat, have jointly built 40gwh capacity;
In Göttingen, Germany, the first German-made battery product was de-linked in 2023. Thailand's first phase of planning for 2gwh production capacity, with a fixed point for the type of vehicle, is expected to start supplying 2024q1. Viet Nam's market and localvines' joint venture to build a lithium phosphate battery plant.
Figure 34: Innovatively driven by co-operation between Kudo High and inobat, a new generation of battery products injected into new sources of dynamism. The company has eight major research and development centres around the world.
Lifran, Tsumbo, Japan, Singapore, Germany in Europe, and Pune (India) have established eight major research and development centres around the world. The area of research and development covers the entire life cycle of batteries, with research and development leading the industry. It is a research and development centre that combines battery product development, material system development, production technology services, testing certification, and information management.
Research and development (R & D) investment remains high, and technological innovation is intensified. Companies have spent around 1.8 billion yuan on R & D in 2022, an increase of 178% over the year. R & D investment has been intensified, and technological innovation for new products has been vigorously pursued.
In addition to the new upgrades and innovations in the battery material system, there are a number of breakthroughs and innovations in technology based on the early morning battery bag. The early morning battery kit uses double-faced liquid cooling techniques and very simple design ideas for sandwich structures. The very simple structure design reduces the number of structural parts of the battery package by 45% and weight by 32%; and the very simple version.
Electrical design caused the battery bag to beams to reach even 26% of its previous length, down from 303 meters to 80 meters, with a volume-composition efficiency of 76%, and a pack energy density of 190wh/kg Chart 38: Opening morning battery bags
Semi-solid cell: Energy density 360wh/kg, supporting 1,000 km continuation. The company has launched a three-dollar semi-solid state (solid fluid mix) battery with a capacity of up to 160 kwh/kg, with a energy density of up to 360wh/kg and a size of 580 mm*120 mm*9mm. The battery has high safety performance and has passed a number of tests, including needles, overcharges, overcharges, short circuits, squeezes and 180°C heat tanks.
Standard tests. The first generation of semi-stabilized batteries can pass a 1 mm through a needle prick, and the second generation can test a 5 mm through a needle prick. The electric vehicle carrying this battery will achieve 1,000 km of continuous voyage miles and a 100 km acceleration time of 3.9 seconds. Moreover, according to the Vice-President of the National High School of Technology, Zhang Hongryu, the company has also developed energy density in the laboratory.
To 400wh/kg, a prototype of a three-bit semi-solid cell will also accelerate the transition of a liquid battery to a semi-solid state, with technological innovations in the future. The power cell and storage cell operations are expected to be accompanied by a sustained increase in downstream demand and the import of new customers for new products from the company.
As upstream raw material fluctuations narrow, and corporate-scale effects reflect, the Māori ratio of battery products is expected to fall below expectations. If demand for new energy vehicles, storage, etc. downstream falls short of expectations, it will lead to lower sales and lower crop rates, thus affecting company performance.
The price volatility of raw materials is at risk. If the price volatility of upstream lithium carbonate, middle-motile battery materials is too large, it will lead to a further escalation of companies, thereby affecting their performance.
The company and its downstream clients are not as risky as expected. If cooperation with the company and its partners is not progressing as expected, it may have some impact on the company’s operations.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.