Industrial chain layout, sea sailing, 30/01/2024. Deep-dryed lithium phosphate batteries. Public access added dynamism.
In six years, it was mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of batteries and their accompanying products, with applications covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, special cars, low-speed cars, and storage markets. In 21 years, 26.47 per cent of public holdings became the company’s largest share, working together to enhance corporate management and research and development capabilities.
Continuing breakthroughs, power cell loads ranged from 14.1gwh, 8th in the world to 4th in the country; storage battery loads ranged from 5.5gwh, 8th in the world to 6th in the country. Corporate performance improved from year to year, with 22 years of harvest and return: power, storage and battery races are vast, and major manufacturers compete for speed.
\triangleright high demand in the car market, driving demand in the power cell industry, we predict, by 2025, that by mid-2025,
The country's new cars will be sold up to 13.7 million, the world's new cars will be sold up to 2,213 million, China's power cells will be installed up to 731gwh, with 47.5% cagr in 2021-2025, and the global power cell will be loaded up to Lee Hyo Peng.
As markets grow, we predict that by 2025, China's storage markets will be able to deliver as much as the core competitiveness: the vertical layout of the industrial chain and the increased efficiency of manufacturing power.
(b) The supply of core raw materials is guaranteed through the acquisition of three pieces of mining rights in Jiangxi-Yi-Yi-Sun, which cover positive, negative, diaphragm, electrolytic fluids, and raw materials that contribute to the scale up of the supply; the core and pack end, which are technologically enriched, innovative jtm technologies, forward-looking semi-stabilized batteries, self-researching of the mlfp system for morning batteries;
Research assistant Kiyoshi Planning end: Global layout of the production base, over 200 gwh over 25 years of capacity; Battery Reclamation Responding Policy call for active layout, with strategic collaboration with Edyson Energy in Japan.
Business drivers: There is plenty of space in overseas markets, and seaboardings are accelerating. On the one hand, stringent European carbon emission limits, and US-based law on ira have forced Chinese firms to localize abroad; on the other hand, demand for new energy vehicles in Europe and the United States is growing rapidly, and power cell companies will accelerate the European-American domesticization chain.
The company has become one of the fastest-growing companies for domestic battery manufacturers in many parts of Europe, the United States, Asia and the Pacific, with a number of internationally recognized businesses such as the public, German Bosch, Slovakianobat, America, rivian, India tata, and Viet Nam.
Industry leads, future growth space is wide, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. \triangleright 1 country high: deep plowed lithium phosphate battery, mass added
1.1 Developmental journey: 17-carriage in the field of deep-dry lithium electricity, the internal and external distribution of power cell industry leaders in the country and the expanding market within and outside the country. Established in May 2006, the company was one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce and sell lithium ion batteries for new energy vehicles autonomously;
In 2007, the production line for the production of lithium phosphate material became operational; in 2010, the first pure electric bus operation with a national battery led to technological developments in the global battery industry; and in 2014, the second and sixth global output of a corporate power cell was exported from the United States to mark the company ' s successful move towards the export of 100 Jiang Xiaoiev with a national battery.
International markets; in 2015, the company made its first share of domestic power batteries by using Shell East-source appliances; in 2017, a cooperation agreement was signed with Shanghai Electric to co-invest in the establishment of a joint venture with a power storage capacity; in 2021, the popular launch was completed, and the public became the first shareholder of the company, and the chairman of the company, Li Qing, made the first major shareholder.
Realist; in 2023, the company became a target supplier in the mass overseas market for the supply of a mass car phosphate lithium standard, a core-powered lithium battery product, and contracted with a number of internationally recognized enterprises such as Basf, abb, ebusco, ficosa, etc., to make a new breakthrough in the overseas layout.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of batteries and their accessories, covering three main plates of the power lithium battery system, storage energy system and transmission and distribution equipment. In the power lithium battery system plates, the main products are phosphate, lithium materials and cores, tri-dimensional materials and cores, power batteries, battery management systems, etc., and are widely used in pure electricity.
New energy areas, such as commercial vehicles, passenger vehicles, special vehicles and hybrid vehicles; in the battery storage system plates, companies have mature technological systems and products are widely used in communications base stations, storage power stations, wind complementarities, mobile power sources, etc.; in the transmission and distribution of equipment panels, the main products are high-pressure switch sets, electrical digitizing equipment, etc.
In recent years, services such as transmission and transmission services and the construction of the epc package have been expanded. 1.2 Equity structure: popular access and complementarity new chapters The public becomes the company's first shareholder and Li Xing remains the actual controller. In May 2020, the company published a non-profit.
In December 2021, the popular Chinese stock holdings became the first shareholder in the company, with Li Jing, Li Jing and Nanjing's controlling group as a consistent controller. As a result of the popular Chinese commitment to release the shares and share shares from this time.
As of 18 November 2023, the shareholding rate in the People’s Republic of China was 24.74%.
The company’s management has extensive industry experience in the area of lithium electricity, and the installation of two executives in the public sector has added dynamism to the company’s management operations. The company’s actual controller, chairman and managing director, Li Xing, established the National Fertilizer in 2006.
As a world-class automobile company with a mature R & D manufacturing system, advanced corporate management, and a well-developed market marketing system, mass executives and women and Mr. olafkorzinovski are now in the company's management, and they were responsible for production and products, respectively.
Investment in and control of operations and the operation of spare parts plants, with public management experience, will add new dynamism to the operation of corporate management and achieve synergies between the two in the field of new energy batteries.
1.3.1 The power cell is broadly equipped and the client structure is continuously optimized. The strategy of “doing the fine lithium, making the best three dollars” is maintained. The product is widely matched by passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, special cars, low-speed vehicles. The company continues to break through the lithium phosphate performance ceiling, and the 230wh/kg lithium phosphate battery has been designed.
Type; three-dollar high-voltage nickel and silicon oxygen negative electrode batteries are industrialized, and the three-digit semi-solid 360wh/kg battery has been tested with a tight needle puncture; and the 3rd generation core products of the 3rd generation of l300, 1600, n300 have been introduced through a completely new structural design, with the latter 1,300 and 1600 having been mounted into the advanced phosphate lithium chemical system in the industry.
Battery products have been widely complemented by passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, special cars, and low-speed cars. Currently, companies are working with strategic clients to develop high-performance lithium phosphate batteries, upgrade new energy vehicles for renewal, safety, and expect companies to continue to improve their product structure and improve product competitiveness in the future.
The company established a partnership with Jiang Huai in 2011 with the launch of 585 first generation Jiang Xiaoiev new energy vehicles, which are the first home in the country to set up a number of projects for the use of a vehicle type, the creation of a wide gas company, the United States, etc., and has been associated with the high-voltage, high-to-low, Jiang Xiao, Qi, etc.
Swe, Chang An, Jili, Walle, Zero, United New Energy, etc. have established strategic partnerships and continued to supply the U.S. rivian, Dutch ebusco, Indian tata, Vietnam vinfast.
The volume of orders and the growth of receipts are guaranteed. 1.3.2 Reserves are rich in products, faster in business expansion. Companies are rich in storage products and fully cover storage applications such as centralized, distributed and household applications.
In 2014, the Service was officially launched, and in 2016 the Department of Storage Energy was established. The products include, inter alia, storage cores, standardized battery cells, battery baskets and powecean, Powerstar, PowerMart storage products to meet the needs of centralized power storage, business storage and home storage applications.
The market for domestic and foreign storage energy is heavily developed, and storage projects are frequently marked. The stocking blocks depend on the firm’s strengths in core technological research, intellectual manufacturing, and globalized supply chains, among other things, of basic materials.
The strategy of leading enterprises such as China, China's Towers, the national electricity grid, Sumaida and Shanghai Electric has been steadily deepening, and cooperation has been established with well-known international enterprises such as abb, nextera, invenergy, jinko, borrego, and edison, which have made significant efforts to open up domestic and foreign storage markets, with companies frequently marked on their domestic and external energy projects.
1.4 Corporate finance: rapid increases in revenue collection, rapid growth in reserves, and annual improvements in net returns. On the revenue side, benefits from the global market for new energy vehicles are evident as companies continue to improve their industrial chains and accelerate the opening of international operations.
In terms of the composition of the revenue, the structural transformation of energy and the European energy crisis, the surge in demand for storage batteries, and the rapid rise in storage power markets are now growing.
In 2022, the company generated 3.508 billion yuan, or 15.22 per cent of the revenue. In terms of regional composition, domestic operations continued to dominate, and overseas operations expanded significantly, with a rising income share. Since 2020, the company has actively promoted the construction of overseas power cells and ancillary industrial bases, with the sea rising in 2022.
As the company’s overseas industry is placed on a continuous basis and existing overseas client orders are fast-tracked, it is expected that the ratio of offshore operations will continue to rise. Volatility is due mainly to higher upstream raw-material-end costs, the end of subsidy policies, and strong competition in the market.
But as the company completes mineral resources, positive and negative end materials, power cores and q1-q3 per year, the company ' s Māori ratio is 16.99 per cent, an increase of 2.87 pcts and a net interest rate of 1.66 per cent over the same period, the cost rate has generally shown a downward trend over the period, with significant efficiency gains.
While the expansion continued, the scale of sales increased and the scale of costs increased during the period, there was an overall downward trend in the cost rate over the period q3 with a 14.73 per cent cost over the period, of which sales, management, research and development (R & D) rates, continued improvement and significant efficiency gains were achieved.
Industry 2: Power, storage and battery races are wide, major manufacturers compete for speed bumps 2.1 power cells: lithium cells expand at an accelerated pace, competitive patterns are more concentrated, there is a clear advantage for lithium 2.1.1 phosphate, and the installed ratio continues to rise.
In terms of battery costs, three-dollar batteries use a variety of expensive metal materials, such as nickel, cobalt, manganese, while phosphorus lithium raw materials are less expensive, combined with a gradual decline in State subsidy policies for new energy vehicles in recent years.
Lithium phosphate batteries are more cost-effective; they are more stable in terms of safety, and their structure does not change during discharge, and they are more secure. Three dollars have a higher energy density than phosphate and lithium batteries, so they are more capable of continuing to sail; but with nearly two years of technology,
The technology has changed, and the energy density of the lithium phosphate battery has increased considerably to meet 400 to 600 km of continuous navigation capability, the blade battery issued by Biadi is capable of continuing in dry, and the neanderthal supercharged batteries of the Ningd era have a “ten minutes charge, 400 km continue”.
The share of the phosphate lithium loader is over three dollars, increasing continuously. The advantage of the phosphate lithium value ratio is clear, with the share starting to counter-triple batteries in 2021. The volume of phosphate lithium loadings in 2019 was 20219.4 mwh, or 32.50%, and the ratio of phosphate loadings was 40529.8 mwh, or 65.15%; and the ratio of phosphate lithium loading machines in 2021.
For the first time, the volume exceeded the volume of the trimester, at 79836.9 mwh, or 51.64 per cent; in 2022, the volume of the lithium phosphate was further increased to 261,000 mwh, or 67.32 per cent of the total load.
In January-November 2023, the global market for the power cell industry was more competitive, with a cr4 ratio of 73.20%, an increase of 1.68 pcts over 22 years, a greater monopoly on the market by top firms and a more concentrated pattern of market competition.
The global power cell load is 14.9gwh, the eighth largest in the world, with a global market share of 2.39%. 2.1.3 Rapid growth in the demand for new powered vehicles, upswing in the demand for new energy-powered batteries, and rising penetration rates.
In 2023, China sold 9.495 million new energy vehicles, with penetration rates rising from 4.5% in 2018 and regional demand for new energy vehicles. New energy automobile sales are forecast: based on data from the China-Association Association, we expect new energy vehicles to be sold in the country in 2024.
About 11,490,000 vehicles, with a penetration rate of 37 per cent, and in 2025 we expect China's new energy vehicle to remain at 20 per cent, increasing its sales by 13,79 million vehicles, compared to 40.68 per cent in 21-25. According to Canalys, we expect global sales of new energy vehicles to reach 17,97 million in 24 years, with 40 per cent United States sales and 40 per cent European sales.
By 25 years, we expect the United States and Europe to continue to grow at a high rate, with global sales of new energy vehicles. Figure 15: China and global penetration of new energy vehicles, with a high demand for boosted lithium batteries.
Growth and battery technology innovation has accelerated, product performance has improved, product structure has improved, and the power lithium battery industry has continued to expand, and battery loads have continued to grow. In 2023, global power cell loads were 732.7gwh, a 41.02% increase in the same year. In 2023, power cell loads in China were 448.1gwh.
The annual capr is 47.5 per cent; global motor battery capacity will reach 57kwh, and global power cell capacity will reach 2.2 storage cells: market growth is strong, industry is about to scale up and grow 2.2.1 phosphate lithium batteries into the mainstream of the storage energy market
High safety, long life, low-cost lithium phosphate batteries are mainstreamed into the field of storage energy cells. The storage cells can be divided into lithium ion cells, lead acid batteries, sodium sulfur batteries, liquid flow batteries, etc., with the advantages of high energy density, long life cycle, high multiplier performance, wide range of applicable temperatures, low environmental pollution, etc.
The economics of lithium ion batteries are becoming more evident, and applications in the storage market are becoming more widespread. Lithium ion batteries are now more widely used, with phosphate as a positive end, with phosphate as a positive end, and three-bit lithium batteries, with nickel as a positive limit, or as a positive limit.
Longer, safer and less costly, with higher costs and life cycle requirements for cores due to the high capacity of the storage system, and the National Energy Agency ' s " Twenty-five Heavy Point Requirements for the Prevention of Accidents in Electricity Production " (2022 edition) published in June 22, clearly states that medium and large electrical and chemical storage power stations cannot be selected.
Use of three-dollar lithium batteries, sodium sulfur batteries, which are not suitable for power cell use on ladders, and the policy emphasis on the safety of storage batteries has increased the performance advantage of phosphate lithium at this stage, resulting in the rapid rise of the global storage market for phosphate lithium batteries and increased competition in the market.
Over the last two years, there have been several energy storage projects in domestic and foreign markets, open tendering or delivery, applications such as storage power stations, wind FM, solar power storage, user side, communications base stations, etc., attracting large numbers of battery companies and increasing competition in the market.
In 2022, Ningde was the world’s first-largest producer in global sales of energy batteries in 2022, with batteries sold at 53,000 mwh in 2022, an increase of 212 per cent in the same year, with the city accounting for 43.4 per cent and an increase of 5.1 pcts in the same year.
Up to 1,000% of the growth, with a 4.5% increase in the city and 3.4 pcts in the same year. According to ggii, 2023 h1, the lead company Ningde Energy Battery has delivered more than 10 gwh, and the Ninde Power Battery has delivered more than 2022 year-round.
Figure 19: Sales performance of storage energy batteries, 2021 (mwh) Figure 20: Sales performance of storage energy batteries, 2022 (mwh)
♪ Three stars sdi, Biade, Ripland ♪
The transformation of the energy structure and the energy crisis in Europe have led to a surge in demand for storage energy and a high degree of innovation in the volume of storage batteries.
For the past 14 years, with the transformation of the energy structure and the European energy crisis, the global reserve energy market has emerged rapidly, driven by policy support and the growing deployment of clean energy power generation. According to ggii, in 2023, China stored 206gwhh, a 72% increase in the volume of battery output; and the global reserve battery output, 225gwh, was the same.
41% increase. We predict that China ' s reserve market will have 346.1gwh, 2021-3 core competitiveness by 2025: vertical layout of the industrial chain, enhanced manufacturing power, 3.1 mineral resource end: upstream lithium resources, ensuring efficient landing of production capacity
The company has been active in the development of the upstream lithium resource, which since its arrival in 2021, has acquired rights to the White Water Cave Mine, the South Sector Mine, and the China-Omni Mines of the New Territories, which are designed to produce 1.5 million tonnes/year, and the South-Water Mine, which is designed to produce 1.5 million tonnes/year.
1.8 million tonnes/year, HWAA is currently in the advanced phase of mineral resource exploration, designing a production scale of 50,000 tonnes/year. Companies can effectively reduce costs and respond to market price volatility by laying up the supply chain upstream; they can guarantee the supply of raw materials to ensure that the growing production capacity is effectively located; and they can better capture the carbon footprint from the industrial chain.
The company invests in lithium carbonate processing plants, such as Jiangxi Feng and Bong Shin, where the company produces 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate a year, and in both desirable and new locations.
In 2022, the company produced about 8,000 tons of lithium carbonate. The company entered into a cooperation agreement with the National Energy Mining Company of the Argentine Ministry of Jujuy to establish a joint venture to develop and produce products such as lithium carbonate.
Tons of lithium carbonate can satisfy the battery capacity of 208 gwh, and with the completion of 60,000 tons of lithium carbonate production in Argentina, it is expected that a total of 312 gwh battery capacity will be supported.
The cost advantage is significant by covering the core components of battery materials such as positive/negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytes, etc. The company has improved the overall layout of the end of the material (positive materials, negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytes) for the stable supply of barrier materials, achieving efficiency gains in precipitation, sustaining the cost and technical advantages of the company in the power cell industry.
In the area of material, the Yangtze River is currently planning 200,000 tons of lithium ore material, which has been put into production, as well as 30,000 tons of high nickel ore material per year, which was scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023, and 150,000 tons of ore material in the year of its construction in Michigan, United States of America;
In the area of negative materials, the project for planning 300,000 tons of negative materials for the Anhui Fattung programme, with an annual production of 100,000 tons, the project for production of 400,000 tons of negative materials for the Inner Mongolia-U Sea programme, with an annual production of 100,000 tons, is now in production, and the United States-based project for production of 50,000 tons of negative materials for the Michigan region is being mobilized;
(a) In the area of diaphragms, where companies jointly invest in compost sources to produce wet diaphragms with an annual design capacity of 500 million square metres and an primary capacity of 80 million square metres;
Intensity batteries are stored in technology and 100,000 tons of electrolyte are produced in the plan year.
Ani Qiang Yui: Planning 30,000 tons of high nickel material a year. Michigan: preparing 150,000 tons of positive material a year, Ani Qiang Fattung: planning 300,000 tons of negative material a year.
Inner Mongolia Sea: planning to produce 400,000 tons of negative polar material per year, Michigan, USA: preparing to produce 50,000 tons of negative polar material per year.
Together with the star material, we're planning to produce 500 million m2 of wet diaphragm per year to acquire the U.S. Bassov Electrolyte Laboratory and the associated patent, the electrolyte.
3.3 Kernel & pack end: jtm, semi-solid state technology in place, energy-producing global layout 3.3.1 Innovative jtm technology, forward-looking semi-stabilized batteries, lmfp early morning batteries, innovative jtm technology, breaking the energy density limit of the lfp battery system.
Jtm technologies (jellyrolltomodule, from roll core to module) were introduced at the Tenth Scientific and Technical Conference: j is a roll core, m is a module, jtm is directly placed in a roll core in a module, done at once. jtm technologies can make monomer to module composition more than 90% more efficient, using a system of lithium phosphate materials.
Model energy density close to 200wh/kg, system energy density of 180wh/kg to high nickel trinity level; battery and module components have been significantly reduced and production cycles and battery costs have been significantly reduced compared to conventional lithium cells; jtm is also more adaptable, be it a mass meb platform or a moderate large flexible module.
Compatibility can facilitate the standardization of modules, so jtm is low-cost, high-assembly, and easily standardized. The company ' s jtm product has been industrialized and will look forward to semi-stabilized batteries in the field of switching mode applications, with product load delivery imminent.
In an important direction, the core of the battery's search for “steter state” is the evolution towards the high energy density, which is now a transformative increase in the range of vehicle-borne cruises. In 2017, the company started research on solid batteries and solid electrolytic decomposition, with breakthrough results in semi-stemperature batteries in 2022.
State batteries developed through material and process innovations, solid state electrolysis of the rounded bread of positive material particles, negative end use of silicon negative electrodes, development of new high-safety diaphragms and high-safety liquid electrolytic fluids with single-body energy density of 360wh/kg, system energy density of 260wh/kg; vehicle type with semi-solid batteries, battery packages
The battery has now been tested with needle pricks and 180°C30min heatboxes above the national mark, and has been refreshed with a three-digit super-high nickel, high core heat-resistant temperature. The company will also be able to land the silicone-based negative polar rotations and the lithium metal negative poles through technological innovation in the future.
And lithium technology, which accelerates the transition of liquid batteries to semi-solid, eventually achieving full solidity. Figure 24: 360wh/kg semi-solid battery physical displays self-researching the lmfp system 1,600 morning batteries before opening the industry without ncm to continue dry kilometres
Rivers. On 19 May 2023, the company released at the 12th Science and Technology Congress a new, autonomous lfp system, number 1600 a.m. Cythroscopes and battery packages. At dawn, the 1,600 mfp battery achieves a single body energy density of 240wh/kg, system energy density of 190wh/kg, which exceeds the energy density of the three-dimensional cells currently on the market;
The entire vehicle continued 1,000 km to support a full-time fast charge of 18min; the battery bag was designed using double-surface liquid colds from the sandwich structure, which reduced the number of structural units by 45 per cent and the length of the beams by only 26 per cent; the self-research material had a high temperature of 1,200°C, and the four-generation bms had active safety protection. At present, the product is based on a new design.
All tests have been passed for the needles, hot boxes, overfills, over-excuses, heat out of control, squeezes and short circuits. 3.3.2 The global layout of productive capacity responds positively to strategic clients and the global layout of productive capacity.
Five major material bases, including Fatty, Jiang Si Yichun, Inner Mongolia Uhai, Hujuy Province of Argentina and Michigan State of the United States of America, have been built gradually to build new stations of fatty, esophagus, Yujijiang, Jiang Sunanjing, Jiang Xi Yichun, Jiang Sonam Tong, Shandong, Qing Island, Hebei Tangshan, Guangxiju, An Qing City, An Xianxian, Göttingen, Viet Nam, Slovakia, Slovakia,
Sixteen large battery production bases like Illinois. By 2023, the company had a core capacity of about 115 gwh, we expected it to reach 178 gwh by the end of 2024, and US and Thai capacity will be released gradually, responding positively to strategic customers in South-East Asia and North America.
3.4 Recycling end: Response policy, area of layout battery recovery Power battery recovery is key to addressing environmental pollution and resource cycles, and national policies focus on and support battery recycling. Lithium battery recycling industry is dominated by end-of-life power cells (new energy end-of-life vehicles, end-of-life vehicles, etc.).
End-of-life electric motorcycles, end-of-life electric bicycles, etc.), waste from power cell production, power cell recycling industry chain downstream as a ladder utilization area (low-speed electric vehicles, telecommunications base stations, storage cells, smart street lights, etc.) and feed-back material (tin, manganese, cobalt, lithium, etc.). In recent years, various sectors of the country have introduced a system for the return of lithium batteries.
Guidance on receipt will facilitate and guide the development and upgrading of lithium cell material technology and its recycling industry.
In-depth cooperation between end-use applications and enterprises such as integration of systems, distribution of channels, logistics transport, etc., leads to upstream and downstream stabilization expectations, clear volume prices, secure supply and win-win cooperation.
In response to national policy, the field of battery recycling is active. In March 2021, the company announced the establishment of a wholly-owned company, H.S.C.C., and H.S.C.T., Inc., and H.C. New Materials and Technology, Ltd. (N.S.C., New Materials, New Materials, New Materials, New Materials, New Materials, and Negative Materials Development, Production and Marketing, which will be part of the Fertilizer Cycle.
The economic demonstration zone plans 50,000 tons of used lithium phosphate batteries and 10,000 tons of polar reclamation projects; the national cycling system focuses on the environmentally sound recovery, collection, storage, transport, disposal and use of waste from used power batteries and battery plants, and this investment will improve the strategic layout of the company ' s lead-up raw materials and battery recovery strategy for lithium batteries.
Enhancing production cost control. At present, in the context of recycling technologies, fully-assessed recovery technologies developed by companies autonomously allow for efficient, safe, and non-hazardous treatment of used power cells, increasing the recovery rate from 72% to 93% of used batteries; and the first “power-breaking” of the 50,000-ton battery recovery line in Fattung also marks the first success of the “Nation”
In addition, in March 2023, the company entered into a strategic partnership with the Japanese energy agency Edison, with a market strategy based on market needs, and the first year of the plan, with a target of 1 gwh, was raised to 2 gwh per year from the second year.
Working together to open up the Japanese storage and recycling market, promote the spread of renewable energy in Japan, and promote the introduction of national batteries into the Japanese market 4 operational drivers: the open space of overseas markets and the accelerated deployment of offshore policies 4.1: the introduction of the European-American policy and the need for a seaboard strategy
Europe: Carbon emission restrictions are stringent, and the New Battery Act forces industrial chain enterprises to invest in Europe. In November 2019, the European Commission proposed that the EU plan to achieve carbon by 2050 come into force, and that the EU establish stricter average carbon emission standards for automobile companies: for the period 2020-2024, new annually.
On 17 August of that year, the EU Code of Batteries and Waste Batteries (the “New Batteries Act”), which applies to all types of batteries placed on the EU market, in the case of carbon footprint rules, carbon footprint accounting, supply chain, entered into force.