The Shanghai Bank published its first report on the performance of listed banks in 2020, raising the annual net profit to 2.89 per cent from 7.99 per cent in the previous three quarters and 0.91 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Up to 1.90%. Corporate valuations are below industry averages, corporate valuations are expected to be restored when performance is good, year-round performance is on track, asset structure is optimized, four quarters performance is excellent, net profits are positive in the year-on-year period.
Shanghai Bank’s excellent performance in the fourth quarter of 2020, which boosted the company’s annual revenue/net profit as compared to the previous three quarters – 0.91 per cent/-7.99 per cent to 1.90 per cent/2.89 per cent. The country’s economy steadily improved in the four quarters, with projected fees rising faster than in the previous three quarters.
With a steady asset quality performance in the four quarters, the firm ' s provision has been reduced, resulting in a net gain for the year as compared to the increase in the previous three quarters, which is greater than the pre-allocation profit.
The size of the company ' s assets in the four quarters increased 10.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis and slowed down over the three quarters (+11.7 per cent, yoy), and the company ' s $20 billion debt-transfer plan was approved by the CSRC in November 2020, which we believe could supplement core-level capital after the transfer, and support the firm ' s steady expansion in its future operations.
At the end of the debt, total corporate deposits increased by 9.37 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a slight decline in the balance of deposits at the end of the three-quarter period (57.85 per cent) The Shanghai Bank ' s bad rate at the end of 2020 was 1.22 per cent as compared to the three-quarter period; the provision coverage rate decreased by 6.7 per cent to 321 per cent from the three-quarter period, and the lending ratio decreased by 8bp to 3.92 per cent from the three-quarter period.
The firm’s operations have taken root in Shanghai, with regional economic advantages, and the firmness of the company’s business has helped to reduce the pressure on the company’s asset quality.
Downside economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than anticipated, regulatory controls that are more than anticipated.
The performance of the Shanghai Bank in the fourth quarter of 2020, which pushed the company ' s annual recovery/net profit up at a rate of -0.91 per cent/-7.99 per cent to 1.90 per cent/2.89 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The size of the annual net profit increase over the previous three quarters (the previous three quarters - 0.1 per cent vs year-on-year) was higher than the pre-arranged profit (the size of the previous three quarters - 0.1 per cent vs year-on-year), with the Shanghai Bank ' s assets increasing by 10.1 per cent year-on-year and slower than the three quarters (+11.7 per cent, yoy), but the structure was more optimized, with total loans at year-end rising by 44.6 per cent and by almost 1 percentage point from the end of the three quarters (43.65 per cent).
The debt release plan was approved by the CSRC in November 2020, and we believe that the transfer of debt will complement core-level capital and support the firm’s steady expansion of its future operations. At the end of the debt, total corporate deposits increased by 9.37% over the year, accounting for more than three quarters (57.85%) Shanghai, with regional economic advantages, and economic stability will also contribute to firm asset quality performance and reduce the pressure to make provision.
Shanghai Bank released the first Shanghai Bank ' s 2020 performance report, raising the annual net profit to 2.89 per cent in the third quarter of the year compared to 7.99 per cent in the previous quarter, and the increase to 1.90 per cent in the third quarter of the same quarter. We believe that Shanghai Bank ' s year-round performance has resulted in a strong signal that the market ' s willingness to configure the bank block will improve, and that the overall performance of the listed banks will need to be followed by attention.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the business and profitability of the real economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development of the enabling entity in 2021 will continue, but if interest rate controls or supermarkets are allowed to anticipate, or influence, the performance of the bank’s profits.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)