Shanghai Bank (601229): The first listings were quick, and the net profit boom was sending positive signals. On 8 January, Shanghai Bank published a 2020 performance report.
The Shanghai Bank was established on 29 December 1995 with a flat headquarters; provision coverage of 321.4 per cent and a decrease of 6.7 pct per quarter. It is located in Shanghai.
With the core value of “precision, trust and integrity”, the year-round recovery, net profit growth and profitability have improved significantly in recent years through the promotion of professionalization and fine management.
This is 1.9%, 3.1%, and positive (0.9%, 0.0%, for the previous three quarters). The service level is increasing in the last four quarters. Inclusive finance, supply chain finance, single-season revenue, pop, 10.8%, 13.6%, and revenue-side improvements, respectively.
Financial innovation, human finance, investment banks, trading banks, net interest differentials, sizes are all making a positive contribution, in the context of better physical financing needs, the marginal tightening of credit supply, cross-border banking, financial markets, consumer finance, old-age finance,
At the same time, with sound asset quality, four seasons of online finance have emerged. In recent years, Shanghai Silver has reduced the build-up, with 4q20 single season asset impairment losses of $3.68 billion, compared to the ring.
Managing the trend in financial science and technology to provide more intelligent and professional services, constantly meeting the growing diversity of enterprises and individual clients, and maintaining an optimal asset structure and a higher rate of credit growth.
At the end of 2020, the Shanghai Bank’s non-performing loan rate was 1.22%, with a flat ring. The provision covers 32,1.38%, the product quality pressure is low or low, and the credit cost pressure relief is expected to drive the profit recovery.
We have emphasized that the current economic recovery in the country is resilient, with policies focused on continuity, sustainability, and a gradual improvement in the banking environment.
Credit risk, liquidity pressure, and narrow net interest differential pressure are expected to ease; the built-in need to add bank capital to the demand, and the profit release space expands. Shanghai Bank is the first listed bank to disclose its performance fast.
The pressure has been significantly reduced, helping to boost the market’s confidence in the improvement of the fundamentals of the market. We conclude that the overall profitability of the industry will be better than expected.
Predominant advantages and a good credit environment, with a marked regional advantage. 2) The company ' s retail transformation has been steadily advancing, with sustained consumption finance, wealth management, the three main features of old-age finance, and the position of old-age finance in the Shanghai market steadily increasing. 3) 4q20 performance has improved, exceeded expectations, asset structures have been optimized and asset quality has improved.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the Shanghai Bank (601229): the first short notice of the company's performance, and the net profit boom is sending a positive signal.
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Shanghai Bank (601229): The first short report on the performance of the listed bank, where the net profit boom is sending positive signals and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.