A study of the dynamics of the world economy (603369.sh)
Around $3.1 billion in net profits. The latest announcement shows that the company collected $8.365 billion in the last three quarters, and we think that the company's income is nearly at its disposal.
(b) Integration of the Ministry of Brand Management into the Ministry of Culture; (c) merger of the Ministry of Marketing with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Industry and formation of the Department of Marketing.
In the last three quarters, the main single items have been growing at a relatively high rate, with a low base of light, v 3, and a relatively higher rate of single-way growth. We believe that the current general context of light, v3 and single-link power has kept up with a high growth rate of 10 billion revenue.
The security of access is also an indispensable and vital support of the company’s last billion years. v 3 and 6 staggered cards have different roles to play. The leading leaders in the provinces, with the highest growth rates in the Zhejiang, Jiangxi and Anhui regions, we recognize.
A new breakthrough is expected for the coming years outside the province. Macroeconomic downside risks, growth below expectations, v series growth below expectations, out-of-provincial expansion, etc.
II. The Worms of the World (603369): The Power of the Nation Releasing and Helping the Company ' s Ten Billion Targets 3; The Worms of the World (603369): Second Quarter Summary
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short and medium term, a share of the potential; in thinking about the white wine board, there is an in-depth market for the Su wine; in June 2023, Sha Yannan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study. Xiaobang State: Master of Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa: 3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering beer and halogen
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.