On December 28, 2023, the Episode of Main Business Data was published.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn According to the 2022 annual report, the company's business target in 2023 was $10 billion for the total battalion.
In the last three quarters, the main single items have been growing at a relatively high rate, with a low base of light, v3, and a relatively higher rate of single-way growth. We believe that in the current general context, low-end, v3 and single-way relays have been growing at a high rate.
The security of access is also an indispensable and vital support of the company’s late billion years. V3 and VI split cards, each playing a different role.
According to the test, 2024 is the last year of the test, and the requirements are as follows: 1) based on the 2021 harvest, requiring a 75-square value for the same industry or for the target firm; 2) based on the 2021 deduction.
Non-net profits are not less than $3.092 billion and are not lower than the average for the same industry or against the benchmark.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, growth below expectations, growth of the v series below expectations, out-of-country expansion, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Xiao Yanan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study in June 2023 Xiaosheng State: Master of Arts from Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3 study experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.