The structure of the product has been upgraded in three quarters to target 10 billion dollars in advance.
The income growth rate for the third quarter was 28 per cent, with the target of $10 billion for the year in sight. In the first three quarters, the company achieved a gross operating income of $8.37 billion, an increase of 28.3 per cent over the previous three quarters; in the net return profit of $2.64 billion for the mother, an increase of $2.39 billion over the same period; in the current gross operating income of $2.39 billion, an increase of 28.0 per cent over the same period; and in the net return of $590 million for the mother, an increase of $590 million over the same period.
The income of the ta+/tea group is showing good performance and the product structure is on track. q3 company ta+ products received $1.62 billion, an increase of 24.5 per cent over the previous quarter. Remedial demand for the ceremonial scenes in Wangqian Province is still in place. Market cultivation is still under way; ta products generated $50 million, an increase of 39.9 per cent over the same period.
The dollar price has a fast-growing dividend, continuing its bright performance for the first half of the year at the banquet and the public drinking scene, with a 0.5 pcts) increase, product structure upgrades driving single q3 Māori increases from 1.1 pcts to 80.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, provincial markets continue to contract, and the advantage areas increase at a robust rate.
Growth of 93.0 per cent, with the core market Xiaoyan/Nanjing region increasing by 27.5 per cent to 18.3 per cent and mature areas remaining at a steady rate of growth; q3 in Central Su region increasing by 38.7 per cent to 38.7 per cent in the first half of the year, with companies optimizing the distribution structure, and 10 additional distributors in Central Su during the third quarter of the year, which could be fully released; and South Sunan/Liaoan region co-existing
This represents an increase of 27.3 per cent/27.9 per cent, q3 out-of-provincial income of $166 million, an increase of 40.37 per cent over the same period. The volume of market revenues in the corporate and out-of-provincial sectors is still small. In early July, the merger management and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs were working for the Ministry of Marketing to focus on building model markets for resources, and growth elasticity is expected to be released.
q3 sales cost 17.6%, compared to +4.5pcts, mainly as a result of increased consumer culture and advertising in the three quarters of the season, and an increase in the rate of win-win and pay-off in the red bag to promote end-of-service and bottle-opening rates; q3 management cost 4.1%.
The overall pace of returns in the provinces was slightly faster than last year, and as of the end of the third quarter, the company contract had increased by 31 per cent the income of the second quarter of the present year (603369.sh).
The debt was 1.31 billion yuan, representing an increase of 182 million yuan in the ring; q3 sales received 3.32 billion yuan, an increase of 4.3 per cent in the same year.
In the last three quarters, the company achieved a gross revenue of 8.37 billion yuan, a 28.3 per cent increase, and a net profit of 2.64 billion yuan, a 26.6 per cent increase.
The net profit not attributable to the mother was 2.64 billion yuan, an increase of 27.3 per cent over the same period. The company achieved gross operating income of 2.39 billion yuan in the single quarter, an increase of 28.0 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the return to the mother was 590 million yuan, an increase of 26.4 per cent over the same period; and the net profit from the deduction to the mother was 590 million yuan, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the same period.
The income from the ta+/tea product group is showing good performance and the product structure is on track. q3 company income from the ta+ product group is $1.620 billion, an increase of 24.5 per cent over the same period, and the demand for back-to-back dinner scenes in the three quarters of Wangjian Province is still on, k series growth is robust, four-way, and the projected growth is 20-25 per cent, v series is a steady push for market growth;
The income from the special category of products was $50 million, a 39.9 per cent increase over the previous year, of which lightly benefited from a fast-growing dividend of $100 in prices, with a higher than overall increase in the first half of the year ' s bright performance in the banquet and in the popular drinking scene. The Māori ratio of the Q3 class-driven single-q3 company increased by 1.1 pcts to 80.7 per cent over the same period.
Intra-provincial markets continue to contract well and the dominant areas are growing at a robust rate. q3 companies earn 2.22 billion yuan, an increase of 93.0 per cent over the same period, with the core market Xiao An/Nanjing region growing by 27.5 per cent and 18.3 per cent over the same period, and mature regions remaining stable at a robust rate; q3 in Central Su grew by 38.7 per cent over the same period; companies optimized the distribution structure in the first half of the year; and third quarter Su
The growth was fully released by the addition of 10 distributors; the South Sudan/Liaoan region was still relatively small in comparison with the previous year, and growth elasticity was expected to be released in early July under the merger management and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the Ministry of Marketing, with a focus on resource-building as a model market.
Increased spending and a slightly faster rate of return than last year. q3 sales cost 17.6%, compared to +4.5 pcts, mainly as a result of increased consumer culture and advertising in the three quarters of the season, with an increase in the rate of win-win and pay-off in the red bag, to promote end-of-service and bottle-opening rates; q3 management cost 4.1%, compared to the same rate; and cost increases.
The net interest rate has fallen slightly between 0.3 pcts and 24.5%. After two periods, the company basically completed its provincial repayments, and the overall pace was slightly faster than last year, at the end of the third quarter, the company’s contractual liability was 1.31 billion yuan, with an increase in the ring by 182 million yuan, and the sales of q3 by 3.32 billion yuan, with an increase of 4.3 per cent.q3 companies’ operating cash flow of 1.18 billion yuan.
This represents a 12.2 per cent decrease over the same period (mainly due to increased sales costs).
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject