4q16 losses have been anticipated, with concern for beer events: 16 years of publication of Qingdao beer with 26.1 billion revenues in 16 years, a drop of 5.5 per cent;
Revenues of $3.07 billion, a 7.5 per cent decline from the same period; net profit losses of $80 million from the same period were sustained. The downward trend in sales was slightly reduced, and structural upgrades were shown. 16-year-old sales fell by 6.6 per cent from the same figure, while 4016 sales fell 6.4 per cent from the same quarter, and the downward trend was slightly reduced.
The industry shares the same trend, presumably because the base is low after the successive drops in beer. Of these, 4016 Qingji Island's main brand sales fell by 2% on a year-on-year basis, far less than the sub-brand (-12%), the court was involved in the company's aggressive sports marketing and promotion of the Qingdao brand image; and high-end products.
August, Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South and South-East, and China, China, China, China, South and South-East, respectively, registered an increase of 0.05 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively.
A 15% decline, 39% decline, and a larger drop in the blisters of Huayun and Bhu Weiwei, reflecting a more pronounced regional distribution of beer. Sources have found a similar decline in sales in January-February 17 years, with a continuing trend of narrowness.
The Māori rate recovered slightly, and the base and tax factors led to a significant loss in net profit when the base was lost. When the shares of Shanghai Investment Corporation were purchased, the procurement model shifted to internal costs, resulting in a decrease in the cost of the barley.
This decline has all contributed positively to the Māori rate, but the price of packages such as paper boxes has increased considerably, at 31.3% for 4016, a slight increase of 0.4 pct over the same period. The historical reasons have led to a difference of approximately 338 million in the implementation of the 98-07 income tax preference rates by the public authorities, with a 3015 turn.
The two factors add up to a high investment return of $415 million. Excluding these two factors, the net profit of 4016 is only 4015 less than the net profit, with the company ' s Māori ratio remaining on the rise for 17 years, influenced by a low base and a 35% increase in net profit.
▪ Concerned about new changes that may occur in the competition of firms and in the integration of industries. The beer industry is large enough to maintain its current level. The heavy beer demonstration effect is clear, with firms moving from “market grab” to “profit-making” strategies.
In addition, the beer industry, which is more than 70%, has a high concentration and competition, which does not preclude future mergers and acquisitions, according to industry development patterns.
1. Qingdao Beers: New changes in industry, new opportunities for beer, and changes in the pattern of competition for companies, taking into account the overall increase in profit margins that may result from competition in the industry, are cause for concern.
• Provides opportunities for improvement, with price increases covering up costs and maintaining an “enhanced” investment rating. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an advisory board on portfolio investment