Tumours, anesthesia, phantoms, exports of the four Great Kongs.
Heung Swe Medicines (600276) Annual Report 2016 Annual Report, 2016. The Heung Swe Medicines published the annual report for 2016. The company achieved operating income of $11,094 million, an increase of 19.08 per cent in 2016, attributable to $1 billion, an increase of 19.30 per cent in the same year.
Dollars, 1.007 per cent increase in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, $653 million, or 10.36 per cent increase in the same year. Real 1, performance met expectations, with tumors, anaesthesia, shadowing, export of four major gold surges. Revenues increased by 15.72 per cent, slightly lower than in the previous three quarters, while q4 recorded an increase of 10.07 per cent, partly because of the 15-year q4 performance base.
High, on the other hand, is the result of an increase in the cost of q4 sales: the top three lines of the company, for example, were superior in terms of anti-cancer, anesthesia, and film agents, with revenues of $4.83 billion, $3.3 billion and $1.31 billion, respectively, and by terms of products, the combined company ' s output and sample hospital terminals were extrapolated:
Anaesthetic line: The right metomy and heptafluoroalkanes show remarkable performance, with the right upswing at over 40%, the right upswing at about 20%, and the acreage ammonium still earning more than 10%.
Shape agent: Iodine bottol increases by 20% and Iodine gsalol increases by more than 50%. Figure 1: Apadaloni sample hospital sales. 2017 export of overseas preparations is expected to be a double-danda+income year.
The increase in the market share of phosphorous ammonium heptafluoroamide, aromatic ammonium, and Dosita, combined, is expected to result from new approvals, which, through the analysis of dmf, are expected to result in approvals for the varieties of hydrofluoroalkane, carpeta, sulfurda liver sodium, platinum, platinum, and carpofine for the years 2017-2018. The total sale of these varieties is expected to reach US$ 120 million. (Table 2)
In terms of domestic preparations, there are a lot of oncology lines: Apateni is expected to enter the negotiating list and maintain a high rate of growth.
Anti-infection line: Capofin was approved for net production through a priority review, and sales are expected to reach 200-300 million in 1-2 years.
The priority review is expected to reach 200-300 million. A new growth point in the country is emerging: the first copy of the follow-up test in the priority review queue, and the right metomic spray of hydrochloric acid, sulfonic liver to sodium skeletal ol, have been introduced into the new health insurance catalogue, and it is expected that approval will be accompanied by rapid roll-out of the original research.
Figure 2: Sales at the Erie Scheffer Sample Hospital.
During the year, the company obtained seven clinical batches of innovative medicines (table 3), 36 clinical batches of generic pharmaceuticals, 2 batches of manufacture of generic pharmaceutical preparations (net carpofine, diazepine iodine oil injection fluids), 9 product reference formulations were submitted and the bio-equivalency tests of four products were completed. Fifthly, patent applications and maintenance were successfully carried out, 116 new applications were submitted in the country, 31 new applications for international pct were submitted and 17 were authorized in mainland China.
In 2017, seven innovative drugs were approved, including the most recent hot spots in the world, the power of innovation is evident, and the group of innovative products has gradually emerged. Notably, Shr-a1403 was the first antibody doll in a Chinese company to obtain US-approved clinical approval.
Continuing innovative drug layouts provide companies with more potential flashpoints for the future, while signalling that the company's transition from an imitation drug to an innovative drug has taken place.
From the beginning of 2017 to the present, Heung Swe has been granted two dods (Dositas, Alcuku ammonium), and several products in its declared product lines are expected to be approved in 17 years. We believe that 17 years will be a year of massive abstinence. Many of the dods will be approved and placed on the market to boost Heung Swe’s performance.
Table 3: An overview of Heung Swe 2017-2018, the domestic market for the export of preparations to combat breastfeeding, is expected to be followed by a review of priorities
Hexafluoroane, Dositas, and Atraku ammonium have been approved overseas for the benefit of the domestic market. Hexafluoroalkanes and Atraku ammonium are all 1 billion class varieties in the national anesthesia line, and the rate of increase has remained stable. Hexafluorane increased by about 20% in 16 years, and Atraku ammonium increased by about 10%.
At 5%. According to the sample hospital data, the Dosita market is now number one, surpassing Sénofi, and sales revenue is stable. We believe that heptafluoroane, acquit ammonium, Dosita formulations are expected to benefit from the quality advantages of overseas certification in the future, especially the Dosi Taser, and are expected to grow further by increasing their market share.
The first high-quality species of Capofin were approved through the Priority Review Channel, which was the first to be approved by Hsing Swe. After that, Hsing Ssi ' s first copy in the Priority Review Team was a right-wing methomic spray, a sulfadoxin to sodium injection fluid, a hysterol injection fluid, a pallized ol injection fluid, and an injection of purple filamentol (teprotein combination), the basics and points of view are given in table 4.
A clinical batch has been obtained and is expected to accelerate listing through a priority review.
The company’s earnings are expected to increase at a rate of about 20%. In addition, 2017 is expected to be the year of Heinand’s eruption, while several of the first varieties are expected to benefit from a higher priority review. We look forward to the company’s long-term development and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Overseas business is growing at a slower rate than expected, and there is a risk of innovative medicine development, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial intelligence in the East.
Zhang Kim Yung, head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team leader, first list in 2016, and second non-public list in 2016. Seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, third team in 2015
Core member: Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Economics, Beijing University; and Master of Science, Kings Business School, three years old. Served in the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., Min Seong Securities Company Ltd., Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., July 2016.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.