March 20, 2020.
Performance rating 2019: robust year-round performance, extended M&As, strong performance in 2019 issued by the C.I.S. Bonds. The company achieved an increase of 43.2 billion yoys by 16.0 per cent in 2019, a net gain of $12.3 billion and an increase of 30.9 per cent corresponding to roe 7.8 per cent of the boom in the equity market in 2019.
In the context of increased direct financing at the regulatory level, credit securities are supposed to benefit.
The formerly lower interest rates are also expected to improve the liability of bond dealers. In terms of valuation, the current valuation is relatively reasonable. Net annual gains ranged from 30.9% to $12.3 billion: Sino-Port securities issued performance in 2019, companies achieved $43.1 billion, yoy 15.9%, net gains of $12.2 billion, yoy 30.2%, right?
In terms of single-season performance, 4q2019 achieved an increase of 10.4 billion yoy by 3.5 per cent, and the base period and income tax caused a disturbance of the net gain of 4q: the company ' s operating profit grew by 5.7 per cent, although the market was active and the roll-out of the science and innovation panels, which boosted the performance of the bond dealers. The equity market has returned since 2019.
Warm provides a better boost to the performance of the stockbrokers: on the brokering side, it benefits from an upturn in market turnover (a total stock market of 127 trillion in 2019, 41 per cent increase in yoy), and on the other hand, the increase in business generated by the scheme is reflected not only in investment income, but also in bond sales and sales.
Floating gains (better performance in 2019). Further rebounds in the market of 4q2019 and increased self-investment elasticity: further rebounds in the market have also created better conditions for warmer operations. More specifically, self-investment in yoy.
184 to 4.3 billion, and 8.9 to 1.7 billion in brokering. In addition, corporate investment schedules, extended M & As, which are now doing much better through extended M & As, central securities.
The purchase of securities in Guangzhou has been completed, completed, and completed. The purchase of securities in China will further complement its operations in the South China region and boost its market share.
Natenedtototototopopopopopopatotopatotopopopopatotopopopopatotopopopatotopopopatotopatotopopopopatotopatotopopopopapatoto for the future. On the policy front, there is unprecedented commitment on the part of the regulatory level to strongly support capital market development, leading to greater revenue from the Chamber of Commerce (e.g. regulatory level refers to the construction of a carrier-class voucher).
Lower future interest rates and the relative benefits of the bond market share in the financial sector are reflected mainly in the end-of-the-liabilities schemedeept. expected remuneration (expected return; er), as described below:
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd. and by the Group Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report was not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report. _Capitalgare#2iiiTaibei Hong Kong Shanghai 20 March 2020