Company rating. Securities industry. March 22, 2020.
The company published its annual report for 2019. 1) Performance is at the top of the industry and balance sheet expansion accelerates. In 2019, the company achieved business income of $4.340 billion, an increase of 15.90 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother.
At the same time, firms have accelerated balance-sheet expansion by leveraging additional financial assets up to the end.
To benefit from the warmer and superior investment capacity of the equity market, the company performed well on its own, and the investment collection provided information for the preparation of this report, resulting in an increase in the rate of return. As of the end of 2019, equity fund allocation in the company ' s traded financial assets was achieved.
Long-term enterprises, with a macro-asset allocation perspective, continue to adhere to absolute yield orientation and achieve robust growth in performance. Fixed-income investment areas, with companies improving credit research and risk management capabilities, strengthening bond markets, trading groups of bonds yielding far more than the middle-debt composite index rate of return.
Corporate client demand, maintaining a business pattern with a broad client base, a rich supply of products and relatively stable returns.
In 2019, the net revenue from the company’s investment portfolio was $4,465 million, an increase of 22.71 per cent over the previous year, which is a significant improvement from 2018. The improved performance of the company is expected to benefit from the increased circulation of the venture boards. By the end of 2019, the company, as a insurance agency/main underwriter, had declared 22 projects, of which 9 were completed.
All right. The firm maintains a leading edge in the recapitalization of equity and M & As. The company a is ranked first in the distribution of equity. Of these, the ipo is responsible for 28 items with a total of $45.13 million, which is equal to the increase in the volume of major asset restructuring transactions for a share of approximately $163.3 billion, and the industry is ranked first.
4. The transformation of the wealth management of brokering operations has continued with the expansion of the spread of financing-type operations. In 2019, companies achieved a net revenue of $7,425 million in brokering, a 0.05 per cent decrease in the same year; in 2019, companies promoted the development of a system of industry-wide, customer-wide classification services; and streamlined and enriched targeting.
A system of investment products and services for ultra-high-value clients; deep application of technology such as artificial intelligence, big data, and autonomous creation of a wealth management platform that combines “product sales, investment advisers, asset allocation”; optimization of internal organizational structures, rationalization of wealth management promotion systems from headquarters to branch offices, and use of branch offices as a platform for wealth management
By the end of 2019, the number of clients of corporate wealth management and assets had increased by 15% and 39%, respectively. In addition, the company had achieved full coverage of 31 provincial and municipal networks in the interior of China.
In 2019, based on company performance release data, the size of the management of the company was rising slightly, with the share of active management rising. In 2019, net revenue from corporate asset management was $5.707 billion, a decrease of 2.18 per cent.
By the end of 2019, the company had taken the initiative to manage $6,98,284 million, representing the total size of asset management.
Controlled, restarted and orderly progress, economic resilience remained strong, and markets remained high in the medium to long term. Capital market deepening was still on track, new securities laws were implemented, new registration systems were fully implemented, new refinancing regulations were loose, and the Fund’s investment in pilot projects offered opportunities for a transformation of wealth management, an improved business environment for bond dealers, and business space.
The firm’s leadership is strong, its operational advantages are significant, its operations are balanced, its combined strength is strong, its potential to pre-empt the benefits of capital market system reform dividends and its ability to build, sustain, grow and profit. We look forward to the future of the company, combining the company’s fundamentals and shares.
The risk of a new coronary epidemic having an over-expected macroeconomic impact, and the risk of market fluctuations having a high operational impact.