CMW (6000030): The capitalization process is proceeding in an orderly manner, and performance certainty is increasing.
Companies are the largest securities companies in the country.
Underwriting and insurance; self-employment of securities; asset management of securities; credit instruments; equity fund swaps; long-term company offers for intermediate presentation of business.
Keeps or gets ahead of the wheel. The company focuses on the centre of the real economy of services, further refining the financing arrangements, wealth managers, transaction services and liquidity providers,
Five key players in the market, key investors and risk managers, continue to reshape and consolidate core competitiveness. Companies depend on the top. From a breakdown of business, the company’s investment, management and direct investment + private equity investment is “absorption”
Shareholders form an integrated business model of CBMs with such companies as the Sino-Bank Bank, the Sino-Trust Trust, the Shinto Life Insurance, etc., and work with the Sino-International Financial Control Unit to provide assistance to clients.
1. In the case of investment operations, the three main segments of corporate equity underwriting, bond underwriting, and M & As restructuring are among the top players in the industry, with a steady increase in market share. The opening board has generated nearly 500 million revenue gains for the company; and the size and market ranking of offshore equity financing and cross-border M & As operations have also increased significantly.
The annual profit distribution forecast increases the ratio of gold dividends to 50.06 per cent per 10 shares, with the overall size and the size of the active management ranking among the industry.
In recent years, the project’s exit cycle has been shrinking, the exit time has been highly fragmented, the credibility of the project is in the order of hundreds of millions of dollars, and it is expected that in the years ahead, the project’s creation and investment will become an important profit contributor to the company.
East Hing Securities Report (60030): The process of capitalization is proceeding in an orderly manner, with increased certainty of performance, while the major lines of business are fully flowered, the profits of the company's overseas operations, represented by Sin-Lion, are significantly reduced and become a “minus flaw” in the annual report.
In the wake of the new crown epidemic, regulatory attention to the securities sector has shifted gradually from “control leveraging” to “restructuring structures” and “promoting innovation.” Industry resources have continued to converge, and companies, as domestic bond dealers, will continue to reap the dividends of market reforms and innovation.
At the right time, the company was able to fill the short layout of the South China region at a lower cost, to transform wealth management into high-value, net customer resources, and to extend its operations to South-East Asia, to add boosters, to increase the net capital of the company after the acquisition, and to strengthen the industry’s niche. Value, maintaining the “recommended” rating.
Lower macroeconomic risks, downside risks in capital markets, liquidity risks, tighter regulatory risks, external risks such as the non-conquer epidemic, company failure to meet the expected risks, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, the source of Eastern financial booms.
East Hing Securities Corporation Report (600030): The capitalization process is proceeding in an orderly manner, and performance certainty is increasing.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master of Science, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, five years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and tenth in the 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.