20 March 2020: Sino-Sin securities (600030.sh) announced on the evening of 19 March, achieving business income of $43.14 billion in 2019, an increase of 15.9 per cent in comparison with the share of the parent company.
The expansion of Wang Qing Dynasty is due to an increase in the allocation of financial assets, in addition to self-investment, a larger proportion of which comes from customer-serving assets, with less exposure to risk. To benefit from the return of the market, the company performed well in its own business, with a net income of $18.748 billion in 2019, compared to +165%.
The return on domestic financial assets increased by 75bps. The rate of return increased significantly, together with the launch of the venture board and pilot registration system, with the completion of 81 shares under a master ' s underwriting project in mid-2019, with a major underwriting of $27.98 billion, corresponding to +56.93 per cent, with a city accounting for 18.16 per cent, and industry ranking first; bond underwriting, with a bond and asset securitization cover of $10.153 billion in 2019,
The value of derivatives at the end of the company’s operations was $14.03 billion in nominal terms, an increase of 46 per cent from the beginning of the year, with equity derivatives of financial instruments, brokering, and the transformation of wealth management having been at the same level as last year. In 2019, the net revenue from brokerage fees was $7.425 billion, or -0.05 per cent, which was almost the same as in 2018. Over 8.7 million retail customers of companies and 37,000 institutional customers in the country, with a combined hosting of $5.8 trillion.
In the context of the new regulatory transition, industry de-accession has led to a shrinking of the size of the securities portfolio over the past year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
\triangleright Wang Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprise, University of Duren, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Enterprise, and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, and was employed in the Sino-Kinji Portfolio, the Chinese-Kindu Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, in charge of non-monetary financial research.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 to conduct research in the non-banking financial sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.