Events: company annual report, 2019, with revenue of $43.14 billion, an increase of 15.9 per cent over the year; net return to mother $12.23 billion, an increase of 30.23 per cent, corresponding to eps of $1.01 per share; net return to mother
▪ The year 2019 saw a significant rise in performance, with returns on investment driving performance growth. 1) The 2019 boom, with the industry ' s overall net profit averaging +84.8 per cent, influenced by a high 2018 base, and companies achieving a return of self-investment averaging +97.5 to 15.9 billion yuan a year, the core driver of performance growth,
The return on investment will be between +165.1% and $18.75 billion (receivables from the disposal of financial instruments will be reversed to provide solutions such as risk management, asset allocation, hedging, etc.) to clients.
Companies are increasingly strengthening their differentiated core competitiveness, and are expected to contribute more robustly in the future. In the context of deepening capital market reforms, ipo fund-raising in 2019 was close to the equity financing market, according to the same ratio of 84% to 253.3 billion yuan.
The development and focus of the project (81 items under a head of stock, ranked first, 22 items under a contract), which resulted in an increase of 22.7 per cent in investment income over the same year, and a significant increase in the ipo city share, the transformation of wealth management, which is expected to contribute more robust income in the future.)
The company returns to active management of its source, develops equity products, services the real economy, and manages on a larger scale than at the beginning of the year, raising 13.3% of the market share in asset management operations, ranking first in the industry.
The strategy is to increase the company's capacity to serve the South China region and to better serve the country's “Tao Bay District” as the first middle-income dealer to enter the Korean derivatives market, with new transactions covering Canada, China and China.
Markets like Japan, Europe, etc. also provide customers with global market derivatives through trading counters like Hong Kong, China, Singapore, London, etc. Companies will continue to invest fully in international standards, promote diversification of operations, integrate offshore customer relations and service capabilities in their subsidiaries, and upgrade international services.
1. Sino-Sin securities (600030): Acquisitions, big-time, high-performance expectations, etc., all create a favourable environment for the development of coupons and the consolidation of corporate power in the industry.
Prominent position, with increased core competitiveness in operations such as derivatives, the strongest 2, Sino-Sin securities (600030): middle-reporting profitability projections and investment ratings: firm growth in corporate performance in 2019 and rapid growth in derivative instruments
With the completion of the Guangzhou securities acquisition, the consolidation of the regulatory drive, policy easing, such as the parent-supplier orientation + the new refinancing regulations, is long-term good for the future of its stockholders.
The new crown epidemic is not under control as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board