How do you see the main trade space and second-curve opportunities? Energy beverage races are growing at a high rate of 16.7 per cent for 13-22 years and 15 years for Red Bulls.
After falling into a copyright dispute, the industry has had a chance of restructuring. With the value of the product, its channels, precision, and the rapid rise of branding, Nelson's data show that the number of sales in the country was first in 21 years, with the city accounting for 40.9% in 22 years and a new product in 23 years.
Market value (RMB): $18,676 per capita consumption/unit price for fast-discharges (23h1 other beverages, 350 million yuan, compared with 93 per cent) triggering market closure 1. How much room for growth in the main industry? 1) per capita consumption/unit price: at the end of the company ' s 22nd year
Per capita consumption and consumption unit prices in the region are used as a reference range for sensitivity analysis, drawing on the central point of the East Peng Beverage Company: Performance over-expected, looking good at the second curve growth potential, resulting in a final national sales of 24.8 to 31.7 billion yuan.
2023.8.6 Transportation scenes are highly relevant, with sales equivalent to about $0.56 per unit of cargo in two broad areas.
3) Working population: extension of the application of energy beverages, 2023.4.22 general, with both physical and mental workers as core consumers in 22 years, and 16-59 regions in 22 years.
3. East Peng Beverage Review: Performance exceeded expectations, looking at 23 years of accelerated per capita sales of $35 per person, culminating in national sales of about $30.8 billion.2 Why is electrolytic water running fast? 1) Industry space wide, mature overseas.
The amount of motor drinks per person is about two to three times the amount of energy drinks. Electrolysis water is used as a breakdown of the motor drinks, accelerating consumer education through the epidemic, increasing by about 50% in 22 years. Only 46%, well below 80% in mature countries.
The sales broke by 1 billion, surpassing BMW's best rivals first. 3) The company canals are well built, and the brands are well coordinated. The distribution network is becoming more and more complete on the market (23H1 net of 3.3 million, 21H1 of only 1.79 million) and energy beverages can be reused.
End-of-life channels, publicity programmes, marketing strategies, and rapid marketing of new products.3 How can we learn from the expanded thinking of the farmers' springs? Farmer's springs open up new growth points through a variety of expansions, at the heart of which are differentiated paths and opportunities to break down the track.
Experience with the rapid growth of sugar tea, nfc juice, we think the expansion is in three directions: 1) vertical: adherence to the “energy beverages plus” matrix, design of products that meet the needs of different populations. 2) Horizontal: search for opportunities in other major groups, carbonic acid, tea, coffee beverages, etc.
Healthy transformation, using older products as new products, extending the life cycle of products. 3) Cross-cutting: combining bubbles, juices, tea beverages with energy beverages to meet consumer demand.
Quality water has a high potential to add to the second curve, and we give companies a measure of the value of increased competition in the market, higher prices for raw materials, less than expected promotion of new products, miscalculations, and more services.
First, the main business is solid and the growth space is open, and the 1.1 industry is in the middle of a long-term, with a lost career creating opportunities.
Energy beverages are products that contain a certain amount of energy and add an appropriate amount of nutrients or other specific ingredients that can supplement the energy of the organism, or that accelerate energy release and absorption, which have the effect of “strength-resistant” and can be tied to the depth of multiple consumption scenarios. The repurchase rate and large individual effects of energy beverages are evident because of their addiction, functionality, etc.
In horizontal contrast, energy beverages are at the top of the soft drinks sub-classification, with our energy beverage sales increasing at a combined rate of 16.7% in 2013-2022, far exceeding the highly addictive, i.e. coffee-drinking, and bottled water items with rising penetration rates. In vertical contrast, our energy beverage market is growing at a much faster rate than the world average, with an average annual growth rate of two times that of the world.
In 2022, the average per capita consumption of energy beverages was only 2.1 litres per person, and in the United States, Japan, about 9.6 litres per person, 3.7 litres per person, and there was much room for improvement.
In 1995, China’s Red Bull was officially registered in Shenzhen, bringing energy beverages into China and opening the long path to consumer education. The Red Bulls used high-strike tactics in the pre-development period, such as the 1995 launch.
Two hundred million won will follow the evening of spring; in 1996, the Red Bulls organized the Chinese-Thai football match; and in 2003, the Red Bulls became China’s first partner: the 2008 Red Bulls sponsored the Beijing Olympics. Following up on China’s fast-growing 2010-2015 period, consumer growth was gradually realized, and the Red Bulls, as the leader, led the industry into an outbreak of growth.
From 2016 to the present, the Chinese Red Bull has been caught in a dispute with Thailand’s Red Bull trademark “20-50-years” case, and revenue has stagnated and has remained at about $20 billion. At present, the Wabing Group is still applying for international arbitration on the “50-year” agreement.
The downside of China’s red cow is a new opportunity for companies. After a copyright dispute in 2016, the red cow was blocked from marketing, and the channel was blocked.
The company has rapidly made a turn since its listing with products, channels, brands, and three effects. When the city surpassed its physical energy in 2020, the gap between its share of three and four markets was widening, with a decline in physical energy, and in the city of Leuhu.
By contrast with other second-line brands, we believe that companies have the advantage of fine management of channels, a wide audience for brand positioning, and nationalization and expansion. 1) In terms of unit prices, the value of the company ' s products is extremely high, at 0.9 dollars per 100 ml, and is only higher than physical energy, but more effective substances such as bovine sulfonic acid, caffeine, etc. 2), in terms of marketing strategies, the company has a very high value for its products.
The marketing model is richer and more comprehensive than that of his company, through a front-line, side-to-side model of consumption, such as sports, electric competition, job learning, etc.) In terms of regional expansion, the company has been strengthening its market distributors outside the Guangdong, successfully expanding its nationalization.
From 2019 to date, the number of company terminals in the country has grown from 900,000 to 3.3 million, with an average annual growth rate of about 45%. The products are now distributed through traditional urban and rural convenience stores, supermarket chains, gas stations, vending machines, cybercafés, etc.
The centre is located in North and East China, where the terminal is being built at a slower pace. Figure 8: The share of sales in the Guangdong region has been declining since 2017. Figure 9: Market sales outside the Guangdong have increased at a strong rate.
1.2 Large upstream/downstream bargaining power, with scale effects leading to profit growth, suggests that the company ' s raw materials are mostly bulk commodities in terms of upstream bargaining capacity, price fluctuations are relatively manageable, and hedge risks are higher. White sugar, pet polyester slices, paper boxes are the top three raw materials, with average 18-20 values of 22 per cent, 18 per cent, 18 per cent and 22 per cent respectively.
7%. Since 2021, the prices of pet, white sugar, and tiles have been on a constant upward trend, but only declined in the second half of 2022, during which time firms in the industry experienced greater cost pressures and a downward trend in the Māori rate.
Companies have a certain procurement advantage, while locking prices at the start of 2021, effectively cushioning pressure on the price of raw materials. While the Maori rate has growth pressures, the firm’s net interest rate steadily increased in 2019-2022, resulting in a cost-of-scale effect over time, with a low spread and higher returns on investment in property and increasing profitability.
The dominant attributes of Inde Luu Lu and the meadows reflect, to some extent, the company’s ability to negotiate with downstream customers, and its ability to enforce its money-backed policies. Corporate accounts payable/business costs are at a medium level in the industry, to some extent reflecting a more stable relationship between the public and upstream suppliers of raw materials, the ability to pay is healthy, and the price is usually locked at a time.
Figure 12: Corporate Māori performance in the same industry is relatively robust Figure 14: How do you see the main growth space when contractual liabilities/business earnings are higher than those of other companies in the same industry?
In response to market concerns about the main ceiling, we chose the powerful regions of Guangdong and Guangxi as saturated markets, using three methods to be applied throughout the country to measure them, and eventually proved each other. We chose Guangdong and Guangxi as saturated markets. 2) Guangdong and Guangxi are close to mature countries with a per capita consumption of about 7.0 litres of drinking per capita in 2022.
/person, 4.4 litres/person, close to mature markets like the United States, with less room for uplifting. By contrast, the Guangdong and Guangxi regions have a much higher per capita consumption than the national average, and other regions have large markets to develop.
Dismantling per capita sales/units in 2022 in all regions of the country, we found (1) that per capita consumption was 0.2 to 7.0 litres/persons, with China and China having potential for growth, South-West and North-West areas having low consumption, including dietary habits, religious beliefs, etc.
2) The consumer unit price is between 3.9 and 4.6 yuan per litre, and the Guangdong area has a larger model of direct-camp cooperation with the main lower unit price, and local competition is more intense.
Method 2: Based on the volume of cargo, the consumer audience of the company is concentrated in freight drivers, electric campaigners, sports people, and in recent years the company has increased its efforts to develop special access channels such as high-speed service areas, gas stations, etc., to increase product penetration. We believe that the volume of cargo is a reflection of the workload of truck drivers.
The amount of energy beverages is relevant to a certain extent. So we measure the volume of shipments in the Guangxi and Guangdong regions as a national steady state. The volume of shipments corresponds to the amount of 0.56 energy beverages sold.
The cargo volume is $50,663 million, and we expect a national sales volume of $28.3 billion.  Guangdong+Gangxi (million tons)  Guangdong+Gangxi (billions)  Sales/cargo volume (right axis)
The core effect of energy beverages is to be resistant to fatigue, attention, physical and mental work scenes such as work, study, etc., so that the population of appropriate age can be used as the company’s core consumer, and the per capita sales of the population of appropriate age in two broad areas can be extended to the national level.
If we target the level of sales per capita in the Guangdong + Guangxi region, the national sales space is expected to be $30,756 million. The dynamics of substitution, labour growth, longer working hours, etc.
Second, the second curve is budd, electrolytic water is growing fast, and external analysis 2.1: Why is electrolysis a good track?
The emphasis on “water, electrolysis balance” in the official guide published during the epidemic has led to a new round of consumer education and a revival of the industry. A large number of soft drinks companies have strengthened the layout of sports beverages, and in 2023 they launched a new product, “Tung Ping Ping to rehydrate” electricity.
Dehydrated water is intended to create a second growth curve. Sported drinks are designed specifically for physical consumption during sport, and can be tailored to supplement the nutrients lost during sport, mainly sugar, vitamins and electrolysis, while increasing mobility and alleviating post-motion fatigue.
With a total of 12.8 billion yuan and a five-year compound growth rate of 3.9 per cent, the size of the industry has declined during the epidemic, and in recent years it has recovered at a higher rate as the outdoors have opened and health awareness has risen. In 2022, the country participated in two or more physical fitness activities, at about 374 million people per week, and in five years, at a compound rate of about 8.5 per cent, and is expected to see the spread of the gym population in the future.
In view of the pattern of competition in sports beverages in our country, the industry is a champion, with a stable rate of 30% or more, and retail sales in 2022 amounting to approximately $3.83 billion, far more than Pepsi Gatorade/Ponto Mine Waters (10.5%, respectively).
As a result of the rise in the category of broken-down products, we have experienced a gradual decline in sports drinks, which have not yet become a competitive pattern in our industry. In contrast to the rest of the world, China has a low rate of motor drinks penetration of 1.9 per cent in 2022, with an average world share of 2.4 per cent. In terms of concentration, mature sports beverages, which account for more than 80 per cent, compared to 46 per cent in our country, offer opportunities for integration in the industry.
Chart 25: We have a low prevalence of sports beverages, where the dominant brands of early sports beverages are designed for specific groups of people, with limited distribution. As major sporting events rise, sports, beverages have been advertised, consumer audiences have been expanded and branding has been promoted.
Sports drinks accompanied the Chinese sports delegation to the 23rd Olympics in Los Angeles, United States of America, and were hailed by the foreign media as “China's Magic Waters.” In the 1970s, Gatorade became a special offer by the Nfl (National Football League of America) and signed Jordan in 1992 and won a number of nba contests.
At the end of the event, a contract was signed with the Training Directorate of the Directorate-General of National Sports to serve as a security product for the National Team of National Sportsmen of the Directorate-General of Training. The main sporting drink on the market is water, white sugar, alkaline electrolytes (potassium, sodium, calcium, magnesium, food additives, etc.) The core active ingredients are sugar and electrolyte. The electrolyte helps the organism to supplement the elements such as potassium, sodium, etc., so as to relieve the body.
In recent years, sports beverages have been more functional, adding to the Interim Guidelines on Diet Nutrition during the epidemic, which refer to “meaning water, electrolysis balance” or “appropriate supplementation of drinking water with a certain amount of electrolyte” and rapidly completing the concept of electrolysis.
In 2022, the country's electrolysis industry grew by 50 per cent to $2.7 billion in the same year.
In terms of competitive patterns in the industry, the gas forest, alien electrolysis water, was introduced in 2020, using the channel base of the earlier bubbles, and stagnated with marketing resources, and the product was fast-tracked, with sales in 2022 amounting to about $1.2 billion, a doubling of the ratio. Second, the market market for bountiful water/screams in 2003/2011, respectively, was sold in 2022.
We find that consumer branding is not yet in shape for the early-growing electrolysis beverages track, and that new products are breaking out faster. In 2021, in particular, the track has entered more competitors, and now the market's old food beverages are hunted, with new electrolytic beverages such as Wahaha, Today's Mangrom, Wangwang, and a new “rehydration” in January 2023.
2.2 Internal comparisons: Why is electrolysis water running fast? The company's products are based on energy drinks, which are accompanied by mineral water, tea, coffee, etc.
In other products, the company launched a low-smugget latte coffee in 2021, which is based on lemon tea and Peter Chen's drinking, but has been sold at only tens of millions of levels in recent years. At the beginning of 2023, the new electrolytic water, which is used to refill the water.
According to the unwinding of other beverage sales, the 23q2 ring rose by 108 million yuan, a 201% increase over the same period, mostly from new electrolysis water, which is expected to grow to more than $300 million a year, the second most promising growth curve. The electrolytic water starts faster than the other products that the company has been so intensely nurturing in the past, growing at only one quarter.
For the “Billions of Dollars,” the advancers' coffees, oiled teas have been cultivated for several years, with annual sales of tens of millions. To do this, we compare the differences in the sectors of coffee, fruit tea, and electrolytic water, as well as the differences in the time-point channels that have been created within the company, and believe that the company’s electrolytic water starts faster because: 1) the consumer audience, the track, is wide.
There is a wide range of spaces; 2) competition patterns are friendly and have opportunities to flip; 3) channels are well developed and brands are efficient.
The concept of electrolysis is known to the public through the epidemic, thus becoming a separate category. In fact, the motor drink is essentially an electrolytic +, and there is already a basis for consumption in the country.
The electrolysis beverages are more widely used by the population to satisfy all the sweat scenes, except for the flu fever, the abdominal fever, the annual per capita consumption of sports beverages is 22 litres per person, 10 litres per person, 2.3/2.6 times the amount of energy beverages, respectively.
Electrolysis beverages, which are still emerging, have yet to form a competitive pattern in the industry, as can be seen from the previous two years of market sales in the gas forest, which were close to Pepsi Gator (nearly 20 years into the Chinese market), as distinct from the high rate of market participation in the coffee and tea and tea industries, which are all features of a giant layout, the perception of the electrolysis track brands has not yet materialized, and the new brands have the opportunity to roll over.
Coffee is an emerging track that has grown faster in recent years. According to the International Coffee Organization, our coffee sector market in 2021 was 38.1 billion yuan, compared to 27.2 per cent in 2021, and is expected to break 100 billion yuan in 25 years. The company previously placed great hopes in the coffee-café track, but was not fully promoted in 2022, and sales contributed less. The main reasons are:
1) China has a smaller packaging or coffee-drinking track (0.5% of the soft beverage market in 22 years), limited total market capacity, largely monopolized by Nestlé and Starbuck, and limited space for the survival of new brands. 2) Consumers are more inclined to make coffee today, and therefore are more likely to live in canteens.
In coffee sales, only 40.6% of consumers choose bottled coffee. And in recent years, the current coffee player, represented by Rising, has been working on a low-cost strategy that has attracted more consumers to buy it at the door.
Figure 35: Coffee is still lower than soft drinks in the country Figure 36: Consumers are more inclined to buy coffee shops selling products, i.e. tea is more popular in the country's soft drink consumer market, and consumers grow more mature.
About 12% of the cost is significantly higher than 3.4%/1.8% of the energy beverages/portal beverages in the tea-drinking track, where the company produces a different layout, mainly with lemon tea, to locate the freshness, vitamin abundance, and reminiscent. However, historical sales data do not effectively extend to the whole country. In our view:
Oil-producing areas are concentrated in titanium, with a distinct geographical feature, while the two broad areas are used to cold tea, and Wang Ji and Gatau are well-established. In recent years, sugar-free tea has emerged, such as tea, oriental trees, and leaves markets have been growing rapidly, making it difficult for companies to re-enhance.
2) The tea lanes are crowded, the food and drink complexes are hunted down, such as Master Kang, Unity, Farmers' Springs, and the leading market shows an upward trend, with a cumulative share of more than 50% in 22 years. Billion yuan, with a five-year compound increase of -0.1%, is reflected in a price reduction. The current tea market broke out in 2022.
In terms of branding, unlike coffee, tea and drinks, electrolysis water can be used for advertising, channeling, extension strategies to achieve faster storage (energy beverages focus on deep-farming, motorists, sports people, etc.)
In 2022, the company used its four-year fifa World Cup to cover high frequency of gold competitions, reaching a cumulative 2,417 million people and 264 million people across the country. By valuing the bsk basketball league, the nybo youth basketball open competition, the hi World Street Dance Championships, etc.
From the point of view of channel construction, electrolysis water pushes the new node. The company accelerated the opening of the foreign port market when it was on the market in 2021.
In 2022, the company continued to open two non-market distributors, with a net increase of 398 and an increase in the number of coverage points to 3 million. Between 2020 and 2022, the quality of the company's distributors also improved significantly, with individual distributors turning over.
The number of access points increased from 7.5 million to 10.8 million, and output from one point increased rapidly.
As China’s giant soft drinks industry, the farmers’ springs have been expanding since their establishment to package drinking water and beverages as twin engines, pursuing a multi-brand strategy, and continuing to open new growth points. In 2003, the first fruit juice farmer of the farmer’s springs went on the market, opening the way to the farmer’s springs in the fruit juice track, and then launching the nefc juice in 2016.
17.5° series, which continues to capture the market share of juice beverages, introduced tea pea in the sugar-drinking track to expand the class. In addition, the farmers' spring screams, the charcoal platinums are doing well in sports and the coffee market. Thus, the farmers' spring's “double-engine + multi-brand strategy” could be used as a company to expand the “East”
An excellent model of a multi-product matrix called Pelican Energy+ provides a broad-based approach. Between 2018 and 2022, sales in the full range of farmers’ springs continued to grow steadily, from $20.5 billion to $33.2 billion, of which 2022 beverages, with a total size of $15 billion, or 41% of sales, are almost close to aquatic products.
A breakdown of beverage products shows that tea consumption has remained at its highest level in the last five years, with a wide audience of products; functional beverage has increased to 21 per cent in 22 years (18 years compared to 15 per cent in 18 years), benefiting mainly from an overall increase in the beverage industry, with a slight decline in the sale of products under the influence of the 2020 epidemic and a double-digit increase in all other years.
Long, the average annual growth rate of water products/i.e. tea-drinking/functional beverages/fruit beverages was the second highest in 2018-2022, and the growth of functional beverages was robust.
In 2022, in the c-bpi brand list, farmers are in the top three of the three sub-groups of soft drinks, all of which are based on superior products.
It is a large-scale business, with distributors responsible for market opening, priceboard maintenance, branding, etc., and has a strong dealership of tens of thousands, which currently covers the market at the county level and above, with more room for development at the commune level than Coca-Cola, Harmonisation, and Master Hong. By contrast, the company is now deep in the energy beverage track, and the second curve has not yet been cultivated, and the distributors have produced a single product.
What's the rapid growth of new products for farmers? Tea, juice, traditional soft drinks, and a large market space.
In 2022, tea and juice were sold in the soft drinks market in the third and fourth places, after bottled water and carbonated drinks. On market scale, tea and juice were sold at 1139,738 million yuan in 2022, and compounded at a rate of -0.9 to 3.3% in five years.
In recent years, consumers have become more focused on the concept of sugar reduction. Farmers, by implementing the concept of “old as new” and making technological breakthroughs, have managed to break down their products, like in the United States and Japan.
An ageing problem, for example, was introduced in 2011 with the introduction of an East leaf without sugar tea drink, the introduction of new standards for tea with sterile cold irrigation and oxygen control techniques, namely "0 sugar, 0 fat, 0 card, 0 fragrance, 0 preservatives" and the introduction of new flavors in 2016, using its sterile production techniques to develop the first nfc juice on the market without a cold chain, significantly reducing transportation costs while ensuring that it is delivered.
Figure 45: The size of the juice industry in the United States, Japan and China
Even if the size of the juice market shrinks from year to year, farmers aim for a breakdown of the nefc juices, which is positioned as natural incorruptible, nutritionally abundant, high-quality pure fruit juice with good taste, and fast-taking of the middle- and high-end juice market. As health zero increases and consumption increases rises, the nafc juices of the farmers’ mountain springs are favoured by new generations of young people and high-income people.
In terms of the overall market for juice drinks, per capita drinking is only 5.4 litres per person, while in the United States, Japan, for example, the mature market, per capita drinking is about six times as much as three times the country's. In terms of the breakdown of juice drinks, sales of fruit juice in the period 2017-2022 grew at an average annual rate of 16.6%, far higher than the other breakdowns in juice beverages, compared to the annual compound of the overall juice market.
After 30 years of developing Chinese tea beverage, the consumer market has moved from a taste-seeking, low-priced start-up to a start-up phase in the quest for multiple flavors and ease of purchase.
After healthy consumption began to spread, the market for low sugar/smoker-free tea rose rapidly from 612 million litres in 2013-2022 to 874 million litres. The combined growth rate of low sugar/smoker-free tea was 5.2% in 2017-2022.
The sale of sugar tea has been declining, with a combined growth rate of -3.7 per cent averaged in 2017-2022, with the Farmer Springs rapidly rising in recent years, with an estimated 2.1 billion yuan in 2022 and a 30 per cent increase in 2017-2022, making it an important point of growth.
Figure 49: Increase in the size and share of sales of low sugar/no sugar tea
The farmer, who started early with the most competitive packaging of water, highlighted the distinctive features of “natural mineral water” and “weak water” with excellent marketing strategies, while continuously digging up new water sources upstream and organizing visits by the media and consumers, working downstream with the terminal point to introduce frozen displays, and increasing the effort to store and market, eventually from among the major competitions.
As a result of the limited barriers to production in the soft beverage industry, homogenization is more intense, and competition in the hot market is more intense. The brands of the beverages have successively produced products consistent with mainstream health.
The noodles have entered, and the nfc juice track has been marked by competitions such as a sink, a zero-degree fruit shop, and a Flemish farm. Farmers have been able to re-enhance because of their excellent branding, which gives unique market positioning and brand premium for their products through advertising, packaging, etc.
In Eastern leaf positioning, high-end tea with an emphasis on "0 sugar, 0 lipid, 0 card, 0 preservative" meets the health and lipid needs of two generations of young people. In the design of the bottle, a full design at the bottom of the upper circle is used to visualize the inside tea. In the packaging design, the British company Pearifisher was invited to perform a knife design, to make paper cut elements and to cut them separately.
Four images of four stories, with traditional paper clippings and skin strips from China, are used to make dark flowers. In advertising designs, products are given a nuanced narrative and scenery. Nfc juices locate high-value nfc juices and use sterile irrigation techniques to keep +LPPs.
The package is designed with a bottle of juice and a couple of fruits, which transmits information about health and nutrition directly to consumers. In advertising, it emphasizes that “100% of fresh fruit is extracted without water, sugar, or additives” and that the health image is more deeply felt.
What's the inspiration for the extension? Vertical: to adhere to the "Energian Power Plus" product matrix and design products that meet the needs of different groups of people.
In addition to the regular red-packed drinking water, the farmers' springs have developed “baby water” for mothers and children, “lithium water” for middle-aged and older people, needles for sports, potable water for tea groups, long white snow for positioning high-end water and extremes.
We think that companies can add nutrients to the variations in sports, jobs, learning, etc., and design different specifications packaging, expand the “energy plus” product matrix to meet the consumption needs of more scenarios. Horizontal: healthy adaptation of carbonate beverages, tea beverages, coffee majors.
Through the extended farmer logic, companies are committed to looking for opportunities for differentiation in the course of the big races. In a health trend, consumers are increasingly demanding the health attributes of drinks, and the preferences for products such as zero sugar, zero fat and zero add are more pronounced. Soft products from the beverage industry are also increasingly popular among consumers, such as zero-cane gas bubbles, sugar-free tea, nfc fruit.
From 2015 to 2022, the volume of sugar-free beverages sold in the country increased by about nine times, with an average annual growth rate of 36.5% of sugar-free beverages, much higher than the rate of soft beverage sales. We believe that companies can make healthy changes in carbonated drinks, tea beverages, coffee classes, and develop concepts such as low sugar-free sugar, zero additions, real extraction, etc.
Cross-cutting: bubbles, juice, tea beverages and energy beverages, research and development of cross-products, and innovation are also among the means of opening up new growth points.
Young people who have sex and are willing to try are more attractive. Companies can use energy beverages from their core products as carriers, combining them with hot beverage types such as bubbles, juices, tea beverages, giving energy beverages more mouth-to-mouth combinations, upgrading product innovation, and meeting consumer demand for diversity.
Figure 55: Multi-product Matrix of Farmer Springs IV, Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations 4.1 Income and Māori Rate Projections
1) Energetic Beverage Races are still fast and long, and are accompanied by a loss of leadership and a relatively weak competitor, and companies are expected to continue to raise their rates. The company is now in the process of rapid nationalization, with China’s regional distribution network improving, with a combination of 37 per cent and 43 per cent growth over two years. The markets of North and Northwest China have expanded through distributors.
Rapid coverage and running through the line and camp channels are expected to keep the rate of revenue growth at East Pate at more than 20 per cent, (2) other beverages: early companies developed the two main groups of curry, lemon tea oil, other products from 18 to 22 years, rising from 130 million yuan to 320 million yuan, and compounded growth at 27.8 per cent per year, 23h1 introduced electrolytic water, and others.
So we expect the sales ring ratio to continue to rise in the second half of the year, with electrolytic water expected to rise rapidly in the next 2-3 years with energy beverages, branding advantage, 109-47-34%. In Māori, changes in product structure have led to a price increase.
Up to $1848 per ton, an increase of 14 per cent over 22 years. But given that electrolytic water is in import, and that new entrants are increasing, the company is now in a steady expansion of large monoliths, a fast start of the second curve, but the company is helping to enhance the terminal by digitizing it to get more services.
We've chosen beer, soft drinks as comparable companies, and the following comparable companies are worth an average of 1.3 pegs over 23 years. We believe that companies are superior to energy beverages as energy beverages, and have high electrolytic water levels.
1. Increased competition in the market: our market for functional beverages has grown faster in recent years, and a radical expansion by competitors could have a negative impact on the expansion or stabilization of the share of market sales by firms, thereby affecting income growth.2 The price of raw materials rises: raw materials for the company ' s products consist mainly of bottles, caps, white sugar, etc., which are in the public domain
The Division's high cost of producing its main products and its potential to face rising prices of major raw materials in the future have led to less than anticipated growth in profitability.3 New products have been developed and promoted by companies in recent years, as well as new products such as the East Poon Cafe, the East Poon Replenishment, etc., are likely to face the risk of less than expected sales of new products and less than expected growth in operating income.
(d) Measurement errors: In this paper, it is assumed that in the nationalization of companies, there is a national spread of the saturation market in two broad areas and that there are differences in the spatial or factual scope of the measurement, depending on the availability of data and the limitations of the measurement methods.