Equity Incentives + Repurchases add up confidence and integration advantages - National High School (002074) Dynamic Review Recommended (first)
The company released its 2022 equity incentive plan on 24 May, to be awarded 600 million copies.
Stock options, 3.6 per cent of the company ' s total equity, with 80 per cent awarded for the first time, i.e. monthly repurchase plans to be repurchased not less than $200 million, not more than $400 million, buy back.
In 2021, the public became the company’s first shareholder, holding 26.47% of the shares. The administration of the public administration has been optimized, and it is expected that the public will be able to rejuvenate once again.
In 2021, the company sold about 16gwh power batteries and earned about $9.8 billion in battery business.
An, Wall, Zero, Wilma, etc., are expected to sell 40gwh in 2022, with rapid growth. At the end of 2021, the company worked closely with a large number of dimensions, and is expected to become its core supply in the future.
As a whole, the capacity of companies continues to expand in order to be more demand-rich, more clientele, more domestic and external customers, more energy and more power, future growth of lithium resources on a forward-looking scale, and higher self-sufficiency to enhance competitiveness.
Ten thousand tons of capacity, Ying Fu and Bing-Sin, respectively, are planned, with an average of 20,000 tons in one phase, and the company smelting the existing + planned capacity of 120,000 tons. With regard to resources, the company has taken the white water hole and the sub-soil, and is expected to take more resources for smelting in the future.
In addition, the company signed a cooperation agreement with jemse to develop lithium resources in Argentina. In terms of integrated layouts, the company works with star sources, diaphragms, phosphorus phosphorus, bronze coins, etc.
The company’s enhanced integrated layout, especially in the current context of tight demand for and supply of lithium resources and high prices, has a strong and early configuration of lithium resources.
It is expected that productive capacity will contribute elasticity to the company’s performance, that the company’s productive capacity will expand positively, that both domestic and foreign customers will do so, that rising prices will add lithium, that the resource self-sufficiency rate will rise, and that we will look at the company’s medium- and long-term development opportunities.
Policy volatility risks: downstream demand is lower than expected; product prices are lower than expected; competitive patterns are less risky; productive capacity expands and digests less than expected. Yin Bin: Doctor of Science, Chief of New Energy. 4 years of business + 5 years of securities + 1 year of fund experience, successively.
As a core member, it covers lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related industrial chains of listed companies and new energy vehicles.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.