On the night of August 17, Eun Seon Seok-seok published its semi-annual report for 2022, which achieved operating income, and the prices of companies compared to the trend of Deep 300 (2) On the night of August 17, Eun Seok Seok-eung issued three foreign investment announcements.
Construction of 1.4 million tonnes/year vinyl downstream devices with a total estimated investment of 34.5 billion yuan. Two other announcements on investment in high-performance resins and high-end new materials projects are expected to total 192.1 billion yuan and 64.1 billion yuan, respectively. The three main projects are implemented by Zhejiang petrochemicals.
The total investment in the three major projects amounted to nearly $12 billion. The second phase of petrochemical production contributed to the rapid growth of the first half of the year. In the first half of 2022, the company’s operating income grew at a rapid rate.
The main growth factor was the steady and full operation of the company's controlling subsidiary, the ZP phase I, while the second phase contributed fully to the overall performance of the project, resulting in a significant increase in production and sales, and the pta block collection, mainly due to the company.
The company Zhejiang's new 6 million tons/year pta project started production in the second half of 2021 and increased production and sales in the first half of this year.
According to the semi-annual report, in the first half of 2022, ZP received $106,666 million, net profit, $8,539 million, 51% equity, and contributed approximately $4,455 million in net profits.
This year, as a result of local wars and macroeconomic turmoil, crude oil prices continued to rise at a high level, rising by 14.98 per cent from the ring, slowing down downstream demand, leading to poor prices for some of the products, a contraction and a decline in the profitability of the company's largest profit plate.
Pta and pta plate price differentials, pta-px/ polyester-pta-meg price differentials/Ediol-ethylene price differentials/styrene-pure styrene price differentials/hdpe-ethylene price differentials/acrylonitrile-propylene increased sales are contributing significantly, and the profitability of the rest of the products is frustrated.
Material plates are also priced at +10.76 per cent of the same price for polyester slices due to the price of raw materials. The product is subject to significant price differentials and a decline in profitability. In terms of price differentials, the price of poy polyester slices/dty-volume increases, and 6 million tonnes/year of new material in Zhejiang is sold after the birth.
As oil prices continue to be high, downstream demand is weak, moderate, and the company as a whole is operating robustly. In the first half of 2022, the net cash flow of company operations was positive.
31,079 million, an increase of 40.57 per cent over the same period, a significant increase in net cash flows, a net cash flow from financing activities, the impact of various adverse factors, such as overall macroeconomic instability and the epidemic, in the first half of 2022, the downside of public oil prices and the prospect of a return to normal in the medium to long term, and the expectation that corporate profitability will continue.
• Three major projects are proposed to be built to speed up the layout of top-end and fine chemical products downstream, and on the evening of August 17th, the company issued three foreign investment announcements, which are planned to be turned from petrochemicals to major construction, and three medium- and downstream projects, with a combined total investment of $117.8 billion, are expected to be fully operational
(1) It is planned to invest 1.4 million tons of new ethylene/nearstream chemical devices with a total investment of 34.5 billion yuan. The completion of the project will enable the company to achieve the objective of “reducing oil” after delivery, while providing adequate material security for the company's downstream, high-value-added new materials and fine chemical industries, which are expected to be achieved.
2.62 billion yuan/year net profit. (2) It is planned to invest in high-performance resin projects with a total investment of 19.2 billion yuan.
New materials products are expected to yield a net profit of 2,423 million yuan per year after delivery. (3) It is planned to invest in high-end new materials projects with a total investment of 64.1 billion yuan, which are expected to be built over two years, which will further optimize the industrial structure of the company, expand new materials and refine the capacity of the chemical industry.
Companies increase capital spending and accelerate the development of new downstream materials.
The routes still guarantee future capital spending, thus driving medium- and long-term growth. In particular, the planned eva, dmc, α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe, adichlorine and diazepine projects are currently in urgent need of import into the country of new energy chemicals or high-performance materials that are replaced by faster downstream growth.
For its part, companies believe that there will be sufficient advantages to competition in the field of new materials, namely, the pre-investment advantages associated with sufficient cash flow, the efficient output from high R & D inputs, and the continuing cost advantages associated with the advantages of a physicalized platform and the advantages of raw materials in the context of tight project approvals.
There will be increased scarcity. (1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) Risk of safe production:
(iii) Environmental protection risks: (4) project implementation is not as fast as expected: (5) equity incentives are not as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.