The Center for Resource and Environmental Research is looking forward to the release of semi-annual financial reports on 17 August 2022 and the first half of 2022.
Annual operating income of $147,628 million, an increase of 74.88 per cent over 2021, net return to the mother, cost increases and low end demand, corporate performance pressure: crude oil and coal prices maintained high in the first half of 2022, combined end consumption affected by the epidemic and low landscape of real estate, product price differentials maintained.
Low position. The new Psychiatry Phase II project is in the process of continuing production and contains 300,000 tonnes/year 1. " Integrated platform for sustainable development taps! - Glory, photovoltaic e.g., dmc, pc, abs., etc. for new energy industries, and pseudochemicals are expected.
2022.4.28. Continuously coded deep processing projects to increase value added and enhance corporate performance in the future: company ' s recent land reviews, 2022.1.30.
Continue to announce 1.4 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream chemical installation projects, high-performance resin projects, high-end 3.
The completion of the project is expected to result in an annual sales income of $12.52 billion and a net annual gain of $16.4 billion.
The increase in average sales prices, or higher than the cost increase, is expected to contribute to the weakening of the company cycle and to the certainty of performance growth
The continued process of deep processing of high-end products by petrochemicals, greater certainty in the growth of company performance, but higher costs, low end demand, corporate performance or pressure, we have revised down the 2022-2024 profit forecast, the Chan House.
1. Risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices; 2. Serious deterioration in demand for the end; 3. Geopolitical risks; 4. Unsatisfactory progress in project construction; 5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar; 6. Other force majeure impacts; 1. Cost escalation plus low demand for the end, with corporate performance under pressure
In the first half of 2022, Prostomization achieved business income of $147,628 million, an increase of 74.88 per cent over 2021, and a net return profit of $5,367 million, a decrease of 18.27 per cent over the same period. 22q2 achieved a rise in crude oil and coal prices in the first half of 2022, and the cumulative end-use was affected by the low landscape of real estate.
The product price differentials remain low. The Pyrochemical Phase II project is in the process of continuing production and contains 300,000 tonnes/year photovoltaiceva, dmc, pc, abs, etc., which are widely used in photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, etc. The second phase is expected to continue to be enriched in 2022-2024, given the complexity of the integration devices.
The company has recently announced the addition of 1.4 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream chemical plant projects, high-performance resin projects, high-end new materials projects, etc., and the continuous procession of new downstream energy materials.
The project, enhancing value added for products, and expanding the capacity of high-end refined products, is in line with the guidelines for “stabilizing oil growth” in the petrochemical sector during the “14th Five-Year” period. An increase in the average sale price of end-products or higher than that of raw materials is expected to contribute to a weakening of the company’s cyclicality and to a strong future growth in performance.
Tens of tons/year of ethyl carbonate, etc., which is expected to yield a net gain of RMB 3.62 billion after the birth of the project, with a total projected investment of RMB 19.2 billion in high-performance resins, mainly based on petrochemicals, as the main raw material.
With a package of 300,000 tonnes/year-olds and 100,000 tonnes/year-olds, 60,000 tonnes/years pmma and 1.2 million tonnes/tons, etc., the project was completed with an estimated average annual operating income of 2,744 million yuan after delivery, resulting in a net gain of 2,422 million yuan.
The high-end new material project is expected to invest a total of $64.1 billion to exploit the potential of the 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project in one or two instalments, with the addition of 300,000 tonnes/year tubes, 350,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons, 400,000 tonnes/year poe polyolefin elastomers, 300,000 tonnes/year adipic acids, 500,000 tonnes/year nylons 66 salts
The project was completed with 64,544 million yuan in expected operating income after delivery, resulting in a net gain of 11,36 billion yuan. Detailed product planning was more complex, more productive and more productive than in the second and second phases.
Rates and value added have been further enhanced, with a focus on new energy-related high-end materials such as photovoltaiceva and polycarbonate.
The output product, Shao Hein Young Seong Seong's technology photo-film and photo-voltaic slab film are being developed, planning projects are under way, and Sein Yuan fibre-optic phase II is being built. At the same time, the company is focusing on the market’s active deployment of new materials, new petrochemical materials, and several new materials parks.
The company's commitment to a green low-carbon transformation has led to the establishment of the Green Fossil Innovation Centre at the University of Zhent and Qinghua, which focuses on “CO2 capture and high-value-added utilization, nylon 66 industrial chain technology, volcs governance techniques, and the growth of tons of productive capacity, all of which will become the largest food-graderpet supply in the country.
In addition, in the past year, green projects, such as the gold petromanganese de-oil project and the Insein technology photo-voltaic backboard membrane, have been launched. Companies have also promoted the innovations and practices of energy conservation and consumption throughout the company from a variety of sources, including carbon emissions management, energy management, cleaner production, green officeing, etc.
On 3 August, the company announced that the first repurchase program in 2022 had reached a ceiling of 2 billion dollars to convert the company’s debt-transferable or employee-holding schemes. The company continued to promote the equity buy-back program, highlighting the firm’s confidence in development prospects and its self-recognition of long-term values.
1) Risk of large one-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and large one-way fluctuations in oil prices will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability; 2) Repeated disruptions in the sale and transport of end products by the epidemic: recurrent outbreaks and spillovers or disruptions in the sale of end products
3) A serious deterioration in demand for end-uses: company-integrated chemicals, mostly intermediate products, are subject to over-anticipated changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain. The need to consider the price of oil while downstream consumption, packaging, car and other macroeconomic needs, such as infrastructure, can also have an impact on the demand for chemicals;
4) Geopolitical risks: the end end of raw materials includes, but is not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil as a result of an emergency, or significant increases in the supply of crude oil as a result of an emergency; end sales include, but are not limited to, an increase in taxes on China ' s exports of suffocating products from the Central American trade war; anti-dumping investigations by South-East Asian countries into China ' s Changsi;
5) Project construction is not as fast as expected: multiple projects of the company are under construction, e.g., the project is not progressing as expected, or have an impact on profit projections; 6) the risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: crude oil purchases are in United States dollars and revenue ends are settled in renminbi
Mainly, the day-to-day operation requires the purchase of United States dollars, the sale of the renminbi, the completion of settlements, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the dollar or a negative impact on the performance of the company;) other force majeure effects;
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment