On the evening of 17 August 2022, Eon Seon Seok-seok released its semi-annual report for 2022, Eun-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of $147,628 million, an increase of 74.88 per cent over the same year, a rise in international oil prices, and a narrow spread in long-line prices. In the second quarter of 2022, the international oil price as a whole went up, with Brent crude oil at an average price of $111.98 per barrel, +62.1 per cent over the same period and +14.4 per cent over the same period.
The cost side continues to be strong and petrochemicals are rising. From the downstream of refining, price differentials occur. Research assistant in the Xiaoxian petrochemical industry, with a similar degree of narrowness, with an average market price of 7390.35 per cent for 2022q2poy/fdy/dty/pta, respectively.
Poy/fdy/dty/pta market price differentials are 838.06, 1260.11, 1942.79, \triangleright Pulse (002493.sz):
In the first half of the year, there was a significant growth in corporate revenue. Of this, operating income from refined oil products and chemical products reached 45 billion refined profit centres, and eight times that of ZEP II, resulting in a corresponding increase in operating income; and operating income from pta for the current period.
In the second half of 2021, the production began because of sales earnings.
Growth, corresponding increases in marketing costs, with varying degrees of Māori coverage for other major products besides pta Emeritus (002493.sz): smooth growth in profits, bipolar II investment
21.09 percentage points, with a decline of 18.47 percentage points in the ring ratio; and a percentage point for refined oil products. pta Maori rebounds mainly due to a good downstream business climate. 1.4 million tonnes of ethylene/year petrochemicals and downstream chemical devices were approved to further upgrade product attachments.
On August 14, 2022, the company issued an announcement stating that the controlled subsidiary had recently received petrochemicals to add 1.4 million tons of ethylene/year and downstream chemical devices (phase II engineering product structure optimization)
The project, with a total investment of $34.485 billion, will be located in the Green Fossil Park on Fish Mountain Island, Jiayama County, Zhejiang Province.
/yearly ethanol, 27/600,000 tonnes/year po/sm, 40.25 million tonnes/year phenol/year, 350,000 tonnes/cindasegritiesco., ltd high annual density polyethylene, 380,000 tonnes/year polyetherol, 400,000 tonnes/year abs, 100,000 tonnes/year
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City City, Hrg emulsion, 60,000 tonnes/year melted polybutylene, 750,000 tonnes/year crack gasoline plus hydrogen, 100,000 tonnes/year styrene, 300,000 tonnes/year acetic ethylene, 600,000 tonnes/year styrene, 200,000 tonnes/year carbonate
On the one hand, esters and multiple downstream chemical plants contribute to the production of raw materials, such as hydrocarbons, providing sufficient raw material security and space for companies to develop new downstream high-value-added materials and fine chemical industries; on the other hand, further reducing the proportion of output of finished oils and achieving efficiency gains in refining oils,
Low per unit of product emissions, contributing to green and low-carbon development. High-end new material fields, providing an engine for profit growth. \triangleright as Phase II projects are fully completed
The company is now planning to extend further to the new materials industry chain and to actively distribute new materials such as plastics, eva/poe, nylon 66, high-end polyolefins, etc.
On December 28, 2021, 300,000 tons of petrochemical devices successfully produced photovoltaic products, produced at full capacity and sold freely and supplied directly to mainstream domestic manufacturers.
On 17 August 2022, the company issued an announcement stating that it would use the first and second phase of petrochemicals.
The main raw material was the chemical products produced by the Project, which invested $19.2 billion in the construction of new 300,000 tonnes/year ldpe/eva (pipeline), 100,000 tonnes/yeareva (Buttle), 400,000 tonnes/year ldpe, 200,000 tonnes/year dmc, 3 x 60,000 tonnes/year pmma and 1.2 million
Tons/years abs devices with a construction period of 2 years. In addition, the company is to invest $64.1 billion in new 4 million tonnes/year catalytic fission devices, 350,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons devices, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year poe polybutylene flexibles, 80,000 tonnes/year polybutylene-1, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid devices,
Further expansion of the scale of high-end chemical materials and chemical production capacity to enhance the integrated competitiveness of enterprises through, inter alia, tons/year adipic acid devices, 250,000 tons/year adihydrazine devices, 280,000 tons/year adichlorine devices, etc. Psychicization received the third batch of finished oils in 2022, a quota for the export of fuel oil for low-sulphur vessels, and optimized domestic production
On July 6, 2022, the controlled subsidiary was awarded a third batch of finished oil export quotas of 840,000 tons and a low sulphur bunker export quota of 20,000 tons.
Since the beginning of the year, the Ministry of Commerce has issued three export quotas for finished oils. As the pressure on domestic oils increases, the export channels for finished oils from our national companies are opened again, and petrochemicals are the main objective.
The first and second tranches of the former private refining enterprise, which obtained export qualifications and quotas, received a combined export quota of 2.520,000 tons in 2021 and a combined export quota of 2180,000 tons in three instalments by 2022. We believe that the new plague of 2020 to date, as seen in the oil markets for the oil products produced abroad, is a new epidemic.
The shock accelerated the shutdown of the European-American refinery, and the government's carbon-reduction policy forced European-American oil refiners to invest more in the field of regenerative fuel, while there was insufficient willingness to invest in the traditional area of refining, even if the price gap for finished goods soared in March 2022, the longer three- to five-year investment cycle and the irreversible transition path were added.
In addition to the difficulty of expanding the production of European and American refineries, the Asia-Africa region will have new production capacity, but it will be difficult to meet the incremental demand for refining oil, and the oil price gap for finished products will remain high for a long period of time in the event of a gap in the volume of overseas refined oil. This time, it will be possible to obtain finished oil, low-sulphur bunker oil for export.
This allows companies to be more flexible in their choice of supply markets by selecting the economic benefits of the domestic market and the international market, seeking to maximize the efficiency of the supply in both markets, and by planning to buy back some of their shares for conversion into debt-transferable or employee-stock schemes.
On the same day, the company issued a public announcement stating that, based on confidence in its future development prospects and a recognition of long-term values, it could enhance investor confidence in order to safeguard the interests of investors in general and small and medium-sized investors in particular, promote a reasonable return to the value inherent in the long term of its stock prices and promote stable and sustainable corporate development.
It is proposed, taking into account the actual financial situation of the company, its operating status and so on, to repurchase some of the public shares (a shares) by means of a centralized competitive bidding, with a total repurchase of not less than RMB 1 billion (including this amount) and not more than RMB 2 billion (including this amount), with a repurchase price not exceeding the population.
The amount of the specific repurchase is based on the amount actually purchased at the end of the buy-back period. The duration of this next repurchase is 12 months from the date of the Board’s consideration of the adoption of this repurchase programme.
Fossilization would benefit from high oil prices for finished products overseas, and the high profile of the high-end new material fields and the industry in the eva industry would also open up room for second-level growth. We maintain risk factors for glory stones: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; and the risk that demand will not recover as much as expected;
\triangleright Risk of excess refining capacity; risk of less than expected completion of the petrochemical phase II project; risks of less than expected progress in construction of the project under construction by the company; and risk of slow restoration of profits from downstream products.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil fields, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. 2021 Hu Xiao Yi, assistant research assistant in the petrochemicals industry. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of South-West Finance, July 2022.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Science in Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.