Cement coils (600585.sh) Industry warming, agglomerations, performance maturities Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
In the month, the national production of cement was 660 million tons, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period, the demand side remained stable, the future “ppp+capitalization” or the main support point for demand, the environmental constraints of normality and inter-firm synergies.
We believe that short-term prices will be high and that the city will revert to the market or due to adverse factors such as high temperatures, rain, etc., but as long as there is no demand for cost-control capacity, profitability is high: companies will continuously improve their cost management capacity, financial costs, etc.
The rate fell from 2.19 per cent in 2012 to 0.38 per cent in the first quarter of 17 years, of which company assets provided financial assurance at the end of the quarter. The company’s Māori ratio remained at around 30 per cent, 5-7 percentage points higher than that of major competitors, with a cost of only 11 per cent over the period, well below that of other firms in the industry, with significant profitability.
Production capacity has continued to grow and the internationalization process has progressed steadily: by the end of 2016, the company ' s clinker capacity stood at 244 million tons, cement capacity at 313 million tons, covering most of the regions of China, South-East, South-West and North-West, with 4.8 million tons of clinker production overseas and 9.35 million tons of cement production.
Capital spending is estimated at 9 billion yuan, and it is expected that some 3.6 million tons of new clinker capacity and 23.6 million tons of cement capacity (excluding M&A) will be added throughout the year to further improve capacity coverage. At the same time, the process of internationalization of companies is steadily advancing, North Su conch, Laos, Cambodia, etc.
The Department’s overseas cement production capacity plan is expected to reach 50 million tons, with further expansion of the cement map. Volume up, leading the way: in the first quarter of this year, the company achieved 65 tons of Māori, an increase from the same period last year, 21 dollars/tons, and the company is expected to achieve a full increase in prices throughout the year as supply and demand patterns continue to improve.
We believe that the cement industry, which has a stable year-round demand, the industry's synergies, the price of which will be high, and the company, which is the leader, will benefit fully from the industry's warming and is expected to achieve a full increase in the volume, and we suggest that we focus on the country's languages.
Real estate investment has fallen sharply, capital investment has fallen short of expectations, production of conch cement-industry poles has fallen short of expectations, and industry models have been listed in Hong Kong, creating a pioneer market outside China’s cement industry.
To the east, the conch group, which is jointly controlled by the Anhui State Finance Committee and the Lake Shore Industries, holds a share of 36.78%.  is one of the largest single brand suppliers in the world, mainly in the production and sale of cement and commercial clinkers.
The company has built five million tons of super-clinker bases in bronze mausoleum, Inde, Chizhou, Xiaoyang, Lake Luang, and three 12,000 tons of production lines representing the world's most advanced technology today, which were produced by the end of 16th year.
It can reach 244 million tons of cement and 313 million tons of cement, the second largest cement producer in the country.
▪ In 2016, the company achieved a revenue of 55.9 billion yuan, an increase of 9.72 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $8.53 billion over the same quarter, an increase of 28.4 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 2,153 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 86.4 per cent over the same period, and a sales of 5.92 million tons of cement clinker, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net gain of $65 tons.
As cement prices move up and down, it is expected that the company will be able to achieve a substantial increase in volume prices and performance with a likely high rate of robustness throughout the year. Cost control is strong, with the cost rate falling to 11.16 per cent over the period.
The financial cost rate fell from 2.19 per cent in 2012 to 0.38 per cent in the first quarter of 17 years, of which the financial guarantee was provided at the end of the quarter. The company’s Māori rate remained at around 30 per cent, 5-7 percentage points higher than the competitor, with only about 11 per cent for the period, far below the competitor, and was highly profitable.
At the end of 2016, corporate clinker capacity reached 244 million tons, cement capacity stood at 313 million tons, of which 4.8 million tons were overseas, and water.
In 2017, the company planned capital spending of about $9 billion, which will be used mainly for project construction, technology adaptation projects and mergers; it is expected that some 3.6 million tons of new clinker production and cement production will be added throughout the year.
Approximately 23.6 million tons (excluding M&As) were added to the capacity coverage. At the same time, the company’s internationalization process was steadily moving forward, projects such as North Su Sea conch, Laos, Cambodia, etc.
The company's overseas cement capacity planning is expected to reach 50 million tons, and the cement layout is expanding further.
Figure 12: Distribution of clinker production capacity in the company's subregion. Supply and demand patterns are constantly improving, and the boom continues to benefit – a steady increase in investment in fixed assets in the provinces and municipalities over 17 years.
Investment in fixed assets has increased steadily in 17 years, with the western regions of Xinjiang (50%), Tibet (20%), Guizhou (18%) and Yunnan (16%) growing faster, with priority investment projects in the areas of infrastructure, roads, railways, airports, etc.
In recent years, the ppp model has been used extensively in capital investment. By the end of March 2017, there were 12,287 national projects with a total investment of 14.6 trillion yuan.
Of the 1,729 sites that have been contracted, with a total investment of 2.9 trillion yuan, the rate reached 34.5 per cent, an increase of 1.4 percentage points over the previous month, with a net increase of 503 projects, 61.4 billion in investments, 207 projects, and 4367 in investments in March. As the ppp model matures and the policy supports it,
In the future, the ppp project is expected to accelerate further. By the end of March 2017, the country entered the ppp project, where transport and municipal works accounted for more than half of the investment, amounting to 30 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, in addition to the integrated development of towns and cities.
The top three of the number of land landing projects are municipal engineering, transport, ecological construction and environmental protection, which together account for 63.9 per cent of the total number of land landings, basically in the critical areas covered by infrastructure development, with a positive impact on the demand for cement.
In terms of sub-regions, the top three of the number of deposit projects are Guizhou, Shandong and Xinjiang, which together account for 32.4 per cent of the total number of project entries; the top three are Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Jiangsu and the United States of America, which account for 49.7 per cent of the net increase in the current month; the top three are Shandong, Xinjiang, Henan and Unity projects.
Thirty-two.7% of the total number of land landings, with both the number and investment in the Shandong Landing Project being the first, not 279 and $345.8 billion. The accelerated landing of the ppp project, especially in the area of infrastructure, will provide a strong support for future cement demand.
Figure 15: Number of major regional landing projects at the end of 2017q1 (one) China’s needs are stable in the east and south of the country, and there is a marked fragmentation in the west. In terms of the main distribution of the company’s capacity, there is a stable demand in the east and south of the country, and infrastructure projects are accelerating, with some support;
The western region, on the other hand, is divided, with the south-west continuing to grow at a faster rate, with demand growing by 2.7% in the first quarter, still the fastest growing region in the country. In particular, Yunnan and Guizhou are the main regions, where capital investment has remained stable, with the previous market phase-out, and cement investment has improved, with some falling.
Post-capability phase-out (e.g., China-building material stopped production of Yongjong cement in Lijiang), increased supply and demand balance in the region as demand increased steadily and future supply and demand patterns are expected to continue to improve, while Northwestern demand has been declining over the past few years, with low intraregional investment rates being the main problem, but with a large area.
The development of the strategy, the NWT as an inland bridgehead, is expected to increase investment and landfall.
The State Department issued the 13th Five-Year Integrated Work Programme for Energy Conservation and Reduction, which clearly states that the subregion and sub-basin basins should develop and implement priority sectors such as iron and steel, cement, flat glass, and area-specific modifications.
In 2009, 2013 and 2016, the Ministry of the Environment, the General Directorate of Quality Control, the Ministry of Industry and Information, the Ministry of Industry and the Information Society, the Ministry of Environment, the Ministry of the Environment, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
Five departments, including the General Directorate of Security, have organized special inspections of the cement and glass sectors, cleaned up and cleaned up the production capacity and developed a programme of monitoring the phase-out of the production capacity of the cement and glass sector, which requires the regions to publish regularly lists of enterprises that are not in line with industrial policy; and set up a list of cement that does not meet the requirements of industrial policy.
The lower-cost, smaller-scale cement kilns will be designated as a no-man ' s-power focus, based on digital cement.
The net, which is about 590 million tons of small-scale capacity, is about 30% of total capacity. It is expected that 17 years of late capacity phase-out will be either short-lived or unexpected.  New capacity is largely eliminated. Since 13 years, the capacity of cement clinker production has declined to a single-digit level.
At the end of 2016, the clinker production capacity stood at 1,813 million tons, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period.
In 2017, the government and industry will continue to intensify their efforts to reform the gas supply side, so we believe that the likelihood of future recombination of new production lines is small and that new production capacity is largely controlled. Industry concentration has increased, and business synergies are unprecedented.
Industrial merger restructuring has accelerated gradually, with three major weight-scale restructuring events in 2016: one, the integration of gold and shundong; two, the consolidation of Chinese building materials and Chinese Chinese materials; three, the further consolidation of Chinese cement assets in China; and three, the strong alliance between our top ten groups.
It also shows that restructuring has led to an increase in the capacity of the top ten groups of companies to produce clinker, up from 54% in 2015, to 57%.
In September 16, the Chinese Cement Association submitted a policy proposal on the swapability of cement production, with a concentration of 70 per cent in the cement market for the top two to three large enterprises in the province.
Merger restructuring, industrial integration, may be the main route for future sector supply-side reforms. The increase in market concentration makes it easier for firms to work together and the market landscape continues to improve.
In China’s region of focus on new capacity, every production line in the future will be shut down for 90-120 days each year, with the introduction of the wrong peak production.
The pattern of supply and demand in the region will be further improved, the pattern of profit-raising by price controls is increasingly accepted by firms, and future production failures will result in substantial de-productivity and a continuous improvement in industry patterns. Prices will be high, and markets will be expected to be high and stable.
For example, in the East China region, the average price of the water p.o 42.5 is now $359 per tonne, an increase of $81 per ton over the same period last year, and 82 per ton over the previous year. The average price of the company's cement production plant was 222 in the first quarter of 2017.
Forty-four dollars/tonne higher than the same period last year. With improved supply and demand patterns, business synergies have continued to increase, and prices are expected to be high and stable. We believe that prices can now continue until mid-May, followed by a small recovery due to adverse factors such as high temperatures, rain, etc., as long as demand does not fall off the cliff.
The downside, the fall in prices was modest, and the season of the season was coming to a new upward trend, and it was expected that the entire figure would be 27: Cement prices at p.o 42.5 (as of 12 May) and 28: Cement prices at p.o 42.5 (as of 12 May) at South China.
Figure 29: South-West p.o 42.5 Cement (as of 12 May) Figure 30: North-West p.o 42.5 Cement (as of 12 May)
Energy consumption is coal and electricity, accounting for about 60% of total cement production costs. Once energy prices rise considerably from policy changes or from market demand and supply, especially for raw materials such as coal, companies will face pressure to increase production costs, given the high coal prices in the first quarter of this year.
The price of cement ton rose to $157, a 24-ton increase over last year’s average cost, affecting companies’ profitability in a certain way. In response to large fluctuations in energy costs, companies, on the one hand, continue to deepen with large coal groups in the country.
Strategic cooperation to continuously expand access to coal procurement, taking advantage of the advantages of scale, to reduce the combined costs of primary coal use, including through the transfer of coal resources across regions and the combination of different coal varieties: on the other hand, to strengthen cooperation with large energy and electricity companies to increase the proportion of direct electricity purchases.
The company achieved 65 tons in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 21 dollars over the same period last year, and, with the price, we believe that the cement industry will remain stable throughout the year, that the industry will continue to work well together and that prices will be high.
Steady, companies, as industry leaders, will fully benefit from the recovery of the industry, with a sharp rise in volume prices. 17 - Real estate investment is expected to fall sharply, downstream demand is depressed, production at the wrong peak is not being implemented as expected, and industry competition is increasing.
Supply-side reforms are moving slowly, output is falling short of expectations, relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.