The reason for the report is: performance forecast reviews, 19 years of corporate performance pressure, looking at the company's long-term competitive advantage.
The company issued its annual performance forecast for 2019, and in 2019, the company expected to fall into the top \triangleright industry as a whole in 19 and corporate performance under pressure. 2019, macroeconomic pressure, consumer trust.
Lack of heart, six-car switch-over in the super-state, increasing supply and demand tensions, sharp drops in new energy subsidies, overall auto market pressure, persistent negative growth in production and sales, companies more affected by industry as industry leaders, market data: 13 January 2020
In the second half of the year, the industry improved and its performance is expected to improve. Since the second half of the year, the industry stock has improved, vehicle sales have been generally restored, company sales have returned significantly to the same level, and in December, the circulation a/total equity (billions):
On the one hand, domestic automobile sales are more cyclical and currently market value of the circulationa shares (billions): the downward trend is more pronounced, with the prospect of a turning point next year into a growth cycle; on the other hand, there is a growth cycle.
On the other hand, the domestic automobile market has moved downwards, moving gradually from the incremental market to the stock market.Budget data: 30 September 2019, in addition, the company, as the van leader, performed far ahead, with a high degree of market recognition and a pattern of vehicles.
As a result, companies are expected to take this opportunity to increase their market share, expand their competitive advantage, and achieve a gradual recovery in their performance. As overseas operations continue, they are expected to increase their business growth point.
In the first half of 2019, the entire vehicle base in India was made operational, the general-purpose Mitsubishi Indonesian company was opened, the joint venture sales company in Egypt was unveiled, and the upper-air Angel logistics increased the capacity of overseas shipping. In 2019, the company exported its entire vehicle and sold 250,000 vehicles abroad, an increase of 26 per cent.
Currently, as domestic car firms grow, the overseas car market will be another competitive platform for domestic car firms, and the uplift is expected to become a new growth point in corporate business based on its own leadership and competitive advantages in overseas deployment.
The company has continued to promote auto electricization, intelligence, networking, sharing, and continued high R & D investment.
In Beijing, China, 28 Sinlyze Street, Beijing City City, upgrades the technology and expands the industrial chain, perfects the layout, plugs in the mixed power-driven gearbox, and the 7th floor of the intercentre.
The fuel cell reactor, the igbt module, the smart cabin, artificial intelligence algorithms, big data, etc. have broken through Shanxi Securities Inc. and are expected to help companies further improve their core competitiveness as the technology is gradually landing.
Investment proposals: Companies continue to push for a new four-way car, with a wide range of models, technological advantages, and long-term competitive advantages. Industry continues to improve, and competition increases, and companies are expected to expand their lead positions on their own.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.