The upper steam group (600104) has a review of the company's performance in the car market, and it's expected to warm back in 2020 — the upper steam group's performance forecast for 2019.
On 14 January 2020, the company released a performance forecast for 2019. The company expects to achieve annual sales of 6.238,000 vehicles per year in 2019, a 11.5 per cent reduction in the same year; of this, the volume of sales of winding up and winding up is more marked, with 1.6 million vehicles per year, compared to the same amount.
Slip 19 per cent; upward gas sales of 1.66 million Mitsubishis, down 19 per cent from the previous year. Moreover, up-slip mass sales have led to downswings in the industry due to multiple factors, such as the downside of domestic subsidies for new energy vehicles, as six-car switchings in five countries have intensified supply and demand tensions each year.
In 2020, the head of the relevant division of the Ministry of Trade and Communications indicated that the new energy motors policy for 2020 would remain stable and would not fall back significantly; this information is for the new energy motors industry to continue in 2020 and beyond.
Future developments have boosted confidence. Adding Tesla’s national production expectations by the end of 2019, Tesla Model3 was officially delivered in China’s new energy car market, and the popular meb new energy vehicle model, which is scheduled to be officially launched in the second half of 2020, is now stronger in China’s new energy vehicle market.
Prices and product competitiveness. As the policy environment warms and as Tesla/meb is released in 2020, companies are expected to increase in the new energy automobile business.
In 2019, China recorded a decline of 9.6% in car sales, while sales of luxury cars, represented by bba, remained positive. With upper Odysium production, Tesla national production, and mass meb production, we believe that the company’s performance is likely to warm; the profits of the superbuses are generally high, and the company’s performance is expected.
This is why we expect the company to return 25,724 million yuan in net profits in 2019-2021, less than expected macroeconomic developments, less than expected market sales, more competition in the car market, new energy cars.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.