{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}The global market has expanded and expanded.
Incident: A subsidiary of the company became a BMW supplier in Germany and disclosed a repurchase stock plan, which was notified by BMW and was identified as a supplier for the heating management of the new BMW platform in Germany, with global sales estimated at around 30 million euros over the life cycle.
The company discloses a repurchase plan, with no less than $200 million and no more than $600 million in repurchase prices.
The world's new energy cars are at high speeds and long, and the industry is at the dawn of a new power building power like Tesla, where the traditional whole-of-the-cars are set up to catch up. Three zeros focus on the development of new energy vehicles, air conditioning and heat management systems for nearly a decade, and many products, such as electronic expansion valves, electronic water pumps, etc., are already leading the industry.
BMW is one of the first cars to have a new energy vehicle in a traditional luxury whole-car company, with a pure electric model i3, and a mixed-car type i8, x1, 5, x5, 7 etc.
It was acknowledged that this year ' s performance would not affect, but that this would mean that the new energy car heat management department would have entered the new energy car platform of all major European car manufacturers and would have a positive impact on the company ' s further expansion of the market space for new energy vehicles across the globe.
In our view, 1) 3x0 has entered the supply system of new energy cars and Tesla in all major European car factories, and the future company zero business will grow rapidly with the global new energy automobile industry, and the marginal improvement in corporate performance will gradually increase; 2) the supply of German BMW will provide further proof of the new energy car heat.
Global leadership in managing products, high technical barriers to corporate valves, and development pathways from higher ends; 3) Tripoe Institute, a global leader in corporate R & D power, with products at the heart of the Protector River; 4) corporate disclosure of a part of the social public share plan highlighting corporate governance concerns
There is confidence in the company’s long-term value. The risk of falling sales in the domestic electricity industry, the risk of falling sales of new energy vehicles, and the expected expansion of new customers.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.