Sancie's food beverages (60809), and they're on their way to a full-scale revival of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company took control of the combing channels and pre-empted the 2022 spring festival. During the 2022 spring season, the company took care of the negative effects of the outbreak, the upgrading of the product structure and the two-wheel drive of the expansion of nationalization.
In particular, the company is committed to the strategy of “catching flowers, strong waists, and a stable bouncing system.” Among these, the Saffron series has led to an increase of more than 50 per cent in the number of saffrons expected to grow during the festival, and the driving product structure has continued to be optimized; of these, the young 20 have led to an increase in the number of leaders, and the revival has led to a strong push for marketing and consumer development in the circle; and Panama and the United States of America.
There is still a significant increase in the controlled amount of the Bozo, which has been imported into the province in an orderly manner; 2, the national expansion of the wine is overwhelming. By the end of last year, the company had 28 markets of over 100 million, more than 300 dealers had been added throughout the year, and the share of major businesses has been increasing, with the number of controlled terminals reaching millions; and 3, the company has continued to promote marketing.
The system is strategized, flattened, rejuvenate to form a regional layout of 31+10, with more than 80 per cent of the heads of each marketing area now running after 80 per cent, and the marketing team is strong and active, with key activities such as channel construction, price protection, consumer development, etc.
High-end progresses with nationalization, looking at year-round elasticity. 1. In the event of macroeconomic pressure and outbreak of the epidemic, the company is on track to meet its opening and growing resilience supermarket expectations.
Line name wine. 2 - The company's brand power continues to be released, with São Paulo 20 at 400-bit high-priced brands and canals gaining significant advantages, with a year-long high-growth period; with the full replacement of the old version of the Renaissance 30, the company has increased its efforts to develop the Renaissance version, and the recovery edition is growing faster; and with Panama, Old White, in the waist.
With steady growth, the Bosun and Bamboo youth perform well, with robust growth. 3, the new director, Yuan, has a strong year, and in 2022, the ambition was to raise brand values as a primary goal, to push for higher-quality development, and Yuan has clearly proposed "four focusses" and "four insistents" and clear directions.
It is clear that the efficiency of the company’s operations has improved, and the dividends of the reforms are expected to continue to be released. • Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
2. Shanxi wine (60809): growth is continuing and growth is continuing (2021-10-29)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.