The Sansai wine was announced for comment, and it's very bright, and it's very strong.
The net profit of more than $2.7 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by more than 50 per cent in the same year to 36 per cent, mainly as a result of a further increase in the share of cerebral wine, which we expect to outperform 2021q1 (about 40 per cent) and show strong momentum.
At the sales fair in 2021, the company once again identified the wine as a necessary option for the revival of the wine, stating that in 2022, it would be a major push for policy in terms of incentives, focusing on resources and ensuring that "the wine" would be used.
In January-February 2022, the share of flowers rose. According to feedback from sources, the quota system will be strictly enforced, a new product will be controlled, and a new product will be launched.
The new chairman, General Yuan, has been in office since the beginning of his term, and has maintained the established 1, Shanxi Liquor (60809): Quarterly Review of 2021: High Growth and Growth, Intra- and Intra-Provincial Markets.
The strategy is to continue to promote a high-quality development of wine in all its aspects. Regionally, companies are clearly expanding at the same time. 2021-10-29.
2 Shanxi Liquor (600809); mid-2021: product structure upgrades, year-round targets are expected to release the potential for consumption in the south market and accelerate the national chemical process.
3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance prognosis and investment rating  Profit projection and investment rating: the power of wine is constantly released, the process of nationalization is continuing to accelerate, and new assessment: profit supermarket expectations, nationalization is steadily moving forward
The Chairman took office in January of this year, and the established strategy continues. We will have the Securities Investment Advisory Board in place, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, for the years 2021-2023.