Shanxi Liquor (60809): The monthly trend is good, the January-February trend is good, the opening season is good, the company's total revenues in January-February 2022 were more than $7.4 billion, an increase of 35 per cent +, and the net return to the mother.
The company's overall trend is positive, and we think it's safe to see 2022q1 performance.  Continue to focus on the Qinghua series, with the provincial focus on China East and South China.
In 2022, the company continued to focus on the Saffron series, with a high number of hits, and the Bozo continued to control the volume;
In terms of extra-provincial expansion, there are three main markets that focus on East and South China.
The second is the market of China’s East and the third is the market of China’s South. The emphasis placed on the markets of China’s East and South China (the markets of Jiangjun and others) and China’s South markets (including mainly the port of Kanaeng and the two lakes) has been placed on both markets.
The Shanxi Wine Incident Review Report: Performance Award Five Points for Futures, Deep Nationalization Report: Reforming Progress
Looking forward to 2022, while the company's performance slowed in the same year as in 2021, the harvest is still promising deep water, and rational and pragmatic progress forward - 2021-12-27 The Treasure Study of Shanxi Liquor (60809): Recovering in
We think that the next five points for the company are: the almond village brand and series of brands, the gin and the bamboo bronze core driving companies.
The development of almond village brands and series of brands is a useful addition. 2) The Great Health Industry Platform is centred on bamboo leaf, which is a core brand created by the company in the future and is expected to be released in the future.
3) The Qinghua series continues to boost the company's product under the "two strong waist" strategy.
4) The regional expansion has led to the implementation of the “1357” nationalization scheme, which has gradually built up 31 provincial + 10 direct management area marketing structures, with an increase in the share of revenue collected from the provinces and beyond in the 1455 period from the current rate of 4:6 to the future rate of 3:7.
5. As the structure of the company is gradually completed, the product structure optimized and nationalized, deepening, the net interest rate of the company is expected to rise from more than 20 per cent at present, with the impact of scale, to a sustained release of the current brand, with a focus on a 30-year revival.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, disease-delayed consumption, under-growth of ceremonial flowers, presentation by the Food and Beverage Group, Sunshan Hill: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.