Sinyshan's credit transfer, plus coded raw wine production, contributes to high-quality development, and the company's announcement is that it will invest $9.102 billion in the construction and implementation of the rum 2030 conversion.
\triangleright Repository Extension Project (phase I), which covers 1932 acres of land and is planned for a three-year construction period, expands the original wine storage capacity to protect the medium- and long-term development.
Around the corner (including the main plant area + the liquor industry in leasing), as the product structure of the company continues to be optimized, the demand for high-quality production capacity continues to grow, according to the medium- and long-term development strategy for rum and the “145” market data: 16 March 2022
Planning, companies need to continuously expand the production capacity of the original wine. When the project is completed, it will be effective in raising the capacity to produce and store the wine. This expansion will be not only a quest for scale, but also a build-up of quality, brand ownership, competitiveness, and so will the capacity of the company to produce.
A high-quality development of direct support alcohol, which is expected to yield a total of $7.4 billion a month, a 35 per cent increase over the same period, and a net return profit to improve operational efficiency.27 In order to overcome the effects of the epidemic in each marketing area, it is expected that the spring season will be complete in advance.
In addition, since the change, we believe that the strategic objectives of the company are clear and remain unchanged, following the 14th Five-Year Plan; that the marketing system is stable; that the goal of nationalization is unchanged; and that structural upgrading is not the same.
Accompanies high-quality growth. The Saffron series continues to work, focusing on four improvements in the future. The Saffron series grew significantly in January-February 2022. Saffrons are a necessary option for future development and are expected to continue to work.
Three indicators were identified at the conference to measure the development of the wine: a target on sales, a target on sales, a target on end 20, an indicator on guidance for the leaders, an examination of the various areas, and a guide for the distributors to focus on the resources on the flower. The next three years will be a major strategic development period for the wine, 2022.
The year will be crucial, and companies will focus around maximizing brand values, focusing on the optimization of market structures, high-quality development of ginseng and wine in the exclusive stock market.
In 2022, the target of high-end + nationalization of corporate products in the medium to long term was clear, scale effects were highlighted and management performance was optimized, profits increased at a faster rate than income, the risk of an over-expected epidemic, out-of-mission expansion, macroeconomic risks.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.