Sancie's food beverages (60809), with enough rhythm and strong growth momentum, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Four seasons of active cargo control, leading to early savings in the coming year. 1. The company has made better progress in completing its full year ' s assignment in the first three quarters, four quarters of active cargo combing channels, the level of late 21q4 pipeline stock has reached a low level, and the company has taken the initiative to slow down the pace to stabilize the price plate and consolidate the terminal for high-quality development in 2022: 2, 21 q4 seasons
The rate of profit growth has slowed considerably, and it is expected that companies will increase their advertising input and consumer growth, and that part of the tax costs will be concentrated until the fourth quarter, resulting in a period of pressure on net interest rates. The year 2021 was a remarkable year for nationalization, with the new steps.
The strategy, which includes 20 surges of leadership, a solid recovery drive for the marketing of circles and consumer development, a smooth flow from Panama and the Old Shiraito provinces, the continued momentum of Bolivia's voluntary controls and the continued optimization of its product structure; and 2, the national expansion of wine, which now stands at 28 markets over a billion, with an increase in the number of distributors throughout the year.
More than 300, with a growing share of major business excellence, the number of controlled terminals has reached over a million; the long triangles, bead triangles and other markets are gradually being built into the harvest period, with their turnover and consumer self-identification increasing from year to year.3 The company continues to promote the formation of marketing ladders, flattening and rejuvenation, forming a 31+10 regional fabric.
The Bureau, after 80% of the current regional sales directors, the marketing team is strong, and key activities, such as building channels, price protection, and consumer development, are well advanced. The opening period of 2022 is expected to lead the first line of wine.
Prior to the season, the stock levels of wine channels were at a historically low level, the distributors were active, the primary monochromes such as sunflowers and boars continued to ferment, and the 22-year period of performance was open.
Both are expected to achieve faster growth, with a strong green flower and a strong bovine; the company’s product structure is more varied, robust and robust.3 The new chairman, who is very old, has set 22 years of brand values as a primary goal, pushing for higher-quality development with a clear “four focuss” and “four holdout”.
The company’s branding speeds up release, national expansions are gaining ground, and it is expected that Shanxi wine (60809), growth continues.
2. Shanxi wine (60809): performance continues to exceed expectations, 3. Shanxi wine (60809): high-end integration with nationalization
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.