Shanxi wine (60809.sh) Xiaohua continues to lead high growth, bright start, year-round research, quick review of the company.
In 2022, the market as a whole was well marketed, with high-end products such as the Saffron series increasing significantly, with both business earnings and net profits being realized.
In January-February 2022, gross operating income of more than $7.4 billion (more than 35 per cent of the year) was projected to be realized, with a net profit of over 2.7 billion net home country food and drink view: 1) January-February opening performance was met and sales of flowers and bounties continued to gain momentum; 2) corporate brands and channels were rising and performance was expected to be steadily realized; and (3) investment proposals: firm high-end and nationalization were well advanced, looking at firm growth in the medium and long term,
In January-February, the opening performance was met, and the sales of Saffron and Bottles continued to gain momentum, and in the spring of 2022, corporate returns and promotional sales were outstanding (an expected return rate of about 30%), guaranteeing opening performance. The January-February performance surge was slightly higher than expected.
The firm’s brand name and channels are growing, and performance is expected to be steady.
The company's nationalization has progressed well, with the current market growing by 30.5% over the same period, with the number of dealers outside the province increasing to 1.05 million. Looking ahead, there is a prospect of continued and steady growth in both green and white flowers in the context of stable demand in the provinces, and rapid growth in such markets as the provinces of East and South China.
The long-term path is clear, the market can continue to rise, the senior managers can no longer hinder the pace of corporate growth, the company’s objectives are better structured and more effective over 22 years, the cost rates are expected to decline slightly, profit rates are expected to rise further, and future performance is expected to be steadily realized.
In view of firm long-term growth certainty, combined with company performance forecasts, and fine-tuning previous profit projections, we expect that the period 2021-2023 will be 2021-2023, with the risk of macro-economic fluctuations, large-scale recurring risks of the epidemic, and the need for high-end alcohol less than expected. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author