The Sini Sanctuary's report is based on a performance announcement.
The growth is high, with a target of more than RMB 1 billion and a 35 per cent increase over the same year; the net return to the mother is expected to be more than RMB 2.7 billion, while the management of the business is stable and the company continues to grow high. According to the performance announcement, January-February 2022, the forecast is as follows:
The increase of 50% over the same period is mainly due to the fact that in 2022 the company continued to build up brand power, to improve overall efficiency, to overcome the effects of the epidemic in the marketing regions, to pre-empt the spring season, to the market as a whole.
It's a good start, and there's a big increase in medium- and high-end products like the Saffron series. In addition, we think that the strategic objectives of the company will remain clear, with one job in the 14th Five-Year Plan; the marketing system will be stable; the goal of nationalization will remain unchanged; and the structural upgrading will continue.
The Saffron series continues to be active, focusing on four improvements in the future. The Saffron series grew significantly in January-February 2022, and the Saffron is a necessary option for future development and is expected to continue. Three indicators were identified at the 2021 Distributors Conference to measure the development of Saffron: the Saffron Sales Index, which ends at the end of the 20th century.
Basic data: End-of-December 31, 2020 indicators, guidance indicators for opinion leaders on cerebral wine, examination of areas, and guidance for distributors to focus on cerebral resources. The next three years will be a major strategic development period for ceremonial wine, 2022.
The year will be critical, and companies will focus around maximizing brand value, focusing on market structure optimization, net equity returns: 35.09 per cent of the high-quality development of rum.
In 2022, the opening of the door was made clear in the medium to long term in view of the goal of high-end + nationalization of the company's product, the impact of the scale and the optimal level of management operations, the profit increase was higher than the income increase, and the Tiansanxi Securities Company Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.