The company expects the year 2021 to be attributable to the company ' s 2021 profit increase. The company expects the annual return net profit to the mother to increase on a year-on-year basis in 2021.
The impact has diminished, consumer demand has recovered, and the impact of the low corporate performance base has subsided. The company ' s profit growth of 2020q4 is over-expected, taking into account the company ' s success in raising prices for the company ' s green flower and bozo series, the effects of market expansion, and the fact that it is subject to taxes and taxes.
The company's development strategy of “breathing flowers, hips, and a steady rise in the nationalization process has accelerated the release of brands. With the upgrading of the product structure, the company's Saffron series has grown rapidly, and the company's production has grown rapidly.
The company is now committed to nationalizing the market strategy of “1357+10.” While taking advantage of the dominant regional market around the mountains, the company has stepped up its efforts to expand the market south of the Yangtze River to promote steady breakthroughs in the markets of Jiang, Zing, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, etc.
Increased distribution of channels and better marketing structures. Since 2021, companies have further optimized marketing organizational structures, bringing new and old exchanges of marketing cadres to the development of marketing teams.
At the same time, companies are actively increasing their channels, increasing their penetration rates, and increasing the market influence of brands. By the end of 2021, companies had more than 1 million controllable terminals in the national market.
The company’s recent successful marketing conference, the CEO of which indicated that the next three years will be a major strategic development period, with 2022 being critical. At the same time, the company presented a “four focuss” and “four strong” on future high-quality developments.
In addition, the company noted that the next phase of the overall reform approach “133238” would be to further strengthen marketing organizations around the three main markets.
As a white-collar leader, the department will continue to build on the tone of the Quaker Speed, increase brand influence, and continuously optimize the product and channel structure. With the catalytic effect of multiple reforms, the company’s performance is expected to grow more resiliently in the future.
Macroeconomic issues, food security issues. The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.