The profit ends are growing fast and the sunflower-led structure continues to upgrade. \triangleright \triangleright
Operating efficiency, overcoming the effects of the epidemic in the distribution regions, early spring seasons, good marketing in the overall market, and large growth in medium- and high-end products like the Saffron series. The fast growth of the Saffron series led to higher profits.
The product strategy of \triangleright Stewardship is designed to further optimize the product architecture and continue to promote the growth and marketing of the Saffron Circle.
The company pushes up the plate by lowering costs, adjusting the structure, lifting quality, folding the Saffron Quota System, and the price of the Saffron Liquor.
The grid system has entered a positive cycle. We believe that a series of high-end and higher-end price-bit products could be expected to be an important growth in corporate performance in 2022, of which the rejuvenation version is 30. The rejuvenation of the 1,000-dollar belt, gradually entering the circulation channel, helping to raise the brand image of the ceremonial brand and boost corporate overall profitability.
Nationalization continued to expand in 2021, reaching 2,144.298 billion yuan in q3 provinces/outsides, in addition to the market layout of \triangleright “1357+10” and the expansion of the market south of the Yangtze River to promote the development of the river, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The market has broken steadily, with more than 1 million controlled terminal points in the company ' s national market, according to the company ' s pre-performance announcement, and growth is still strong in the provinces, with the company south of Yangjiang expected to remain secure in 2022. 1. Shanxi Liquor: exceeding the target for the year 2021.
2022, "open door red" \triangleright 2. 3-quarterly reporting point for Shanxi Liquor (600809).
Upon retirement, Mr. Li Qiuxi applied for the resignation of the chairman of the company, the director, the director of the board of directors' strategy committee, the assessment report: performance continued to grow rapidly, the "1357+10" campaign nominated the committee member, after which Mr. Li Qiuxi would no longer hold any position in the company.
The holding stockholders' Liquor Group, in accordance with the requirements of its work, recommended Mr. Yuan Qingmoo as a member of the Board of Directors for the eighth session of the company, and Mr. Dong Shanxi Liquor (60809) for the second half of 2021: The Chairman is to be appointed after consideration by the Board of Directors of the company and the Shareholders Assembly.
High performance growth, sustained product optimization, 52 years old, former Deputy Director of Traffic Department in Shanxi Province, secretary and director of party committee of Shanxi Transport Holdings Ltd.
Long, familiar with business operations, a smooth change in corporate management is expected, and corporate performance is expected to continue to benefit from branding.
Investment recommendations: rapid growth in corporate earnings for January-February, mid- and high-end products, such as the troangleright series \triangleright Quarterly Review: product structure continues to be optimized, provincial expansions are made
Significant growth in goods, leading to a continuous upgrading of the corporate product structure, based on company performance forecasts, expectation of research findings from company \triangleright methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.