Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance meets expectations, kicks in, slows down in four quarters, opens spring festival, and according to the performance report, we expect 2021q4 net profit from the mother to be $360 million--
The high performance in 2021 was due to the following factors: 1) companies continue to deepen the “1357+10” market layout, increase their efforts to expand the market south of the Yangtze River, and promote steady breakthroughs in the markets such as the river, Xi, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, etc.; 2) insistence on “catching Qing Xing”
The product strategy of Flowers, Elevation, Stable Bottles, further optimizes the product mix, and we expect that the Saffron series will receive more than 30 per cent of the total, and that the Bounty series will receive less than 30 per cent of the total: 3) more than 1 million controlled terminals in the country's market.
Taking into account the combination of spring rush factors with company advance payment factors (contract year targets at the end of 2021q3, active preparations are under way for the opening of the spring festival and the opening of the spring festival.  Continue to focus on the Qinghua series, with the provincial focus on China East and South China.
In 2022, the company continued to focus on the Saffron series, with a high number of hits, and the Bozo continued to control the volume;
In terms of extra-provincial expansion, there are three main markets that focus on East and South China.
The second is the market of China’s East and the third is the market of China’s South. The emphasis placed on the markets of China’s East and South China (the markets of Jiangjun and others) and China’s South markets (including mainly the port of Kanaeng and the two lakes) has been placed on both markets.
Five points of view for future companies, as the process of deep nationalization unfolds, and the brand rejuvenation is about to take place, and we think that the next five points for the company are:
It refers to the Almond Village brands and series of brands, the Nucleus of Liquor and Bamboos, which are useful additions to the Almond Village brands and series of brands. 2) The Great Healthy Industries Platform, with bamboo leaves at its core, is the company's future.
A core brand, which is expected to be released in the future. 3) The Saffron series continues to boost the company's product series under the "Bumping Two Bumps" strategy.
The regional expansion of the “1357” national distribution, with the gradual construction of 31 departmental + 10 direct management area marketing organization structures for the 1455 period.
The share is expected to rise from the current 4:6 to the future 3:7.5.) As the structure of the company is gradually completed, the product structure is optimized and nationalized. Deepening, net interest rates are expected to rise from more than 20 per cent at present with the effect of scale.
The company’s current branding is constantly being released, focusing on the 30-year revival of Saffron into a high-end drinking camp. Based on performance forecasts, we have slightly adjusted the 2021-2023 ps as a macroeconomic downside risk, a disease that drags consumption, the growth of Saffron is not as high as expected, and saves.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking hard about white wine plates, and deep-seated thinking and insight into wine. Reflecting my research views, I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.