The reason for the report is: performance forecast rating, 2021 successful withdrawal, 2022 high-quality development.
Expanding efforts to promote steady breakthroughs in the markets of Jiang, Zhen, Xian, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, etc., and maintaining the product strategy “Cleaning flowers, market data: 25 January 2022, strong waist, stable bouncing” to further optimize the product structure, which was achieved during the year.
High growth in business performance. Of this 21q4 net profit of $355-663 million to the mother, the same profit is the best in history, the market order is the best in history, and, in the current situation, the opening of the door in 2022 is more certain.
At the beginning of 2021, the company optimized the marketing structure, completed a new and old mix of marketing cadres, became a major player in regional and provincial managers, and after 90 years, a large number of marketing staff were added to the marketing line, stimulating the marketing team.
At the same time, the market distribution areas have pre-positioned spring festivals, Middle Autumn, and National Day net asset returns: 35.09% and other sales seasons, focus party buying channels, end-publishing activities, distribution structure
Channels continue to be optimized, with more than 1 million controlled terminals in the national market; the distribution of the wine series has steadily increased under the influence of Saffron 30 (renewal version). Over the next three years, it will be a major strategic development period, with 2022 being critical, and the company will revolve around brand values.
Maximize, focus on the optimization of market structures, focus on product structure, focus on quality upgrading, focus on management upgrading, and promote quality development of wine in all its aspects. 2021 was the year of the 14th Five-Five.
\triangleright \triangleright \Sc.S.A. High-end products, nationalization of markets, and double-wheel drive are among the main drivers of performance growth.
In the long term, the goal of high-end + nationalization of corporate products is clear, and performance is more certain. Future growth is expected, so as the product structure is upgraded, scale effects are highlighted, and the risks of operating the epidemic are over-expected, state-owned reforms are not as fast as expected, extra-provincial expansion is not as high as expected, macro is not as high as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.