It's been a long time since I've been able to get my brand back up there.
The company closed its doors in 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company took the initiative to control the speed of delivery, and during the spring of 2022, the distributors were more motivated to make payments, and the company's core product was in the pipeline stock, s0340121020013.
The net profit was more than $2.7 billion, which was more than 50% higher than the previous year. Due to the epidemiological factors, the company ' s revenue in the first quarter of 2021 grew rapidly on the basis of a low base in 2020. As the low base factor subsided, the company ' s operating income increased somewhat in January-February 2022.
In February, it opened its doors, and in March, the volume of the product was lower, and it was expected that in March 2022, the base of the company's income would grow rapidly, and brands would continue to rise. In the course of its development, the company pursued a strategy of “breathing flowers, strong waist, and steady bounties” with a double-wheel drive.
According to the company’s January-February business data, high- and medium-end products, such as the Saffron series, have grown significantly, business earnings and net profits have been historically high, the Saffron brand power continues to grow upwards, and the high-end process is continuing.
At the same time, the company’s boulders have been growing steadily after a favourable price, and the company’s product structure has been further optimized. Nationalization has accelerated, and marketing structures have been further optimized.
In parallel with the market of the dominant region around the west, the company has increased its efforts to expand the market south of the Yangtze River to promote steady market breakthroughs such as the river, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, and Xi, to bring radiation to the national market. Since 2021, the company has further optimized marketing.
The organizational structure, which has created a new and old mix of marketing cadres, has given new impetus to the development of marketing teams. At the same time, the company has actively increased channel layout, increased channel penetration, and expanded brand market influence. By the end of 2021, the company had a controlled terminal in the national market.
In 2021, the new chairman pointed out that the next three years would be a major strategic development period, with 2022 being crucial. At the same time, the chairman of the board was at the meeting on high-quality developments in the future.
The “Four Focuses” and “Four Persistences” are proposed, noting that the Saffron series will continue to be a key player in the company's development, further developing strong brand power and increasing market recognition. In addition, the company will implement the overall reform approach of the “133238” in the next phase, moving further around the three major cities.
In the first place, the company will continue its “quick” tone, increase brand influence, and continuously optimize its product and channel structure. With the catalytic effect of multiple reforms, it is expected that the company’s performance will increase significantly in the future.
Long space. Maintains a “recommended” rating for companies. Economic issues, food safety issues.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.