Sansai's perfect year of graduation in 2021, fast running in 2022, issuing a performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to return to the mother's net gain of $5,234 million to $5,542 million, compared to the previous year.
The Qinghua series is growing at a high rate, with markets both within and outside the province growing at a faster rate, with a 70-80-per-cent increase in net profit in 2021, leading the white wine industry significantly. (1) By sub-products, the company promotes a high-end strategy for its products, raising awareness of the Qingixiang class, catching flowers, having strong waist, and having a stable botanium.
The rejuvenation of the 30-storey set of 1,000-dollar price bands, and the high-end sales of the 20-year-old series, the Saffron series as a whole, are growing at a very high rate.
In the subregion, income doubled. (2) The provinces benefited from the coal economy, and the provincial markets were rapidly released and expanded to the south of the Yangtze River, promoting steady market breakthroughs such as the rivers, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, and Xiang, respectively. (3) At the beginning of the 2021s, the company optimized the marketing organization structure and completed the marketing work.
New and old, 80-year-olds become the main players in regional and provincial managers, and a large number of 90-year-old salesmen have been enriched to the marketing line, stimulating the internal dynamics of marketing teams. The structure and channels of distributors have continued to be optimized, with more than 1 million marketable terminals nationwide.
The four-quarter income recognition rate is slow, but the end demand has remained strong. Given the favourable market conditions at the end of 2021, stocks are in a historically low position, and the 2022 spring season is a strategic good wine, and the echo is a good opportunity for the layout. (1) In the last five years, the wine has been 50 dollars and 50 dollars.
At the same time, of the most powerful products of the sub-highly famous wine, Xian30 is a rare variety that doubles the price. Both of these are proof of the strong branding power of the wine, looking ahead to the future, no matter how many thousand.
According to the microbarrel news, at the Global Wine Dealer Congress, Chairman Yuan Qing Mao said that the 2022 wine would be a win-win, a hit-and-take-up. We believe that the new director of the wine has an excellent curriculum history and experience.
The new team will soon be able to close and continue the course of change, and continue to move fast. (3) Thanks to a combination of top management changes, the spread of the epidemic, and so on, there has been a much larger overhaul of the wine so far in December.
Using the market price of 25 January 2022 as the standard, " Shanxi wine: high-end power, high-growth growth on a high base " channel stock is over-expected, market style switching.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing