A successful transformation, leading a new model in the electric-car industry, more than half of the new energy business, a successful transformation of the electric-car supplier, a company that is engaged in research and development, manufacturing, manufacturing, manufacturing and other vehicle parts and components in a combined vehicle, a commercial vehicle, a powered car, a car, a car with a car, a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car, a car with a car.
The company now has brands like aito, sesres, windlight, small east wind, and razzle. The main business consists of the whole car product, the total power component, and the three main sections of car parts and components. The whole car product, the company covers new energy cars and fuel.
Cars, mainly representative models, including aito question world m5 and m7, Sylishu sf5, wind light 580, small east wind k01 and Ridzec35ii, etc.; in total power output, the company has produced 1.5t-2.0t boosters and engine products; in automobile parts and components, the company develops, manufactures and sells cars
Seats and interiors. 62.03 per cent of the company ' s revenues from new energy operations have exceeded those from traditional fuel trucks, and the company has become a technology manufacturing firm with new energy vehicles as its core business.
Liu Makino, who is fully empowered to lead a new model of car-making, shows the distribution of the prices of the new energy-type vehicles from the top 50 sales in 2021, and the suv over the price range.
Wide, 15-20 million vehicles are the most competitive. Two hundred and fifty million suv & b cars with prices, driven by model3, Biadehan, have the highest sales; more than 300,000 suv new energy sources are currently few, and the market is divided mainly by modely, ideal one, and so on.
The company collaborates with China in the “think-selection model” by engaging deeply in the design of car models and brands, and by doing its best to empower companies in terms of technology and channels.
It is expected to occupy a seat; m7 high-end location, leading luxury commerce, directly towards the ideal one; m5 mass delivery in March, creating the fastest industry record of a new brand, single-car, 87 days worth of broken sales; m7 pre-sale 2-hour purchase orders breaking 20,000 orders and 4-hour purchase orders breaking 40,000; pure electricity
In the case of smart electric trends, the technological attributes of the company have increased significantly, the valuation hub has moved upwards, and the autonomous brand will drive a curved overboard. Keep in mind that, with the help of China, the company’s performance has been increased + the space to revalue.
The risk of weak automobile consumption, the risk of weakened support for new energy vehicle policies, the risk of increased competition in the market, the risk of shortages of raw materials, the risk of less-than-expected construction of production lines
Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor, and hard technology; two, smart cars, and robotics; and three, new energy sources. If not, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report belong to China Securities.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.