Cyrus (601127.sh): The first half of the year has seen a nearly four-fold increase in new energy revenues, starting with a surprise in the line of vehicles: on 20 August, the company disclosed its semi-annual performance report for 2022 and achieved a business gain of 2022 h1
Lu Ka-min's sales of new energy vehicles are showing good performance, leading to revenues from new energy operations on a par with +380.8%. On the revenue side, they benefit from a significant increase in new energy vehicle sales, and corporate revenues from new energy operations in the first half of the year.
7701 million yuan, or +380.8 per cent of the year, or 62.03 per cent of the revenue; in the export sector, about 30,000 vehicles sold outside the Ministry of Justice in the first half of the year, an increase of about 103 per cent in the same year and more than $1.8 billion in offshore operating income, an increase of about 145 per cent in the same year; in the sale of vehicles, the company ' s new energy vehicles accumulated in the first half of the year
46,000 vehicles sold, or 20,451 per cent of the same year, of which the Cyrus brand sold 22,000, or +884.98 per cent of the same year, the fuel truck sold 80 million, or 32.05 per cent of the same year; in terms of R & D inputs, China was able to aito, asking for a series of different types of vehicles.
33.18 million yuan for positioning technology, luxury smart power-drive suv, full aluminium alloy chassis, harmonyos smart cabin, 1.5t four-cylinder (with 15:1 ultra-compressive ratio, 41% ultra-high thermal efficiency), etc., Wltc continued on more than 1,000 km, according to data from the home of the owner of the car, 1-
M5 sales in July were 815, 1061, 3045, 3245, 5033, 7021, and 6128, with a total of 26,000; in addition, the pure electrical question world m5ev opened on 27 July and is scheduled to be released by the Department in September.
Luxury wisdom big suv; original six-to-one booster power is always in a horizontal layout, with a significant reduction of the l113 distance to 422 mm, with a spatial transformation rate of up to 92.4 per cent; first commercial zero gravity on board industry, seating and harmonyos cabin; electric power is as high as 330kw, with a maximum of 660n m, zero.
For 4.8 seconds, Wltc will be able to continue a combined flight of up to 1,000 km; according to the number of homeowners ' homes, the delivery of the first month (July) for m7 was 1,100, and an additional $7.13 billion will be raised for a full-scale new energy operation.
71.300 million dollars is spent on electric vehicle-type development and product platform technological upgrading, plant intellectual upgrading, and the construction of power-driven production lines, user centres and replenishment of mobile capital.
"Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Development and product platform technological upgrades: total investment of $4,748 million, including 6 electric power units.
Automobile model development and upgrade of de-i platforms and technological upgrading of a range of products. 2) Plant intellectual upgrading and power-driven line construction: total investment of $633 million.
The construction of power-intensive power-driven high-soft production lines. 3) The construction of user centres, with a total investment of 227 million yuan, has led to the construction of 20 new offline user centres in the country’s major cities. We believe that this increase will enhance the company’s performance in the production, marketing, research and development of new energy vehicles.
Investment proposals: By working with China, the company has developed considerably in the field of new energy, and we risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, lower sales of cars, less than expected, less than expected.
\triangleright Figure 2: Net profit from the company ' s calendar year to its parent Figure 4: Quarterly net profit from the company
Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates for Companies & Net Interest Rates
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous branding. Cao Zij, a Master of Economics from Beijing Polytechnic University, and a Bachelor of Arts in Technology, cover mostly intelligent cars, car networks, and new components of car-making that are not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.