Sunshine Power (300274): Inverter +epc tap, Sword to Sunshine Power in the Age of Light Storage
The business layout is consistent with the new energy trends and is more synergizing. The company focuses on photovoltaic reverse transformers, and, after many years of development, on solar, wind, storage, electricity, has completed the “reverse changer +pc+ storage” business layout and is committed to becoming a new energy system solution.
New energy power equipment and system solutions, such as motor vehicles, are decided upon by the provider. The power station system integration (epc) will be a key element of parity, while “high-technology enterprises that develop, produce, sell and service new energy-plus.
Repository energy will address the instability of new energy sources, the main products of future photovoltaics, wind power, etc. that become the main power sources, such as photovoltaic converters, wind transformers, storage energy, and the reverse transformer is also an important component of power interaction.
Systems, new energy vehicle-driven systems, water-surface photovoltaic floats, layouts are in line with new energy trends, synergies are highlighted, and integrated competitiveness is strong. In 2019, companies achieved smart energy services, etc., and are committed to providing global access.
The company is responsible for a total of 13,003 million yuan, an increase of 25.41 per cent in the same year, a net profit from the mother's return of 893 million yuan, an increase in the same year, and a major national science and technology project, which led to the drafting of a number of countries.
Of these, 10.24 per cent, the power station system integrated operations generated $7.9 billion, an increase of 35 per cent in the same year, the inverter income household standard, and achieved a number of important results and patents.39 billion yuan, an increase of 7 per cent in the same year, the storage capacity of 543 million yuan, an increase of 42 per cent in the same year, and the inverter stable.
Reversers lead the business, and overseas markets are growing fast. Reversers have around 30% of the domestic market, and have remained first for many years, while foreign cities have 15%, and are ranked second, 9gw in 2019.
In February 2020, the company exported US$ 12 billion (excluding Indian factories), ranking first. The share of revenue of companies affected by the epidemic in 2020q1 fell by 17 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit of the parent fell by 7 per cent, but the attributes of long-term photovoltaic growth remained unchanged, and the company inverters and the pc were core competitive and long-term good.
Ihsmarkit predicts that the annual capacity of storage batteries will be 10.6gw or more by 2025, while annual co-location of equipment is expected to grow to $840 million. With the rapid development of storage technology, storage capacity will continue to grow.
With the ability of companies to integrate into the world’s leading storage systems, three-star sdi set up two storage co-financing companies in 2015. To date, over 900 global storage projects have been cumulatively completed, covering a variety of storage applications.
The sun power (300274): Inverters + pepc taps, swords refer to the age of light storage.
1. The business layout is consistent with the trend of new energy sources. Sunshine power sources were created in 2007 and marketed on the Shenzhen Enterprise Board in 2011. The company is a company that focuses on solar, wind, storage, electric power.
High-technology enterprises that develop, produce, sell, and service new energy power sources and systems solutions, such as automobiles. The company is China’s current largest photovoltaic reverse transformer manufacturer, leading domestic wind currents, and has full autonomous intellectual property rights. The main products are photovoltaic reverse transformers, wind transformers, storage systems, new energy motor-driven systems, hydrovoltaic floats, intelligent energy transport services, etc., and are committed to providing the world’s first-class light.
The company has undertaken several major national science and technology projects, led to the drafting of national standards, and achieved a number of important figures: The solar power development process, which has kept the rise in revenues, and the net profit recovery. Under the 531 PV policy, the net profit return of the company grew negatively in 2018.
The return to high growth in corporate net profits in 2019 and the continued steady rise in revenue, with companies earning $130.03 billion in 2019, an increase of 25.41 per cent in the same year, and net profit returns to mothers amounting to $893 million, an increase of 10.24 per cent in the same year, have benefited from the company ' s continued development of the domestic market, while also increasing the trend in corporate operating revenues abroad.
The company’s net interest rate on the Māori rate has fluctuated slightly in recent years, reaching 23.81 per cent in 2019 and 7.01 per cent in net interest rates. The company’s sales and management costs have increased significantly, mainly as a result of higher costs of sales personnel’s salaries and related office fees, travel, etc.
This is largely due to increased R & D spending.Fig.4: Corporate M & A and Net Interest Rates (NPEs) Reserve Operations are expected to become the main revenue-contribution business in the future.
Figure 6: Corporate revenue formation (millions of yuan) is continuously invested in high R & D and building core competitiveness. Since its inception in 1997, companies have focused on new energy generation, with over 35% of R & D personnel, taking over 20 major national science and technology projects, and leading the drafting of national standards, which are very few in the industry.
By the end of 2019, the company had accumulated 1232 patents, 477 of which were invented, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the Sunshine Power (300274); the inverter plus the pepc tap, the sword means the age of light.
The company actively promoted the development and optimization of relevant standards within the industry by organizing the drafting of several national standards.
Figure 8: Corporate R & D personnel and share 2. Reversers leading enterprises, rapid growth of overseas markets, short-term impact of 2.1 epidemic, global photovoltaic growth properties unchanged
The global market for photovoltaics has enormous space. The EU Renewable Energy Directive calls for renewable energy sources to account for at least 20% and 32% of energy consumption in the EU by 2020 and 2030, respectively, while, according to studies by etipv, photovoltaic power is the cheapest form of electricity in Europe at present and is the preferred option for renewable energy generation, with countries providing policy support for photovoltaic development.
Table 1: Support for national photovoltaic policies. New installed aircraft affected by the epidemic may have fallen slightly in 2020. The global volume of new photovoltaics was 121.35gw in 2019, with a global aggregate of 610gw in 2019. Global gw markets reached 16 in 2019, compared to 7 in 2016-2018 and 13 in 2016-2018.
Bumper's new energy projections, affected by the epidemic, total global photovoltaic demand in 2020 was 108gw-143gw, better than the previous projections of 121-154gw in 2020, and the number of domestic photovoltaics is expected to increase. After the baptism of the 531 New Deal in 2018, the light of our light, which is expected to rise.
Voltaic power costs have been falling steadily, and prices in the entire industrial chain have been substantially reduced. Over the last 10 years, the cost of photovoltaic components has fallen from about $40/w to less than $2/w, a drop of more than 90%. In 2019, the number of additional photovoltaic loaders fell by 32% compared to 204.3gw.
At $1.5 billion, the domestic light-voltage machine will grow. China's Photovolt Association predicts that, by 2025, we will be able to reach the source of financial growth in the East, the Sun (300274), the inverter plus the pepc tap, the sword means the age of light storage.
2.2 The National Reverser Market, with its excellent performance abroad, is the heart of the solar photovoltaic system. Its effect is to convert the direct current power generated by solar cells into exchange electricity that meets the energy quality of the grid. It is one of the most important core components of the PV station and is key to ensuring the reliable operation of the PV station in the long term and to increasing the return on investment in the project.
Reversers will also increase with the increase in the number of photovoltaics and will increase significantly in anticipation and in the future. Figure 11: Photovoltaic converters applications suggest a strong domestic leader and an expanding overseas market.
For the first time, Sma, which ranks first in a series of years in terms of global shipments, became the company with the largest volume of global photovoltaic inverters, accounting for around 30 per cent of the total, with the largest share of domestic markets, 15 per cent of foreign markets, and the second in a series of years, with bulk sales to more than 60 countries, including Germany, Italy, Australia, the United States, Japan and India, with overseas shipments increasing year after year, and in 2019, the global volume of global shipments was 17.1gw, an increase of 2.4 per cent.
Domestic shipments fell 31.9 per cent compared to the previous year, 9gw from abroad, an increase of 87.5 per cent compared with the same year, and companies have accumulated more than 100gw in the global market, becoming the world's first inverter to break through the “billion” kilowatts, and receiving China's photo-voltage parity in 2019.
In 2019, the total volume of goods delivered by the company, both domestic and foreign, was 51.91gw, with exports totalling US$ 2,341 million. The export of solar power sources was US$ 293 million, and the export volume was 7.92gw, the second highest, with exports accounting for 15.25 per cent.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms: Figure 14: Export of Reversibles in 2019, top export in February 2020, far above China. In February 2020, exports of Photovoltaic Reverts totalled 2.4gw, with total export value.
US$ 85 million and US$ 12 million (excluding Indian plants) in exports of solar power sources, ranked first, 463.71mw in domestic exports of solar power sources, while 480mw in Indian plants, with a total overseas output of 943.71mw, far ahead, ranked second in China (548.23mw in volume). Figure 17: Reverse transformer exports in February 2020
The company’s new sg3125hv retroorganiser, launched on February 14, is 99% more efficient than industry averages, with a maximum tolerance ratio of more than 1.8 times and a support array of 12.5mw, which means an additional 1.8 million kwh per 100 mw photovolt power station for 25 years.
Lower initial investment by $10 million and lcoe by more than 3%. At the same time, the two-source mode of work enhanced support for the grid, with no response being less than 30 milliseconds and less than 150 milliseconds. In March, internationally recognized inspection, validation, testing and certification bodies sgs issued the first national photovoltaic reverse transformer for solar power.
Certificate vde4110&4120, also the first in the country to pass the German standard of co-connection by medium- and high-pressure. 2.3 Based on high-quality inverters, power station operations have developed rapidly, based on the accumulation of photovoltaic reverse technologies over more than two decades.
Based on strong financing, excellent core system equipment development, leading system integration design capability, providing a holistic solution to the development, design, construction, trading, and intelligent transport of photovoltaic power plants throughout their life cycle.
Corporate power station operations generated annual revenues of $7,939 million, an increase of 32%, Māori growth of 24%, peaked at a year-on-year peak of more than 9gw in the development of photovoltaic power stations/windfields, and were built on a scale greater than 1gw in the Anhui and Guangdong regions, becoming the invisible champions of systems integration technology. Overseas operations continued into the markets of Viet Nam, Australia, South Korea, the Philippines, Indonesia, Chile, and opened new markets in Brazil, India, Bangladesh, and South Africa.
During the year, three power stations were successfully connected to the grid in Viet Nam; three power stations in the Australian market were completed; and the Bangladesh market was awarded the first bid and signed: the Korean market was successful in signing a contract for the supply of one-stop storage.
Figure 20: Mäori and Mäori rates for corporate power stations 3. Active deployment of storage facilities to expand new growth points 3.1.
The storage system is an important component of the six main components of the process of electrical production: “promotion, transmission, distribution, distribution, and storage.” The storage system enables energy transfer and promotes the use of new energy sources; microgrids can be created to provide electricity to unelectrified areas; peak frequency can be adjusted to increase the stability of the operation of the power system. The storage system is of strategic importance for the construction of smart power grids.
In order to promote a low-carbon society, renewable energy, many governments, regions, or states have put in place subsidy policies that promote the production of storage capacity, as well as its installation and application in different areas. Active subsidy policies have given impetus to the growth and expansion of storage capacity in many countries, such as the sgip policy in California, and the home-to-house subsidy policy in Germany and parts of Australia, all contribute to the development of local storage capacity.
Table 2:2019 Reserve Subsidy Policy The source of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence is used to stimulate 10,000 new battery storage systems.
The Energy for Energy program will reward 40,000 new battery storage systems. The government of India is developing a direct subsidy program of Rs.7 billion, which will only attract Indian and foreign companies to participate in the battery manufacturing program in India.
The Bavarian Government will provide a subsidy of 500 euros for at least 3 kwh storage systems with each increase in the German/Bavarian residential light storage system
1kwh, the government will oversubsidize 100 euros, up to a maximum of 3,200 euros. At the same time, the storage system will have to move towards a better trend in global storage capacity. Hismarkit predicts that a total of 4.3gw of grid-connected battery capacity will be deployed globally in 2019, with a cumulative load of 182.8gw and an annual installed capacity of 10.6gw or more by 2025, while annual grid-connected equipment collection is expected to take place from
In 2018, $3.7 billion increased to $840 million in 2025, or 12 per cent of the cagr. The largest share of water pumping energy is derived mainly from its mature technology and lower cost, but by contrast, chemical storage capacity is the most widely applied and potentially developed storage technology. By the end of 2019, the cumulative load of electrical and chemical storage capacity was 8089.2mw, an increase of 24 per cent.
In 2019, China’s storage industry moved steadily forward. According to the cnesa Global Repository Facility, the size of China’s transportable energy project’s build-up was 32.4gw (with physical, electrochemical, thermal) by 2019, a 3.6% increase compared to the world’s highest.
The cumulative capacity of the storage energy project was 1709.6mw, an increase of 59.4% over the same year, for a total of more than 580 electrical and chemical storage power plants. The White Paper 2019 on storage industry estimates that by the end of 2020, the cumulative capacity of China’s storage energy market was 45.16gw.
Figure 22: The cumulative load size of China’s shipped chemical storage project, “photovoltaic plus storage capacity,” is becoming a hot spot. The cost of the benefits is falling and policy support is starting to improve the allocation of resources through storage capacity.
By the end of 2019, China had shipped a total of 290.04mw on storage projects, representing 18% of the total amount of the Chinese storage energy project, an increase of 12% from the same year. Inner storage projects can be divided into centralized light storage and distributed light storage, depending on the application model, which is mainly large for storage and the "tri-north" area.
The combination of PV stations accounts for 56% of the total size of all PV projects; the distributed PV applications are relatively diverse, with 3.2 companies active in all PV projects at the station, increasing value added, early deployment of the company's PVs, and significant overseas market expansion. With the ability to integrate the world's leading storage systems, the company held up in 2015.
Three Starssdi formed two joint ventures: Three Star Sun Storage Battery Ltd. and Sunshine Three Star Storage Energy Co. Ltd.. Currently, core storage equipment, such as a single power of 5-2500kw, lithium batteries, energy management systems, is available, with the ability to integrate the world’s leading storage systems, and companies have the advantage of high integration, safety, efficiency, and intelligence in energy storage products. In North America, solar power sources alone exceed the market share of industrial and commercial storage energy.
15%: In Australia, the share of solar power households in the open storage system was more than 10%. By the end of 2019, operating income had increased by 41.8% over the same year, with a cumulative increase of over 900 global storage projects covering energy-type, power-type and other types of storage applications ranging from 0.5c to 4c, all operating safely and efficiently.
The company's power transformer, sc630tl, successfully passed through the high-low voltage test of the China Electric Science Research Institute and became the first in the country to charge electricity.
The current transformer sd250hv, which applies to the light-storage direct-flow coupling system, has successfully passed the North American csa recognition and obtained “green cards” for North American storage energy markets, such as the United States and Canada. Figure 25: Global ranking of storage-reversers suppliers in 2018
Figure 26: Global ranking of storage energy system integrators in 2018 4. Profit and valuation analysis.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Li Wanshan, Bachelor of Arts in Nuclear Science and Engineering, Xianan University of Transport, Qinghua University, formerly in the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection for nuclear safety review.
JUNDAN, BA, Shanghai University of Transport and Transport, University of Manchester (financial direction), May 2019
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Depth Report Sunshine Power (300274): Inverters plus pepc taps, swords point to the age of light storage and do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.