New products such as pd-1, fast-disbursing, increasing R & D inputs, collecting 16,945 million (+36.01%) from Jodh Ji, and net profit from the mother (3,735 million yuan (+28.26%),
Billion dollars (+31.15%). The company’s new products are phased out, its operating income is higher than expected, and it has achieved a high growth in its income through quarterly collections of protein-based varieties such as violet supremol, pd-1, 19k, etc.
At around 20 per cent, various species such as Butorphinol and Heptafluoroaltanes continued to grow, with a slight decline in the acquisition impact of the right-wing Metomia belt intake; the Ministry of Images and Industry is projected to increase by more than 40 per cent at a similar rate, with high iodine gsalol, with a projected annual income of 1.6 billion yuan, and the year-round sale of hydrable hydrates is expected to exceed the annual sales of microballs.
Research and development investment continues to grow and corporate innovation pipelines are progressing well. Corporate research is progressing well in the first three quarters of 2019, with multi-adaptive conditions such as company pd-1 and co-pharmacological clinical trials taking place at home and abroad.
The company's investment continues to increase. Carrill's lymphoma, which was successfully approved for the classic Hodge King lymphoma, is heavily invested in four major tumors, is expected to be declared in the second half of this year in the case of carcinoma, liver cancer, and in the first half of the year, the company submitted a new application for a second-line drug to treat hepatocyte cancer.
In terms of eligibility for a priority review, for stomach cancer, the joint Apadeni treatment program has successfully entered clinical phase three, while in the case of non-small cells, several joint drug programs of the company are in clinical phase three. Today, the company Rima Xillon, the Bervadadsbill antibiotic analogues are expected to perform in a successful manner over the next two years.
1 Heung Swe Medicine (600276): New products  Prospectives and investment proposals: a sound corporate business style, diversified product lines, and a gradual release of seeds, with increased R & D inputs
The combined folfox4 front-line treatment is late.
The company, as the leader of the industry, benefited from the policy’s innovation benefits and increased concentration, so we maintain the “buy-in” rating. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.