Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Pharmaceutical biology innovation drives growth and research and development investment in sustainable innovation at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: Companies achieved operating income of 16.95 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 36 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of 3.73 billion yuan, an increase of 28.3 per cent in the same year; net profit after deduction of 3.54 billion yuan, an increase in income of the same year and growth driven by the release of innovative varieties.
Net profits of $6.92 billion and $1.32 billion, respectively, increased by 47.3 per cent and 32 per cent respectively, and increased by more than 2018 q3 per year. The main reasons for the continued acceleration of income growth in 2019 q3 were: 1) sales of line products were activated after the sale of the line lines, the integrated line dominated by Ere Scheffer, non-Buzzhear, and iodized gramol.
The rapid growth in the volume of film agent products; 2) The contribution of the newly approved sales of heavy-pound varieties in 2018 was evident, with 19k, pelioni and violet saline (teprotein-combined) having been approved yielding distinct revenues, of which the purple filamentol (teprotein-combined) continued to be in demand: 3) at the end of July 2019, the company ' s heaviest pound
The product pd-1 is a break in revenue against official sales. The cost rate was normal during the first three quarters of 2019, with 36.4% of the cost of sales and 0.9 percentage points lower than during the same period in 2018: the management cost rate is a sustained high proportion of R & D inputs, and heavy weight products pd-1 are declared for more than one new adaptive condition.
The research and development investment was $2.9 billion, representing 17.1 per cent of the revenue, an increase of 67 per cent over the same period, and an increase in the absolute amount relative to the share of the company ' s new record. Four new clinical declarations were made in the first three quarters of 2019 for one new type of innovative medicine, including two 1 class and two 1 type of biopharmaceuticals. To date, the company has accumulated nearly 50 new types of drug declared, within the country.
The company’s research and development investment and accumulation for many years continued in 2019, and the company’s heavy-pound pd-1 species were approved in May and officially marketed at the end of July; the new adaptation of pd-1 is proceeding in sequence, single-drug liver cancer treatment has been reported, and the Apadaloni joint treatment for liver cancer has been developed.
The U.S. conducts iii-procedural treatments for end-of-life esophagus cancers on the second line of the single drug, for the first line of the combined pelictic cascadone treatment, and for end-of-life non-small cell lung cancers, which have been declared on the market. The production site verification has now been completed and is expected to be approved by the end of 2019.
High levels of R & D investment have yielded tangible results and are driving a rapid shift in companies toward innovation, and the revenues from innovation will rise rapidly to respond significantly to the impact of generic pharmaceutical collections on companies’ counterfeiting operations.
Extension cycle to promote a corporate shift from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical companies, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of 2. Heung Swe medicines (600276): approval of anti-cancer heavy pounds and continuous improvement of oncology products (2019-07-10)
3. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Super Heavy Pd-1 in place against approval, with the most dynamic growth (2019-06-02)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.