Today, the company publishes its three-quarters report for 2019, which shows a higher than expected income, a slight increase in the use of new medicines and generic drugs. The income is 1.95 billion yuan, 36% of the year; the net profit from maternity is 3.74 billion yuan, the same amount.
Corporate performance is higher than expected, income loops are better than accelerated performance, q3 seasons are bright, neoplasms are new, batches and film agent varieties are rapidly released: companies are achieving a similar rate of growth of about 36.01 per cent, q3 quarter revenue ends are about 47 per cent higher than the same rate, and we expect to sell some of the generic drug varieties with new tumours, microscopic agents, some of them.
The new batch of neoplasms, such as pd-1, pyrolyoni, 19k, and platinum violet, have been growing steadily overall, Apalyni is expected to be on par with last year, and the right Metomi is expected to receive the tape purchases, and the company is expected to enter the catalogue when negotiations for an innovative medicine insurance are under way.
2. The company ' s performance is as expected, with a significant increase in R & D. It is expected that more than 150 varieties will be included in the negotiations, and preliminary results are expected to be released in November.
The price reduction is now estimated to be around $25,000 per month, with the policy of giving drugs being the “3+3” programme; 19k the single winning price at a national minimum price of approximately $3680 per penny. Next year, it is expected that the company’s performance will be slightly higher than expected, with the quarterly round improving.
Research and development costs continue to increase, and early clinical potentials and overseas clinical diversity are expected: in the last three quarters, fda clinical, shr 1702, shr 1701 were approved for clinical approval, pd-1 joint Apateni fda entered three stages of clinical clearance, pd-l1 joint l-15 was approved for cde clinical approval.
There is no shortage of new drugs in the variety of beds, and it is recommended that attention be paid to clinical advances in new medicines such as l-17, pd-l1/tgf beta in the country’s clinical context, as well as to progress in the overseas Pd-1 joint Apateni first-line clinical programme. Given the company’s record of selling innovative drugs on the market, and the growing availability of high-quality generics in the country and abroad.
We maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating for steady growth. We expect uncertainty in Li Yingray's procurement of generic pharmaceutical belts in 2019-2021. There is uncertainty in the follow-up on research and development of innovative medicines.
The impact of zero tariffs on anti-cancer medicines in China is uncertain. There is uncertainty about changes in prepaid payments, investment returns, out-of-service expenditures, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment