Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Innovative medicine contributes to high growth, and research and development inputs are re-innovated – and three-quarter revenue-end supermarket expectations. Companies achieved operating revenues of $16,945 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 36.01% over the same period; they are attributed to listed company shares.
Corporate fundamentals (update) – Innovative Drug Helpers’ high performance growth.
Since its marketing in July, rapid release has led to high growth in the tumor line; before this, pd-1 has three major adaptive disorders (second-line liver cancer, second-line esophagus cancer, first-line share price performance (last year)
Non-small cell cancer has been included as a priority in the country's research and development; the approval of heavy pounds of adaptive disorders and co-medication will boost the continued rapid release of pd-1 and take up a larger share of the domestic market at pd-1. In addition, last year's oncological use was approved.
Protein violet, pelican and 19k are also in high growth, and the overall growth of the company’s tumor line is expected to be around 40%. Research and development inputs are re-innovated.
Use, R & D, R & D, and financial costs are 36,37%, 8,98%, 17,11% respectively, double R & D costs in the same period last year, re-innovation of R & D, driving corporate innovation, moving forward with pharmaceutical research and development, and companies are rapidly moving towards imitation-based innovation.
This report is made by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report but will not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the report does.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.