q3 income is rising at a remarkable rate, and the future of the innovation champions is on track for the three-quarterly report of Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) Heung Swe Medicines (600276).
Of this, in the third quarter of 2019, the company achieved $6,919 million, a year-on-year increase, as a result of increased inputs from clinical trials of innovative medicines; sales cost $6,164 million, a year-on-year increase.
Increased investments were made during the period in the partnership for investment in the health industry of Xiamen Xiangcheng; the long-term cost of amortization increased by 93.75 per cent over the beginning of the period, mainly because of the renovation costs of Fujimei, Shandong Shendi and Sengdia, Suzhou, net operating cash flow of 2,608 million yuan, an increase of 27.19 per cent over the same period.
(i) High overall robust growth in performance, q3 single-quarter income acceleration Overall robust growth in performance, influenced by increased R & D inputs, profit-end growth below income billions (+28.26 per cent), deducting non-mortality net profit of $3.536 billion (+27.25 per cent) and profit-end increase
The rate of cost increases during the reporting period, mainly due to higher R & D inputs. The cost rate for the previous three quarters was 61.83%, an increase of 3.40 pp over the previous three quarters, of which steady growth was faster and R & D inputs continued to increase.
The profit rate is about 42.70%, and the q3 quarter net return profit rate is about 57.03%, maintaining a high rate of growth. In the Māori rate, the company ' s Māori rate was 87.18% in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase that matched expectations.
2.218-10-26 Heung Swe's three-quarters of medical reports follow-up in depth: q3 q3 q3 q3 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3
The company’s product structure is rich, and many business plates, such as anti-cancer, anti-film agents, are still leading the country. On anti-cancer, it benefits from the Kareli pearls against Hodgkin lympa.
With the approval of tumor adaptive disorders, as well as the release of platinum, protein violet, 19k, etc., the rate of income increases further, prognosis being 40% +. In the case of imaging agents, the expected 40% + growth will continue, and corporate leadership and high growth will continue.
(ii) The heavy-pound product pd-1 is well marketed, the adaptive expansion plus co-medication with Apadaloni is growing rapidly after the international market for drugs k and o, and the domestic market is approaching the pd-1 year in 2018, with huge potential for future growth. Keytruda of Mercado is on the market in 2014 and is currently receiving treatments, including late and late.
Non-small-cell lung cancer, late-stage melanoma, transferary cervical cancer, classic Hodgekin lymphoma, urinary skin cancer, digestive cancer, cervical cancer, b-cell lymphoma, highly microsatellite unstable physical tumors, etc., were sold in 2018, amounting to US$ 10 billion. The adaptation of drugs k and o is still expanding, with sales estimated at over US$ 10 billion in 2019.
The Ims database shows that global market sales of pd-1 antibodies amounted to $14,178 million throughout 2018, that domestic markets were only approved for products in the second half of 2018 and that sales for the same period amounted to $6,437.5 million, or less than 0.05 per cent.
Chikin lymphoma. Injecting carricorns is a human-induced antipd-1 monoclonal antibodies that can be combined with human pd-1 receptors and block pd-1/pd-l1 routes to restore anti-cancer immunity to the organism, thus forming the basis for cancer immune treatment. Primarily applicable to relapses/problems that have undergone at least two-line systematic treatments (including auto-blood stem cell transplants)
Hodgkin lymphoma. The company's pd-1 unit was added to the cde priority review list on April 23, 18, 18, and was approved for listing on May 30, with the treatment of Hodgkin lymphoma. Prior to the Kareli beads, the domestic market had imported products with bms o and Mossatón k, with the treatment of second-line non-small cell lung cancer and second-line black cancer, respectively, since 2018.
In general, there are no significant differences in the timing of the listing of products of the same kind, and future competition is expected in the area of adaptation.
Three adaptive products have been reported for single liver cancer, single dietary cancer, first line of joint pulmonary treatment for non-small cell lung cancer, among which non-small cell lung cancer and dietal cancer adaptive disorders have been included in the cde priority review.
In addition, with reference to the published test progress and related data, Carrell's response to appropriate symptoms, such as nasal cancer, has yielded excellent results in our view that lung, liver, dietary cancer, etc., are highly adaptive.
The combined drug based on pd-1/pd-l1 became a hot spot for oncological immunisation, and the combined drug against Apardeni is ready for future use. The response rate to the combined Apareyoni is for late lung, stomach and liver cancer.
There has been some improvement, with the best possible treatment for liver cancer, and the combination of these two clinical programmes for the first-line treatment of terminal liver cancer has now been endorsed by fda, and the global multi-centre clinical iii trial has been possible. In addition, the application for clinical trials for the treatment of late liver cell cancer (hcc) in Karelijugni, a single anti-Apatoni, has been approved by cfda.
In the same race, the full autonomy of Apadeni will be a positive advantage for Heung Rui’s leadership. We believe that the company’s Carrill Bill, despite being granted a little bit behind its domestic counterparts, will be rapidly released with its many adaptive advantages, leading the way in development, co-medication, strong anti-cancer marketing teams, and so forth.
(iii) Increasing investment in R & D, increasing product pipelines, and the competitive advantages of firms in R & D, leading by innovative R & D capabilities. This is reflected mainly in: (1) increasing investment in R & D. In absolute terms, R & D investment in R & D was 2,899 million yuan, an increase of 66.97 per cent.
The company has developed a vast variety of pipelines. The company has basically developed an annual clinical application for innovative medicines, with a positive development in the listing of innovative drugs every 2-3 years. The heavy-pound product Kareli Pearls, anti-Hodgkin lymphoma, has been approved for marketing; shr-1316 injection fluids, injections of shr-1501, seacrappa ethanol tablets, etc., have been approved for clinical trials; and the sorghum beams are included.
cde priority review, expected to be marketed in the course of the year; pd-1 lung and dietary cancer adaptation included in the cde priority review, expected to accelerate progress. (3) Strengthening research and development team building. The company has built a research and development team of over 3,000 people, of whom more than 2,000 PhDs, masters and more than 100 expatriate employees, and has developed research and development in the United States, Japan and China.
We believe that sustained corporate investment in R & D will provide strong support for corporate project R & D, guarantee continuous technological innovation and contribute to long-term sustainable development of companies. Figure 3: Corporate R & D investment (millions of dollars)
The public sector is the absolute leader of the country’s pharmaceutical innovation, and has taken a leading role in the fields of anti-cancer, anaesthesia, and film-making agents. On the domestic front, the company’s heavy load of new drugs, the Carrillbill, is on the market, and is expected to be rapidly released with the company’s sales team’s advantage.
In the future, market competitiveness will be further enhanced by expanding adaptive conditions. At the same time, the inclusion of thallium benzulfonate in the priority review list, with a 19-year approval rate, is expected to increase further performance. At the international level, the corporate internationalization strategy has continued, and the agent export business is expected to contribute to elasticity. On the one hand, the product represented by phosphate continues to contribute steadily to its performance.
As we move forward, the clinical program for the combined Apadeni against late-stage liver cancer has been endorsed by fda, and the global multi-centre clinical iii trial can take place. We look forward to a high rate of growth in company performance in the future, which corresponds to 70/54/43 times.
Industry competition increases risks; core skilled personnel lose risks; and production capacity expands less than expected.