Henry Medicines (600276) ophthalmology field, actively expanding product research and development diversification, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: The company issued a public announcement, and the company entered into an agreement with the German company novaliqgmbh to introduce cyclasol (0.1% cyclosultanyl a formulation) and nov03 (total chlorinated hexahexane) drugs used by the novaliq company for the treatment of eye disease, which will be the sole product of clinical development, production and marketing in China
In the field of active ophthalmology, product diversification has been successful. Anti-cancer, anaesthetic, and cinematography are the core business of the Department for many years, which accounts for more than 85% of the total income.
The company agreed with the German company Novaliagmbh to introduce the drug cyclasolTM (0.1% cyclotoxin a formulation) used to treat eye disease in the licensed area, i.e., the People’s Republic of China (including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan)
The cyclasolTM-licensed ophthalmology for all humans or kinetic ophthalmology, including, but not limited to, ophthalmia; the nov03-licensed habilitation is human or animal ophthalmological. The company will pay novaliq's “first payment + milestone” to a total of no more than US$ 170 million.
There is still a gap in the market for drugs for the treatment of eye disease. According to the Epidemiological Study " A consensus among experts for the treatment of stem eye disease " , 2013, the incidence of stem eye disease in China is about 21-30%; the treatment of the evaporation of evaporations associated with mgd is the majority of cases.
Low rates of treatment for internal eye disease and limited availability of treatments, low concentrations of cytocina drop-in are the most commonly used drugs for eye disease in the world today. Among the cytophoidsa drop-off fluids currently used for treatment of ophthalmology, the United States has marketed products such as restasis (0.05%, emulsions) and the sun.
The pharmaceutical cequa (0.09%, nanogel beam solution); the European marketed products include lkervis (0.1%, ion-namma emulsions). The domestic market is not available for cyclasol, a drop-eye product adapted to stem eye disease.
More than $1.2 billion a year was sold as the world’s largest single-brand droplet product.
• Sustained high innovation in R & D inputs (2019-10-26) and sustained significant growth in R & D inputs (2019-08-30)
4. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Obtained, continuously perfected oncology products (2019-07-10) Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Super Heavy Pd-1
No one received any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, for not having been, not having been, or having been, given the approval to do so (2019-06-02).
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.