CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Weichai Power-A (000338 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Correction offers buying opportunity; Diversification strategy on track
Target Price
RMB14.30
(Previous TP
RMB15.90)
Up/Downside
+19%
Weichai's share price has dropped 6% since the release of 2019 results. We
Current Price
RMB12.05
see the correction a buying opportunity as we believe the growth drivers are
well intact: (1) the inclusion of more Shandong SOEs under SHIG, parent
China Capital Goods
company of Weichai, will help boost Weichai's sales; (2) the diversification into
non-road machinery engine is on track; (3) macro policy to support
Wayne Fung, CFA
infrastructure spending should boost the demand for construction trucks. We
trimmed our 2020E/21E earnings estimates by 7%/4% on lower margin
projection and lower sales estimates on overseas business that operated by
KION (KGX GR). Our SOTP-based TP is adjusted to RMB14.3 from RMB15.9.
Gross margin contraction should not be an ongoing trend. Gross
1,174
margin in 4Q19 narrowed 3.2ppt YoY and 1.8ppt QoQ to 21.1%.
Management explained that the reason for the lower margin in 4Q19 was
Total Issued Shares (mn)
5,991 (A)
1,943 (H)
due to a change in product mix. The strong sales of certain type of logistic
Source: Bloomberg
trucks in China boosted the demand for Weichai's WP10H product (which
carried lower margin compared with that of the high margin 12L engines).
Shareholding Structure
That said, we do not expect a continuous margin contraction, given
Weichai's strong bargaining power on the back of consolidating industry.
More opportunities following the consolidation of Sinotruk and Lovol
Heavy Industry by SHIG. In Oct 2019, SHIG was granted in Oct 2019 20.8%
state-owned shares of Lovol Heavy Industry, a company that manufactures
Share Performance
construction and agricultural machinery. This opens up a new opportunity to
Weichai. Weichai targets to achieve annual sales of 100k units of
continuously variable transmission (CVT) powertrain to Lovol in future.
Source: Bloomberg
Meanwhile, given the consolidation and management reshuffle of Sinotruk
have largely been completed, we expect Sinotruk will focus on sales volume
12-mth Price Performance
growth going forward. Weichai targets to achieve annual sales of 100k-200k
units of MDT and LDT engines in future. All these, together with the
expansion in hydraulic powertrain and high-speed large-bore engine, will
help Weichai achieve much higher level of diversification over the coming
few years.
■ Risk factors: (1) weakness in HDT and engine demand; (2) further
downside risk on overseas business; (3) technology risk.
Source: Bloomberg
Earnings Summary
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Related Reports
China Construction Machinery
Sector - Scenario analysis on the
resumption of factory production -
China Heavy Duty Truck Sector -
Potential change in market share
China Construction Machinery
Sector – Four structural drivers to
extend the upcycle to 2020-21E -
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Key takeaways from post-result conference
Core business:
About margin in 4Q19. Management explained the reason for the lower margin in
4Q19 was due to a change in product mix. The strong sales of certain type of
logistic trucks in China boosted the demand for Weichai's WP10H product (which
carries lower margin compared with that of the high margin 12L engines).
Synergy effect will be seen following the corporate restructuring. Sinotruk
(3808 HK, BUY) will increase the procurement of Weichai's engine. Medium-duty
trucks (MDT) and light-duty truck (LDT) will all be equipped with Weichai's engines.
The volume will potentially increase to 100k-200k units per year. However, such
sales will not affect Sinotruk's in-house production of MC11 and MC13 engines.
Weichai believes HDT demand will be resilient over the coming 3-5 years.
There are currently ~2mn units of NES III trucks in operation, which will be
eliminated going forward. Besides, easing monetary policy will boost infrastructure
spending this year, which will drive further demand.
Hydraulic components for excavator industry. In China, there are ~100k units of
excavator currently using imported hydraulic components (Total market size: RMB
10b-15bn). Weichai has been actively expanding into this segment in order to
achieve import substitution. Weichai will focus on hydraulic powertrain, with a key
focus on 15t to 20t (or above). Weichai will leverage its advantage on the
technology of electric motor, and believes it's capable of achieving 50% market
share in future.
CVT powertrain. Weichai has been working on the development of CVT powertrain
systems for agricultural tractors (150 horsepower or above). Lovol Heavy Industry,
an agricultural equipment manufacturer (Weichai's sister company), will procure
100k units of agricultural engine from Weichai.
High speed large-bore engine: The large-bore diesel engine market is currently
dominated by the overseas manufacturers such as Caterpillar, Cummins, MTU
Liebherr and Mitsubishi. Global market size reached 150-200k units, mainly in the
overseas. Weichai is leveraging the technology of Baudouin (a French company
acquired by Weichai 10 years ago) to expand into the large-bore high-speed engine
segment.
Revenue contribution from industrial engine. Weichai exported 20k units of
industrial engine in 2019, and targets to achieve 40k units in 2020E. Weichai
expects revenue contribution of 30-40% in 3-5 years.
KION Group:
In China, KION is shifting from high-end to mid-end to drive sales.
COVID-19 will inevitably affect KION and Linde in the overseas market.
Fuel cell battery commercial vehicles:
Shandong province has abundant supply of hydrogen
City public transportation / port vehicles are suitable to apply fuel cell battery
technology.
Long-term sales target:
Engine: 2mn units
Hydraulic powertrain: 100k units
Gearbox: 2mn units
Shaanxi Heavy Motor HDT: 200k units
R&D and capex:
5% of revenue will be spent on R&D every year.
Capex upcycle in the coming three years with an annual budget of RMB7bn.
Dividend payout ratio:
Payout ratio will increase after COVID-19 under control
2019 Results Highlights
Weichai's net profit in 2019 increased 5% YoY to RMB9.1bn, 6%/5% below
our/consensus estimates. While revenue in 2019 is 2% above our expectation, the
discrepancy came from a lower gross margin in 4Q19, which narrowed 3.2ppt YoY to
21.1%.
Sales volume growth in line with expectation. Total sales of engine / gear box
grew 10.1% / 10.2% YoY in 2019. Sales volume of HDT increased moderately by
5% to 161k units, above the industry average growth of 2%.
Lower payout ratio expected. The proposed final dividend implies that the full year
dividend payout ratio is 38%, down from 59% in 2018. This is expected as Weichai
highlighted in the interim result that it would keep more cash for R&D and upcoming
investment.
Guidance for 2020E: As at end-2019, Weichai's order on hand amounted to
RMB38.4bn. Weichai targets to achieve 8% revenue growth in 2020E.
Figure 1: 4Q19 results highlights
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 3: Change in key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest
in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall
be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report.
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and
analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or
views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated
Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports
produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial
Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor. Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor.
as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons
only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.