China Telecom is a global leader in full business, an integrated smart information service operator, and, in the larger context of the digital economy, the company is fully implementing the "Cloud Changer."
The strategy is to accelerate the integration of cloud networks, and the transition from basic communication service operators to business-wide integrated information services operators has now taken place. In the first half of the year, the company industry’s digitized income reached 58.9 billion industry levels: the digital economy brings a revalued value. The digital economy is an important new direction for future development.
The operator will be deeply involved, reflecting two main aspects: 1) as the lead player in numeracy network building, the operator has a wealth of cloud network resources that can provide a basis for numeracy; 2) the operator as the data submission is the 52-week maximum/minimum price
The digital economy, as a blue-sea market that has not yet been fully exploited, is expected to lead to a revalued operator. The company’s traditional dominant trend is upwards, with a strong-scale industry leading.
By promoting innovative services, such as smart families, the Department promotes an increase in the value of integrated broadband arpus. In the industrial years, a “cloud conversion” strategy is proposed, which promotes cloud network integration; and, in terms of inputs, full corporate capital spending.
In 2022, the share of capital spending is expected to reach 30%; in the business layout, China’s telecommunications idc revenues, the number of machines, and the amount of cloud-net resources are in the forefront of the domestic industry. The sky-wing industry is in the vanguard, contributing to the construction of clouds.
Position, 2022H1 China ' s TNG revenue reached $28.1 billion, an increase of 100.8 per cent in the same year, Sky Wing, China ' s Telecommunications (601728.sh) - moving and fixed network operations are growing robustly, cloud operations are turning up, and China ' s telecoms are officially launched, with China ' s telecommunications taking the lead; in the case of the Replenishment Replenishment, Sky Wing Cloud has already started.
China Telecom (601728.sh) – Quarterly Double-Survey Revenue Growth, Industry Numbers — China Telecom (601728.sh) – Steady Growth in Mobile Operations, Digitalized Industry Towards Development
Profit forecasts and valuations: look at China’s improved telecommunications profitability and valuation repair logic. Keeping the profit forecast. China Telecom-601728-2021 Quarterly Performance Reviews: Double-digit revenues and profits are not as high as expected; increased market competition affects product sales and profit risk.
China Telecom: a global leading telecommunications operator, a fully digitally transformed integrated intelligence service operator, China Telecom is a global leading business-wide integrated intelligence service operator, on the back of the digital economy.
In this context, the company has fully implemented the cloud conversion strategy to accelerate the integration of cloud networks and has now made the transition from a basic communications service provider to a business-wide integrated smart information service provider that can provide connectivity, cloud, application, secure business-wide communications and informationization services for individuals, families, political and corporate markets
China’s telecommunications industry has undergone three major restructurings that have led to the emergence of a “three-pronged” situation. During the year, in order to break the monopoly of the postal and telecommunications industry, China’s telecommunications were fragmented and removed from its call-seeking, satellite, and mobile operations; the second, in 2002, was to break the monopoly of China’s telecommunications in the field of grid-fixing.
North-South operations were split; the third was in 2008; on the eve of the 3g development, six major operators were merged into three major operators, and the cdma system was integrated into Chinese telecommunications, making up for the deficiencies of the wireless network; the Chinese network, covering the city of IX in the North Province, was integrated into China connectivity, making up for the deficiencies of the network-resilient operations; and the iron connection was consolidated into China to make up for the movement.
As a result of the inadequacy of its network operations, the three main operators entered into a new market-based competitive pattern for the full operation of telecommunications (mobile operations + network operations). Following the reorganization in 2008, Chinese telecommunications began to operate the entire telecommunications operation for both mobile operations and net-fixing operations, and have so far experienced it.
The issuance of 5g license plates on June of this year is an important node that distinguishes three times. China’s telecommunications has the largest wide-banded Internet and technology-led mobile communications network, and a system of integrated, geographically and business-wide information services and customer service channels for global clients.
By the end of 2021, China had 372 million mobile subscribers to telecommunications, with a net increase in users remaining in the forefront for the fourth year in a row, with 170 million cable broadband users. The three major operators now shape the market landscape as a result of the restructuring process and market competition.
The absolute lead in mobile operations was shown when the country was reorganized in 2008, with 387 million mobile users (gsm), 4.192.6 million (cdma) and 121 million mobile subscribers, respectively; early on, China Telecom and China had a pre-existing edge in fixed network operations, and China had started moving after the iron connection joined.
The distribution of grids has been firmly fixed, with a high base of mobile users, and the counterpart-granted broadband model has opened the market rapidly, with a marked increase in the subsequent share of fixed grid moves; while the number of fixed network users in China has been moved back-to-back in 2018, it still has an advantage in network coverage and broadband services.
China ' s current operations in telecommunications are directed towards three main areas: mobile communications services (toc), grid-fixing and home-based services (toh) and industrial digitization (tob/g).
Differential application services continue to expand the size of mobile users and enhance their value. Personalized applications such as personal clouds, visual colour bells, telephone cards, etc., are constantly being introduced, and 5g features are being introduced.
Increased demand for family information in the entertainment, health, education and security sectors, focusing on household digital and intellectual needs, building family network delivery capacity around the “five minds” system, providing clients with comprehensive information services from traditional network-based communication to intellectual life upgrading, and continuously increasing the size of family communication and information users
Industrial digitalization: the company focuses on its clients, making full use of the resources of the cloud, net, object, number, and intelligence mix, and building the capacity of the industry to apply eco-enablement; at the same time, accelerating the process of political and entrepreneurial reform and increasing the ability of companies to deliver and operate digital products that are autonomously developed.
The large territorialized government sales, technical services, and transportation teams have become one of the most important typographical service providers for their clients. In the first half of the year, China’s telecommunications mobile telecommunications services generated $99 billion, an increase of 6.0%; and fixed nets and smart people.
Income from the Tribunal ' s services was 59.9 billion yuan, or 4.4 per cent more than the previous year; industry ' s digitized income was 58.9 billion yuan, or 19 per cent more than the previous year, increasing at a significantly faster rate than traditional operations (mobile and sequestered).
The share of traditional business has steadily declined, with industry ' s digital income rising steadily from 23 per cent to 27 per cent, reflecting the clear results of the company ' s transition to b-side operations.
According to the most recent data, the controlling shareholders in China Telecoma companies are China Telecommunications Group Limited, with a current shareholding ratio of 63.9%.
Other shareholders include Guangdong Guangjong Holding Group Limited (6.14 per cent shareholding), Zhejiang Province