The Center for Medical Health Research has been able to start new production, the cgt business is getting better, the cgt industry is getting better, and the outsourcing industry is expanding rapidly.
The size of the global cgt market has rapidly increased from $50 million in 2016 to $2.08 billion in 2020, and is expected to expand in industry, and the cro&cdmo market in cgt is expected to grow rapidly.
The model will reach $1.74 billion in 2025. wuxiatu, a new model for global ctdmo. wuxiatu, as a business platform for pharmaco-cond cells and foundations, has created unique ctdmo (contract testing, development, production outsourcing services).
1. “Performance expectations, innovation poles for accelerated growth-pharmaceutical business models that better address the current test, development and release complexity and difficulty in the cgt area and effectively address the costs of scaling up production.
2. "Cluster heights, cxo taps for accelerated growth-chemistry, with unique technological advantages, to further enhance the technical capabilities of company aav and slow-virus platforms through the acquisition of oxgene, thereby upgrading wuxiatu to provide integrated, end-to-end cell and gene therapy to clients. "
3. " Elephant dances, the advantage of the cxo flagship platform is emerging - the ability of product development and production services. Philadelphia and the new base in Hong Kong are operational, synchronized with a coded production capacity and a pool of talent. " 15 November, wuxi
4. An orderly expansion of capacity, with business fundamentals continuously moving towards good, was announced that the company ' s expanded new high-end testing laboratory at the Navyyard base in Philadelphia, United States, would be officially operational, covering 13,000 square metres, and that the post-partum delivery would enable the company to test output at high end.
On October 18, the company launched a new technology R & D and commercial production centre in Shanghai.
To enhance the global production capacity of the drug-based system so that clients can be provided with more flexibility and faster delivery times in terms of viral vector and cell therapy services. In addition, wuxiatu is constantly adding to the pool of talent, which is expected to have 300-400 employees in China by the end of 2021, and to have increased to 700-800 in 2022.
Work. We look forward to the future development potential of wuxiatu, which is expected to grow at a high rate.
The cell and gene therapy industry is very high, the cro&cdmo market is rapidly expanding, the cgt sector is rapidly developing, the market space is about to explode, and the cell and gene therapy (cell therapy, cgt) are divided into cell therapy, base.
The treatment of cells and genes is divided into two main types: cell therapy, which involves in vitro therapy, which allows the patient's cells to be retransmitted to the patient after certain modifications have been made; and genetic therapy, which involves internal therapy, which involves the import of external genes.
To the target cells in the patient, and then to treat the expression of the controlled protein at the genetic level for the purpose of treating the disease. The cgt industry has a high climate and the market is expanding rapidly. At present, cells are associated with gene therapy.
By the end of 2020, 1306 cell and gene therapy projects were at the clinical stage. By region, 40% of the cgt projects were in the United States and 20% of the cgt projects were in the United States.
China. By the end of 2020, the United States fda had approved 18 cell and gene therapy projects, three of which were approved in the last three years. We believe that cell and gene therapy will be a breakthrough in the next few years, and that the ceiling of market capacity will be opened.
Sullvan calculates that the global cgt market has grown rapidly, from $50 million in 2016 to $2.08 billion in 2020, and will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, and is expected to break the $30 billion mark by 2025. Meanwhile, China’s cgt market is fast.
Nor should growth be overlooked, especially the rapid growth that will take place after 2020, when China’s cgt market is projected to reach 17.890 billion yuan in 2025.
Figure 3: Global cgt market size (US$ billion) The global and Chinese cgtcro&cdmo markets will expand rapidly the cgt outsourcing industry. Cells and gene therapy have been developed compared to traditional chemicals.
The process is very complex, with higher demands placed on pharmaceutical companies, and the difficulties of R & D production relate mainly to the production of mass particles, cgmp virus research and development, and scale production. Therefore, we believe that outsourcing penetration in the cgt area will continue to increase; at the same time, we will benefit from the rapid size of the cgt market.
Growth will also rapidly expand the market size of the cgt outsourcing sector, leading to significant growth. According to frost&sullivan, the global cgtcro market size was only $400 million in 2016, but reached $710 million in 2020; market size as R & D in this area accelerates.
At the same time, China ' s cgtcro market has grown rapidly since 2016, reaching $7.86 billion and $19.74 billion in global and mid-year 2016, respectively.
Figure 5: Global cgtcro market size (US$ billion) China cgtcro market size (US$ billion) Figure 8: China cgtcdmo market size (US$ billion)
Cgt outsourced industry patterns are emerging, and wuxiatu has much room to grow in the future. Because of the huge clinical needs and the corresponding cgt research and development project, the future cgt outsourced city will expand rapidly.
And Xfordbiomedical, which holds a major share of the global market, has a 6.8% share of the global market, while the 65.7% share of the Chinese market is already the leading sheep in the Chinese market. We believe that the future will be further sustained in China.
Figure 9: Global competition patterns in cgtctdmo by 2020
Wuxiatu focuses on cell and gene therapy, three operations with unique technical advantages, wuxiatu, creating a new business model for ctdmo, and Wuxiatu, which is unique as a business platform for drug-ming Cond cells and gene therapy.
ctdmo (contract testing, development, production) business model. Compared to the traditional cdmo model, the new model can better respond to the complexity and difficulty of testing, developing and releasing current cell and gene therapy, thereby providing an integrated, end-to-end cell and gene therapy to clients.
In addition, through the acquisition of oxgene, wuxiatu absorbs the world's first-class viral vectors to develop platforms that further expand the advanced research and development capabilities of cell and gene therapy platforms.
Wuxiatu has over 1,100 employees worldwide, 8 factories with a total area of 800,000 square feet, with a total of 587 ongoing projects.c “t”dmo, with significant advantages for the testing operations.c
Wuxiatu has 30 years of experience in the field of cell and virus testing, focusing on cell and gene therapy, and now has more than 1,700 global declaration projects and 27 commercial batch testing projects; furthermore, wuxiatu is increasing its automation and will move globally in the future.
Wuxiatu has a significant advantage over other competitors, such as 90% on-time delivery, more than 90% meeting client standards for the first time, and correct delivery.
There are three broad categories: raw materials, tests and measurements, and product releases. Raw materials: cell banking tests, viral carrier release tests, safety tests for animal/human source raw materials, heterogeneity of patient cells, and a large number of complex raw materials in the cgt project.
Molecular tests, a large number of specific or customized tests, technical skills for specialization, and experience in managing the heterogeneity of patients.
Companies and traditional cdmo companies do not possess the capacity for in-house analytical development and testing of cell and gene therapy, but an integrated testing platform in wuxiatu can address all of the above challenges.
"Wuxiatu's 3decadesof"testing "experiencesincellandvirogging" 21,700+globalmissions commerciallotreleasese
"Testina ct'd" mo, built core technology platforms from inside and outside, acquired oxgene and built core technology platforms.
This acquisition will further expand the technical capabilities of the drug Ming Conde cell and gene therapy platform to provide integrated, end-to-end development and production services for cell and gene therapy products and to promote innovative treatment for patients worldwide.
Figure 13: The Oxgene acquisition of the fully integrated ctdmo platform. Through this acquisition, the Oxgene will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the drug Mingconde, which focuses on the foundation of the cell and gene therapy ctdmo drug; and, at the same time,
Xgene will retain the name of the original company and become the first research and development production base in Europe. Xgene’s participation will further enhance the capacity of the drug-based integrated platform, which will continue to push through the process of enabling clients globally to accelerate the development, testing, production and commercialization of cell and gene therapy products.
Mobilize more innovative treatments for early entry into the market. Currently, the integrated platform is divided into four main parts: oxgene, particlesdna, viral carriers, cell therapy.
Since its inception in 2011, with its innovative technology, research and development services, and strong scale production systems, oxgene has provided efficient drug discovery and production solutions for the cell and gene therapy industry. In addition, oxgene is used for gland-related diseases.
The new tessa technology produced by aav and the xlenti solution for the stable production of slow viruses have not only improved the productivity of cellular and gene therapy products, but also significantly reduced costs.
In addition, the platform can guarantee high-quality, continuous and high-yield (1-10g) particles dna within five days.
Chart 15: Production platform of the particles dna research, clinical-gmpandcommercial-gmpgradesavailable antibiotics-freemanufacturing process (regularly available, especialinchina)
Deliverssionhyghyields (1-10g) andhighqualiityplastin5days (tawtofil/finish) xaavTM suspended platform: the platform uses oxgene high-expression particles and can provide industry-led aav (2x10-2x1011gc/ml) yield (2x10-2x101gc/ml) and can produce high-quality products of 200-400l/ batch within 30 days; eight clients have recently expressed very high levels of satisfaction
ixgenehigh-performancelasmids(offtheshelf)deliverslistindustry-leadingaavyildsatharvest (2x1010-2x1011gc/ml) andhighqualityin 30daysfor200-400l/batch (tawtofinalfill/finish)
Excellentcustomsfactionofrecent8aavclients(eg, vigeneron) xlentiTM wall/suspension culture transient platform: the platform uses _oxgene high expression particles and can provide industry-leading lenti production (1x107tu/ml) at harvest and guarantee each batch
High output (100-200l); most recently, 12 clients have expressed a very high level of client satisfaction. Figure 17: xlentiTM wall/suspension culture transient platform using oxgenehh-performancelasmids (underofftheshelf)
(a) Deliberativeistindustry-Leadinglentyieldatharvest (1x107tu/ml) and highqualityineach adherentbatch (100-200l), orina200lsuspensionbatchin20days (tawtofinalfil/finish) excellentcustomsfaactionofrecent12entivvclients (2forglobalblafiling).
Closed car-t platform: the platform includes pre-established equipment, documents, raw materials, test catalogues and specifications that allow for rapid technology transfer to the production chain. In addition, closed car-t platform can be manufactured at lower levels of cleaners, thereby reducing costs and increasing production capacity;
>400 batches of auto-car-t already have experience. Chart 18: Closed car-t platform off-the-shelfmpgradchemicallydefinedmedia, activator, andcytokines
I don't know what you're talking about.
>400batchesofautologous/allogeneiccar-texperience neoplasm impregnated lymphocytes (til) platform: currently covered cancers are melanoma, transient black, cervical cancer, hnscc, and many other cancers.
or delivered, wuxiatu is currently a leader in the industry. Chart 19: Tumour leaching lymphocyte (til) platform tessaTMaav technology: the technology has multiple advantages: 1) significantly increased aav particles
Production; 2) improved quality of aav particles; 3) reduced a gland virus contamination by 99.9999%; 4) significantly reduced cog due to non-use of particles; 5) significantly increased magnification (>2000l) and process stability, further significantly reduced cog.
ctd “m”o, the full-cycle management of manufacturing ctdmo model, and the full-cycle management of manufacturing. The first step is three steps: the first is a cell and virus bank, and the first is a dedicated cell and virus bank, a R & D and commercial customer bank.
The second step is the production of particles, mainly at the levels of research, gmp and gmp, providing a process of production without antibiotics that can be used for mass production in cgt and mrna. The third step is cell therapy and the manufacture of viruses.
Figure 21: Producing full-cycle management ctdmo model cell&viralbanking cellherapy&vectormfg.
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Dedicatedcell & viralbanking technologies Gradeplasmid Production
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do that.
Banks process; supportingbothggt complicestandards
> 95% catchaccessibility >
♪ On-site & remotelongterm globalizations wuxiatu, constantly adding to the energy and talent pool ♪
Philly and Port-au-Prince bases are operational, and production capacity continues to expand on a wide scale worldwide to meet the growing demand from customers. At present, wuxiatu has factories in the United States, China, and the United Kingdom, four of which have test capabilities and nine plants.
China’s factory, which has 380,000 square feet of life, is currently the largest special cgtdmo in China. The plant is located on high bridges abroad, in port, and in tin-free areas, and is used for the full-scale treatment of particles, viral carriers, and cells and genes.
The new site in Shanghai is already in operation, and is the largest cell and gene therapy gmp production facility in China, with a global layout ranging from gene therapy to testing, pd and end-of-production end to endctdmo: wuxiatu
On November 15, 2021, the Pharmacy Condé was dedicated to the development of a laboratory for the expansion of the Philadelphia base.
Cells and gene therapy ctdmo's drug base announces that the company's new high-end testing laboratory, expanded in Navyyardki, United States of America, is officially operational. The new lab, which is now operational, is 10,000 square metres, and the postnatal delivery will triple the company's high-end detection of capacity, which will significantly increase.
The existing analytical development and high-end detection capabilities and scale of companies will further enhance the capacity of the integrated ctdmo platform for drug-based cell and gene therapy to better meet the growing demand for cellular and gene therapy products worldwide.
On October 18, 2021, the company’s new technology research and development and commercial production centre in Shanghai is officially operational. As the fourth production base in the world, the centre will significantly complement the globalized operation of the company.
The network, linked to three other bases in the United States, the United Kingdom, and China, provides a more efficient service to global clients through a strong production-capacity layout. Once operational, the port base will provide integrated process development, production and testing services for viral carriers and cellular therapy.
A suite and six complete carrier and cell production lines, with separate assembly centres and gmp levels, will further enhance the global production capacity of the drug-based system, thus providing clients with greater flexibility and faster delivery in viral vector and cell therapy services.
Wuxiatu’s capacity continues to expand, and new technology platforms are deepening. In 2020, the U.S. was built in Philadelphia, with a three-fold increase in high-end detection capacity: the acquisition of oxgene and the further enhancement of the company’s aav and slow-virus platform’s technical capabilities; this terminal operation is expected to further improve the company cells.
And the gene therapy industry, which effectively boosts production capacity and reduces costs. We expect to recover at the wuxiatu acceleration rate in 2022, which is expected to be a turning point for the atu plate into a high-speed upward trajectory in 2023.
There are more than 250 employees, of whom more than 10% have very high quality standards and meet global regulatory requirements, and many times through regulatory machines such as fda, have a strong industrial background. Wuxiatu has a high-level management team with a deep industrial background.
The team, of which Dr. Wuxiatu's chief executive officer, Dr. Zhang Xiaosheng, has 29 years of professional experience and has served in well-known multinational drug companies such as Rhodes, Gene Teck, etc. In addition, the six remaining executives have 10-20 years and more of experience in large multinational pharmaceutical companies with a strong industrial background.
The wixiatu pipeline is rich, driving continued high growth in performance, which rose to 1 billion yuan by 2020, with rapid growth. Operating income of 740 million yuan was achieved in the first three quarters of 2021, down from 780 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020.
Of these, 5.2% saw a strong growth in regional operations in China, with revenue growth of 187% over the year, partially mitigating the impact of the decline in regional operations in the United States. Currently, the share of business income in cell therapy is still relatively high, but in recent years the share of genetic therapy has been increasing rapidly; the United States is still breaking up by region.
As the cgt market continues to expand and corporate platform technology is being built, we expect the company’s performance to rise rapidly in the future. The rich ctdmo pipeline continues to expand.
Building, using global production to provide integrated testing, process development and production services to cell and gene therapy clients, serving multiple clients and assisting them in accelerating innovation. There are currently 326 test projects; 45 projects are in the pre-clinical and clinical phase, 28 of which are in the United States, and China.
There are 17; 6 projects are in the clinical stage, 6 of which are in the United States; 10 projects are in the clinical stage, 8 of which are in the United States and 2 in China; and 4 projects are in the forthcoming stage of submission of listing applications. We believe that there are rich and gradients of ctdmo pipes.
It will continue to provide a growth driver for wuxiatu, looking at the future growth potential of the company. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market will then result in an average of the final ratings, which will serve as an average market investment.