Nanjing Bank, with a smooth recovery of assets of excellent quality, built-in replenishments contributed to a return to capital levels. According to Nanjing's performance in the first half of the year, the growth rate was smooth, the net profit was high, and Roe was on the move.
The company’s two-quarter interest differentials have narrowed, and it is expected that the second half of the year’s pressure on the cost of corporate debt will provide space for interest differentials. The company’s asset quality is better than that of its partner, and the level of its provision is stronger. The company has taken the initiative to manage the growth rate, transform the development path of low capital consumption and promote a recovery in corporate capital levels.
The net profits of Nanjing Bank increased by 17.1% in the first half of 2018, 8.62% in the same year and 1.09 percentage points in the first quarter, mainly due to higher investment returns in the same period as last year’s low base.
The net interest income of the company for the first half of the year increased at the same rate (4.31 per cent) and the net fee income increased at the same rate, maintaining a high level of industry. The strategic adjustment to the shift to light capital resulted in a 35bp to 8.44 per cent increase in the core-level capital adequacy ratio at the end of the second quarter of the company.
Asset-end adjustments continue, with attention paid to the improvement in interest differentials resulting from lower interest rates on peer funds. The Nanjing Bank2 quarterly interest differentials have declined, mainly as a result of higher cost of deposits and peer funds, and we have increased the cost of the end-caliber debt by 18bp to 2.97% at the beginning of the period.
Improved rate of increase in deposits, but the percentage of structural current deposits fell to 35%, the cost of deposits fell in the first half of the year, and it is expected that a reduction in the cost pressures on corporate liabilities in the second half of the year will provide room for improvement in corporate interest differentials.
The asset quality remains excellent, and the base of the provision is solid. The end-of-season rate of the Nanjing Bank is 0.86%, with a flat ring ratio; we measure a further downswing in the company’s annual degenerative rate of production in the first quarter of the second quarter, and the ratio of loans to non-performing loans is between 15 pct and 97% lower than at the end of the 17 years, with a sharper negative perception.
The better-beneficiary asset quality performance has slowed down the company ' s provision, but the level of coverage is still higher than in the case of the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Ltd. The downside of the economy has resulted in a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and financial regulation is more than anticipated.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
Loan rate is 0.86% (+0bps, qoq). Loan ratio is 3.98% (2bps, qoq), with a provision coverage of 463% (2.45 pct, qoq). Corporate growth rate is steady, Roe maintains a higher industry level. Nanjing Bank net profit grew by 17.1% in the first half of 2018, corresponding to our expectations (17.7%).
An increase of 1.09 percentage points over the first quarter is due mainly to the higher return on investment, which was the result of a lower base for the same period last year. In the case of major operations, net interest income for the first six months of the company slowed at the same rate (4.31 per cent) and net fee income at the same rate (3.39 per cent), while Roe remained at a higher level in the industry.
The capital adequacy rate was 8.44%, an increase of 35bp over the first quarter, and we believe that the company’s higher roe level can support its own scale-up. Asset-based regulation continues, with attention paid to the improvement in interest differentials resulting from lower interest rates on peer funds.
At the end of the period, the rate of return on the company’s interest-bearing assets increased by 8 bp to 4.59 per cent over the first quarter, the cost of the interest-bearing liability increased by 18 bp to 2.97 per cent, and the narrowness of the two quarters’ interest-rate spread was mainly due to the faster upswing in the end-of-the-quarter cost of the liability. We believe that the end-of-life cost was due to the higher cost of deposits and the higher cost of peer funds.
A 4.46 percentage point increase in the first quarter; however, structurally, two-quarter demand deposits represent a decrease of 4 pct to 34% over one quarter, and the change in the composition of deposits is one of the reasons for the upward movement in the cost of deposits, with the cost of deposits in the first half of the year being 22 bp to 2.28% higher than in 2017. With regard to active liabilities, the cost of cooperative break-in/bond issuance is 32 bp/37 bp to 2.71%/ 4.57% higher than in 2017.
Under the circumstances, in August, the interest rate of the joint deposit card had fallen to its central level in 2016, and it was expected that the second half of the year the pressure on the cost of the Nanjing joint liability would ease the asset quality, the base of the provision, and the asset quality performance of the Nanjing bank would remain excellent, with an end-of-season rate of 0.86 per cent, the ring level, and we would measure the annualization of the company in the second quarter.
The negative yield rate is 0.38% and the ring is 19bp below, which is expected to keep the industry low. The company ' s end-of-season interest group lending accounts for the better asset quality performance compared to the 17-year period, the company ' s provision is slowing down, and the credit cost is 15bp to 1.16% below the same period in the two quarters, so it is covered from Nanjing ' s performance in the first half of the year, with a smooth growth rate, a high net profit and a firm ' s leading position in the two quarters.
Shortening interest differentials, mainly due to the cost of deposits and the upturn in the cost of co-financing, are expected to improve in the second half of the year, with interest differentials for companies falling below the interest rate for co-financing. Corporate asset quality is better than that of co-workers, with two quarters of adverse rates equalized, and the level of provision is strong. Companies take the initiative to control the speed of scale growth, transform the low capital-consumption development route, and promote a recovery in corporate capital levels. We expect the Bank of Nanjing to return to capital levels.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty and follow-up still require close attention to the dynamics of the economy.2 Financial regulation is over-expected. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, full coverage has been achieved, industry growth has slowed, and the “deleveraging” process has accelerated. At the same time, the merger of the Banking and Insurance Boards will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination.
Increased regulatory effectiveness and various regulatory rules are expected to accelerate the fall of the site. If strict regulation is more than expected, the industry’s business development may be limited, thus affecting the rate of net profit growth.