The performance of the Bank of Nanjing for the first half of the year was high, and the net profits of the Bank of Nanjing for the first half of the year remained high, while the roe kept the industry ahead.
The company’s two-quarters savings show a bright expectation that the company’s two-quarter spreads are better, that the company’s assets are better than its counterparts. It needs to be noted whether a firm’s fixed growth may have a negative impact on market sentiment, but the company controls the growth rate, transforms the low capital consumption development route, and can be higher than the Roe level.
In the first half of 2018, the Bank of Nanjing increased its net profit on a year-on-year basis, and its credit delivery and deposit performance was impressive. By the end of season 2, the size of the company’s assets was different from the ring.
At the end of the debt, the company’s deposits showed a bright performance, a percentage point. At the edge of the deposit market, the growth in the company’s deposits continued to improve significantly, easing the upward pressure on the cost of the liabilities and adding to the six-month credit constraints on the company’s lending.
Nanjing Bank's asset quality performance was better than that of his partner, with 0.86% negative at the end of the 2nd season, and the company's 463% coverage at the end of the 2nd quarter, the ring ratio.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.
The Nanjing Bank published its semi-annual performance report for 2018, with net profits of +17.1 per cent in the first half of 2018, with total assets of $1.2 trillion (+5.37 per cent).
Of which loans + 18.3% yoy/; +7.10% qoq; deposits + 5.69% yoy/+3.07% qoq. Business income is equal to expectations and net profits are higher + yoy) by 0.5 percentage points. Companies are annualized by 19.6%, an increase of 0.6 percentage points over the same period last year.
At the end of the debt, the company's savings showed a sharp increase of 5.69% in the year-on-year deposits at the end of the two seasons, 3.07% in the ring and 4.46 percentage points in the quarter-on-year increase.
With the upward pressure on the cost of the liabilities and the build-up of the firm ' s ability to negotiate loans in an environment of six months of tight credit resources, we expect the company ' s assets to be of better quality than its counterparts, the base of the provision, the Nanjing Bank ' s assets to be of better quality than its counterparts, with an adverse rate of 0.86 per cent at the end of the two seasons and a flat rate of coverage of 463 per cent at the end of the two seasons.
The net profits of the Nanking Bank have continued to increase in the first half of the year, as shown by the fast-track performance, while the industry has maintained its leading position. Corporate deposits in the second quarter have been bright and have eased the pressure on the end-of-the-life cost, and companies are expected to show better performance in the second quarter of the year.
The negative rate ratio is flat and the level of provision is strong. It needs to be noted whether the firm’s fixed growth may have a negative impact on market sentiment, but the firm controls the growth in size, transforms light capital into a low-consumption development route, and supports its own growth at a higher level of roe. We 1, the downside of the economy, leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, the industry’s development is more relevant to economic development at the macro level.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy is expected to do better, there is a risk that the asset quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, with full coverage of banking regulation, both internal and external, slower growth in industry and faster “deleveraging” processes. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and enhance regulatory effectiveness, with various regulatory rules and regulations expected to accelerate down.
Limited, thus affecting the rate of increase in net profits.