In the first half of the year, the net interest income was weaker. In the first half of the year, the net interest income was lower.
Operating income grew by 8.6% over the year, with q2 growing by 9.7% in the first quarter, q1 increasing by 2.18pc over q1 and research assistant Chiang Jiang Song Soon-won continuously improving at the end of the camp. Non-interest income grew by 27.85% in the first half of the year.
The net income from interest increased by 4.31% in the first half of the year, with a 1.4pc drop in the q1 ratio, mainly due to weak performance in the second quarter. Core profitability improved, and counter-breathing contributions to profits are gradually being made.
Of these, q2 saw an increase of 2.86 pc to 9.8 per cent over q1 in the single quarter as the real reason for the improvement in performance driven by the continued improvement in core profitability, while the low provision in the first half of the year contributed only 1.72 per cent to the net profit increase (as high as 38 per cent in 17 years).
The difference between the savings cost up or down q2 net and the interest rate down or second half of the year has improved. The Nanjing Bank has a net interest difference of 1.89% in the first half of the year, a decrease of 6bps in the first quarter, or a drag on the cost of deposits in the second quarter. The cost of deposits in the first half of the year is 2.28%, compared to 17 in the first half of the year.
Annual growth of 22bps, with businesses and individual time deposit costs increasing significantly by 29bps. Since July, there has been a steady marginal improvement in liquidity, and the current rates of distribution of the shibor (night after night) and of the partner ' s statement (one month) have dropped to less than 2% and 3% respectively, with Nanjing Bank still having a higher share of the joint liability.
Loans on deposit have grown steadily, joint assets and non-pollutions in the tables have been compressed, and the proportion of current deposits has declined significantly. Individual loans have been more heavily invested, with new individual loans in the first half of the year amounting to 38%.
In the first half of the year, personal consumption loans increased by $12.3 billion, while mortgages increased by only $3.6 billion. The size of joint assets decreased by $26.4 billion compared to the end of March, while the size of investments in accounts receivable decreased by $13.2 billion, or less than 20 per cent.
The decrease of 5.3 pc to 34.2 per cent at the beginning of the comparison is also one of the reasons for the increase in the cost of deposits. According to the continued excellent quality of assets, the provision coverage is maintained at a high level. The poor rate is stable for five consecutive quarters, with loans more than 90 days overdue being fully included. The negative rate at the end of June was 0.86 per cent, compared to 3 per cent.
At the end of the month, it is even. With write-offs and transfers, the negative rate of generation (calculating annualized) is 0.87%, an increase of 17bps at the end of the year, or due to a tightening of negative perceptions.
In June, the Nanjing Bank's tri-quarters reporting point in 2017 continued to be high.
The last provision coverage was 463.01 per cent, a slight decrease of 2.5pc from the end of March, and was dominated by adverse perceptions: the q2 non-performing loan balance, which increased slightly (by 249 million at the end of March) from a single-quarter operating income on a positive basis, remained high.
3 Nanjing Bank Mid-Year Review 2017: Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: A Continuous Improvement in Nanjing Bank Operations, a Single Quarterly Collection, Provision of Assets Improved Quality Driver of High Profit Growth
The profit rate has improved before. The negative rate has stabilized, and the ratio of interest-group loans to loans over 90 days old and the balance has been double-deep. The capital adequacy rate at the core level has risen to 8.44%, there is some room to stay close to the regulatory line, and the pressure on capital is not overly pessimistic as it supplements its profits.
Figure 1: Nanjing Bank revenue and profit growth (millions of dollars) Figure 2: Nanjing Bank interest and non-interest income as a percentage
Figure 3: Structure of Nanjing Bank interest income
Figure 8: Bank deposit structure in Nanjing, Figure 7: Bank loan structure in Nanjing
Figure 9: Performance of Nanking Bank net interest differentials Figure 10: Property quality of Nanking Bank Figure 11: Capital adequacy of Nanking Bank
Figure 12: Bank of Nanjing provision presentation: Figure 13: Three key indicators under the Bank of Nanjing's Note No. 7 regulation.