Liao morning Kay: Performance meets expectations, follow-up capital commitments, Nanjing Bank released performance reports, net gain of $6 billion in the first half of 2018, yoy up by 17.10 per cent.
In terms of asset quality, the Bank of Nanjing has been at a high level of industry and is constantly supporting profit growth. This is a failure, capital.
There is indeed some pressure on the adequacy rate to impose certain restrictions on the conduct of subsequent operations, and the performance with “holding” 1h2018 is largely in line with expectations: the Nanjing Bank issued a short performance report with a net gain of $6 billion in the first half of 2018, yoy increased by 17.10 per cent, and the performance is largely in line with our expectations.
19.62 per cent, after Bank Ningbo, is much higher than their counterparts, with deposits increasing by 569 per cent to 761.3 million, which is somewhat weak and weaker than the industry.
At the lower end of the spectrum, on the other hand, the firm ' s financial needs remain high, the level of premium on bank loans has been further raised in the context of the contraction of off-the-shelf financing, and the loans are being heavily priced. Both reasons have led institutional investors to account for the share of liquidity a.
Corporate interest differentials are expected to increase further, as reflected in the quarterly report (1q net interest margin of 1.95 per cent) and are expected to grow faster, driven by consultancy and bond underwriting. Quality of assets continues to improve and provision is higher than industry average: 1h2018 on asset status
At 0.86%, the qqq and yoy levels are the same, and they remain at very low levels in the city’s comptoirs, sustaining faster growth in net profits. On the provision side, 463% of the coverage is at very high levels in the same industry, with a very high level of provision.
Profit forecasts: Corporate loans are growing faster, incomes are rising further, and the rate of underperformance is still low. However, we believe that the current fixed increase failure does impose a certain pressure on the company’s capital adequacy rate (expected return; er), whichever is the expected reward, as follows:
Figure 3: Nanjing Bank Roe Levels in recent years (%)