High levels of non-performance and business continuity in the main battalion — China Construction (60168.sh) incident report huangjw@cfsc.com.cn
At the end of the year, the company q1 had a real operating income/total profit/net profit/net profit/net profit deduction.
Roe 3.73%, an increase of 0.1 pct over the same year; non-recurring gains and losses affect changes in the indicative profit margin, with the company ' s Māori rate down by 0.07 pc over the same year and net profit after deduction by 0.2 pct over the same year.
At the cost end, the company's three main costs were reduced by a "one-for-five" test, compared to the same period in 2022, and the company achieved a "one-for-one-for-one-for-one" increase.
The housing infrastructure has continued to grow, the real estate business has recovered steadily.
During the reporting period, there was an increase of more than 90% in the public sector and a similar increase in the number of new contracts in the field of educational facilities and housing security.
Over 30 per cent of growth; 22 per cent decline in the value of new contracts for residential property projects over the same period; capital operations focus on market segmenting and the quality of operations rapidly improves. Companies realize revenue/new contracts for capital operations/Maori 1200/2438.8 billion
The number of new contracts in the field grew by 18.3% over the same period, with 122.2% in the highway sector, 12.2% in the municipal road area, and the same amount in the municipal road area.
The market changes, the market defecation of sales, the return of funds, and the delivery of finished works have been well achieved. Real estate operations have generated a revenue/morigin of $509.8280 billion, a decline of 680,000 square metres in comparison with the previous period, with a land reserve of approximately 91.14 million square metres at the end of the period.
With steady growth policies and the warming of the real estate sector, companies are expected to maintain a high growth in their construction operations, and the share of real estate businesses is expected to increase further. The volume of offshore operations has increased substantially, and overseas expansion can take place in the future.
In keeping with its high-quality overseas development strategy, the company has continued to promote a high volume of offshore operations. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income/new contract value/mud. Two ultra-high-level projects in the United Arab Emirates — the Dubaiw hotel brand high-rise housing project,
The Kawalikasa high-rise housing project, and the Singapore Granddunman apartment project. We believe that with the rapid expansion of geopolitical stability and the internationalization of the renminbi in the Middle East region, our trade and trade with countries along the “one-way” route is expected to expand.
The company is expected to benefit from future development opportunities along the way, and the capital sector has huge and promising opportunities to expand overseas. Policies like steady growth are not as fast as expected, major business is not growing as expected, and overseas expansion is taking place.
Wong Joon-woo: B.A. in Civil Engineering and M.A. in Finance, University of Al-Qaeda, more than five years of experience in building materials research and three years of experience in building materials.
The study is directed at building materials and new materials. It reflects my research views. I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
It is reliable, but it does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report its content objectively, impartially, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or the request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.