q1 performance grew at a very high rate, with a deep layout of the whole industry chain The dynamics of the company's constant shares (600346) The net profit now attributable to the parent company was 287 million yuan, an increase of 124.74 per cent.
The price of the elixir rose and the company's performance increased significantly by a percentage point, mainly because of the same price and price differentials of the elixir in a quarter. According to our monitoring data, the average price of the elixir fdy in a quarter was about $9,090/t, compared to $6,950/t in the same period last year.
Tons, an increase of about 31 per cent in the same year, a rise of about 32 per cent over the same period, and a corresponding increase of about 39 per cent in price differentials. Companies have 1.4 million tons of silk production, which is in the forefront of the domestic industry, while citizens have a high market share in the fiddy product, dominated by a small, highly differentiated product, and are divided into subsectors.
With a certain voice, we see the company’s future profitability growing. The unit compares to the pta’s domestic leader at 300 pta’s, keeping in mind the two-quarter price recovery.
The company owns the world's largest single-manufacturing pta device, with a combined capacity of 6.6 million tons, which is at the forefront of the country, and by infusing additional assets it will form a whole industry chain of aromatic aromatic hydrocarbons-pta-polyesters-civil and industrial wires. Second quarter px Asia has a design capacity of 8.57 million tons, well over the last two years, about 4.5 million tons.
Levels, we judge a pta price increase in the second quarter, which may be caused by a px supply constraint. The pta is currently stable at around $5,000/tonne, the industry as a whole is approaching the profit/loss balance point, there is limited scope for falling prices, and companies, based on economies of scale and technological advantages, will benefit fully from the bottom up of pta prices.
20 million tonnes Refinement One Project, Upstream Industrial Chains in Deep Layout 20 million tonnes Refinement Project with a px capacity of 4.5 million tonnes/year, based on advanced international technology packages, built by sea, with a significant reduction in transport costs, coupled with coal power, coal-hydrogen installations, energy and processing costs
A deep layout of the entire industrial chain of hydrocarbon-pta-polyester-platinum filament.
Large fluctuations in oil prices and less than expected downstream demand. 1. Sustained shares (600346), company rating: q4 significant 2. Chemical industry investment strategy report 2017: search
The cycle recovery for agrochemical and fibre-optic plates 3.st Rubber (600346) company review: q3 major operations