We're going to move on to the initial stock-holding and group-building plan, private sector, and a lot of confidence on the part of Shen Xiaogen.
The company issued a public announcement proposing an initial increase in employee holdings and group holdings.  The proposed extension of the first increase in employee holdings and group ownership shows confidence that there are no more than 87.5 million employee holdings in the current period and that the full purchase of the lower and lower-level shares of the trust plans is to be established at the 1:1 ratio.
The total amount of the trust scheme does not exceed 175 million yuan, and the total number of employees participating in the subscription is not more than 550, and the total number of senior directors does not exceed 11.
It is to be commissioned to set up a pooled fund trust (priority, bottom 1:1) to increase the company’s shares in a total size of up to $250 million through, inter alia, secondary market purchases.
▪ Proposed major asset restructuring to achieve deeper integration of the industrial chain: the company issues a plan to issue shares to purchase assets and raise matching funds, to issue shares to purchase 100 per cent of constant investment and constant refining and to raise matching funds, all of which are used for the “spiritual refining 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project”.
Once this reorganization has been implemented, the corporate chemical and petrochemical assets will be marketed as a whole, the industrial chain will be integrated in depth, and the associated transactions will be significantly reduced. The pta industry is at the bottom, with strong performance flexibility after the reorganization: Helium petrochemicals (Daren) is the current note.
Incoming capital investment core assets, with a pta capacity of 6.6 million tons, are the world’s largest single-manufacturing pta plant, the second largest pta producer in the country. The pta industry’s massive expansion is over, long-term low production capacity under processing fees is on the move, and the bottom of the landscape is warming.
The difference of 100 yuan per ton is 495 million dollars in net gain, and the elasticity of performance is high. 20 million tons of refining integration projects are moving faster: the high rate of growth in the polyester sector in our country has created a huge demand for dibenzene, a domestic demand of 2.07 million tons in 2016, imports of 12.36 million tons and imports
With up to 56% capacity, the constant pta plant alone needs 4.4 million tons of benzene raw material, solving 4.5 million tons of benzene production. The project uses an all-hydrogen process route, boiling slag oil plus hydrogen fission + solvent de-alkane mix of heavy oil processing techniques, built on “high start, high standards, stringent requirements”
In principle, using advanced international technology packages, the project has begun to build green, ecological, and environmentally friendly world-class refineries. The project is the most advanced in the construction of seven new petrochemical sites and is expected to take the lead. The company expects to generate $91.6 billion in revenues and a profit of 129 when the project is completed.
Millions of dollars, in addition to tax incentives and zero-loss advantages from pta-px integration, pre1. Instant stock depth reports: proposed injection of petrochemical assets, merit of refining integration projects, complete configuration of integration, speed of refining projects and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.