Coal is rich in reserves and production is long-term. The company's main industry is coal, with revenue and Māori in 2021 amounting to 1,4255 million tons, of which powered coal has proven to be 90.16 per cent of the total and stock rich. In the same year, the company produced 112.74 million tons of coal, second only to China's Shunhua (312.7 million tons) and Xiaoxi coal in a listed company.
Industry (13.88 million tonnes). Starting in 2022, the company ' s new production capacity will continue, with a capacity of 20 million tonnes/year, the third coal mine in Heilongjiang and 1.2 million tonnes/year in reeds. In 2024, it is expected that the coal mine will be completed, with an additional capacity of 2.04 million tonnes/year.
In addition, the company's share in the coal industry is co-invented, China Jinkera, and the grass and grass canals, with 14.14 million tons of equity in coal mines. By the end of 2021, the company's total approved production capacity in production, construction and participation in coal mines amounted to 1.9179 million, with a higher degree of certainty in the coal complex price.
\triangleright increases the price of the prime coal driver from 535 to 675 tons, so that the power coal is sold or will be sold up, and the company has a large power coal product, and its performance is expected to increase with certainty.
On the other hand, the price of coal refined is expected to rise further, benefiting from rising capital demand as a result of government investment, and from the supply gap created by the Australian coal ban. Taken together, the price of the company’s two home-grown coal plants is expected to rise overall, with a higher degree of certainty in the overall selling hub.
Coalification is good with high oil prices, and Methanol production will result in a synergy of scale. \triangleright 1. Medium Coal Energy (601898.sh) 22q1 performance forecast as of 2021
At the end of the day, the combined equity capacity of the company's controlling coal-chemicals in production projects is 8.11 million tonnes/year, including polyvinyl hydrocarbons.
2. China Coal Energy (601898), 2021 Annual Report Review: 1 million tons of methanol technological adaptation projects were completed and delivered in 2021, providing a full price increase for the production of acetylene by the Montagnard chemical, and the company ' s prospects for future development are wide.
3. The China Coal Energy Company commented on the decline in the q4 performance ring, the ol feedstocks, and the new project is expected to bring cost advantages to the production of polyolefins in the context of the increase in methanol prices. The climate continues to improve, and the price of corporate chemical products may rise again.
Investment proposals: Corporate coal masters are expected to achieve a substantial increase in volume prices, start an endogenous growth phase and grow better, \triangleright1 coal energy: coal is the main industry, combustible electricity and new energy co-development
1.1 In 2006, China ' s China Coal Energy Group Ltd. was restructured and its sole initiative was to establish China ' s China Coal Energy Company Ltd., which was placed on the market at the Hong Kong border; in 2008 the company issued a public releasea
By the end of 2021, the company ' s annual report showed that the controlling shareholders held 57.36 per cent of the company ' s shares and that the controlling party held 51.62 per cent of the shares in the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
The company is a core listed company of the Sino-Coal Group, with nearly 40% of the group ' s assets. The Sino-Coal Group Network shows that the group ' s assets totalled $50.23 billion by the end of 2021. With respect to coal, the group has more than 76 billion tons of controlled coal resources, more than 70 tons are being produced and built, with a total coal production capacity of 300 million tons; and with respect to the coal industry, the total capacity is 18 million tons.
Hydrocarbons, methanol, urea, ammonium nitrate, coke, etc.; in addition, there are more than 50 group holding and participating power plants with a total installed capacity of more than 28.5 million kilowatts, with coal equipment manufacturing technology and market ownership at the top of the industry. There are three publicly listed companies under the corporate umbrella, namely China Coal Energy, Shanghai Energy and New Energy, with a combined assets of 32.1.7 billion yuan at the end of 2021, belonging to the controlling shareholders.
The company is based on coal-based industries, building a coal-fired power and new energy mix. The company’s main business is coal production and marketing, and coal mining is concentrated on the country’s important power-producing base, the Shanxi Pingsang mine and the NeoMondoshuji.
The Ert mines, as well as the mountain-western suburb of high-quality coal-refining resources; the coal main industry, where companies are constantly promoting coal and coal-chemical industries, creating new economic patterns in the coal-electric-chemical cycle, producing coal-based chemicals such as polyvinyl hydrocarbons, methanol and urea, the Xinjiang Xinhai Bay 2x660mw North II Power Plant project and the Shanghai Energy 2x350mw Heat Power Project; and, in addition, the public sector, the Xinjiang Xinhai Bay 2x660mw North Power Plant project and other priority electrical projects such as the Shanghai Energy Energy 2x350mw thermal power project are operating steadily.
The new energy demonstration base project of 263mw light-voltage project in Shanghai, a publicly owned company, has been able to generate power on an initial 30mw grid, and the new energy business has been steadily developing.1.2 The coal business has contributed to major revenue and profits, and investment has continued to foster corporate growth.
In 2021, a high growth in corporate revenue and profits was achieved. In 2021, benefiting from an upturn in the coal industry, the sale of coal by companies increased significantly in size and prices, driving companies to record high performance. In 2021, companies achieved 77.85 per cent of their operating income, which was the main driver of income growth, offset by $19,409 million in revenue from coal operations after branch transactions.
The profit structure shows that the main performance elasticity of the coal business was 86.17% of the company ' s Māori in 2021, and 6.25% of the coal industry. The cash flow was sufficient to guarantee the company ' s capital expenditure of at least $9 billion per year.
Figure 9: Capital expenditures in 2022 were mainly directed to coal plates 2 Coal operations: home-grown coal prices increase with endogenous growth 2.1 resource reserves and production into the long term
The company’s own coal variety consists of powered coal and coker. Since 2019, the company’s production of powered coal and coker production has steadily increased as a result of the completion of the small back-to-crowd coal mine, the mother Doucheden coal mine, and the Narin River II coal mine. In 2021, the company’s sales of powered coal were 102 million tons and 100 million tons respectively, respectively.
According to the annual report, in 2021, six companies produced more than 100 million tons of coal, with a total of 113 million tons of coal produced by the company, ranked third in the market. The company's exploitation of the mines was mainly in Shinjong, where coal resources were abundant.
As of the end of 2021, the proven reserves in the company ' s mine resources were 1,4255 million tons, and the reserves were abundant and exploitable for decades. According to the coal fraction, the power reserves were the highest, with 90.16% of the actual reserves.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, four of the company ' s coal mines were added to the national list of coal mines, which increased the authorized capacity by 12.1 million tons per year, and 1,096 million tons per year. As of the end of 2021, the approved capacity in coal mines, which included the guaranteed capacity for nuclear production, was as follows:
One hundred and thirty-one million tonnes/year, with an equity capacity of 113 million tonnes/year, consists of 5 pairs of annual dry-tonne-grade coal mines, namely, the Antherburg open-air mine, the Angélège mine, the East Open-air coal mine, the Angélège well mine (well No. 1) and the Anthélé well-worker mine (well No. 3), all located in the Shanxi plains and owned by the company.
In coal-producing mines alone, the current safety risk is higher in the North Ridge coal mine (0.9 million tonnes/year), with a net book value of $192 million after $780 million in 2021 for impairment losses, and the company will close down when it plans to exploit the existing work. We expect that in 2022, the North Ridge coal mine, the Royal Ridge coal mine and the Xinjiang 106 coal mine will produce 5.3 million tons of additional production, eliminating the North Ridge coal mine.
Production is expected to contribute an additional 4.4 million tons in 2022 to coal-producing mines, 28.8 million tons in construction capacity contributing to business growth, and 6 million tons in 2022 to the sea. The Ministry is building coal mines with 4 pairs, with an approved capacity of 28.8 million tons per year, with an equity capacity of 256.4 million tons per year.
(b) The third coal mine in Heilongjiang has been approved, mining licences have been issued, etc., with a construction progress of 71.27 per cent and is expected to be officially operational by 2023; the reeds coal mine is designed to produce 3 million tonnes/year, with a first phase of 2.4 million tonnes/year, with no coal in the main.
At the end of 2021, the project progressed by 53.84% and is expected to be completed in 2023; the Lippe mine and coal-selection projects have obtained mining licences for 6 million tons of coal, 1.392 million tons of coal, and 2,044 million tons of coal.
The coal-mining industry has coal mining rights, and the total annual production capacity of the participating coal mines is 32.1 million tons, and the total equity capacity is 14.14 million. As of the end of 2021, 26 pairs of coal-producing mines were held by companies, 4 pairs of coal mines were under construction, and 153 million tons of coal-producing capacity were under construction.
2.2 Cost advantages are significant, and performance is expected to benefit from price hub upwards. According to the report, the Co-Chair's Coal Pricing Method is “base + floating prices”, combined with the bspi ring sea power coal 5,500 kcal, cctd 5,500 kcal. and China's coastal electricity and coal procurement price index cci combined.
In 2021, the three indexes rose simultaneously, reaching their peak in October, with cci exceeding 1400 yuan per tonne. Despite the subsequent fall in prices, the industry ' s capacity for new construction was insufficient and demand and demand was tight in 2022, and the Commission set the average price for medium- and long-term contracts for powered coal at $675 per tonne, an increase of 26.17 per cent from the previous 535 yuan/ton.
In January-March 2022, the price of $725, $725, 720, and December 2021, respectively, the capital and real estate policies are expected to boost the price of a new round of coal flaring. Since February, the demand for coal from the downstream has been recovering, the rate of start-up and iron-water daily production have increased, and are currently affected by disease containment and logistics stoppages in some parts of the country, and downstream work has remained stable.
In April, the start-up rate was around 80%. According to the national statistical office, steel mills and port stocks were down in parallel. Of these, the port stock had reached a low level of nearly three years and, as of 22 April, the combined stock of six ports was 1.67 million tons, with a weak supply, stimulating the price of coal from being cokered up. According to data from the national statistical office, the average price of gdp in the first quarter of 2022 was 4.80% in the same season, compared to 4.80% in the same year.
There is a gap between the target of a 5.5% increase in gdp in 2022, and the impact of the epidemic in April was stronger than in the first quarter, and subsequent capital and real estate policies are expected to accelerate downland demand for coal from downstream, taking into account the current lack of sufficient coal capacity in the country to fill the Australian coal gap, and post-infection coal prices are expected to start a new round of increase.
Corporate coal sales prices have risen across the board and are expected to remain high in 2022. In 2021, companies had good capacity to control the cost of self-produced coal. In 2020-2021, some companies listed on coal moved their contract performance costs from “sale costs” to “business costs”, while the unit cost of selling the company's own powered coal remained comparable.
For the lower level, the unit cost of the company ' s cooking coal increased significantly by 41.82% in 2021, and the cost control of producing coal is better.
The company's coal mine consists mainly of the Wang Jia Ridge coal mine and Shanghai energy flag.
The local mines are low-sulphur, very low-phosphorus, high-quality coal-mining bases, mainly coal Nos. 2 and 10, and the three coal-fired mines in Shanghai are the main coals in Jiangsu Datun, where the coal species are one third of the coal, gas and coal, of which the smelting class 6 and the class 9 fine coal receive the National Silver Award for high-quality products and the National Silver Prize.
Given the company’s cost advantage in cokering, it is expected that the increase in the market price of coal will bring more elasticity to the company’s performance. The company’s trading rate of coal in 2021 is minimally delayed, and sales in 2022 will be reduced in the context of government regulation.
In recent years, the trade in coal has continued, with sales reaching 169 million tons in 2021 and 32.97 per cent in 2017-2021, contributing to a rapid rise in corporate incomes. Moreover, the rapid growth of the trade in coal has enabled companies to gain a higher market share and have more extensive and stable customer resources. By the end of 2021, the company ' s coal sales were among the highest among the listed coal companies and benefited from the trade.
From the Māori rate of trade in coal, it is expected that the Māori rate will rise in 2021, after the country’s price regulation of coal in November 2021, when the volume of coal sold in the company’s trade has fallen significantly, and in 2021, when the Māori rate of trade in coal will be reduced.
Figure 26: Corporate coal sales in 2021 ranked among listed coal companies (millions of tons) 3 Coal industry operations: oil prices continue to rise, profitability or will continue to prevail on a 3.1 scale, leading to full production and sale of main products
As of the end of 2021, the final product produced by the company ' s participation in the construction project included 2.74 million tonnes/year, 1.73 million tonnes/year of methanol, 1.75 million tonnes/year of urea, 36 and 400,000 tonnes/year of nitrite and 1.13 million tonnes/year of coke.
The controlled coal industry project produced 5.16 million tonnes of equity capacity, with significant advantages. At the end of the year, the company’s synthetic gas production year in Ordos, the polyethylene equity capacity was 600,000 tonnes/year, 600,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene, 1.45 million tonnes/year of methanol, 1.75 million tonnes/year of urea, 36 and 400,000 tonnes/year of nitrate, respectively.
In addition, the company ' s coal industry has significant economies of scale. In April 2022, the Elm Forest coal deep processing project, which was approved by the Ministry of Eco-Environment, is currently under construction, and the final product produced after the project was put into production is high-density polyethylene and polypropylene, with an authorized capacity of 35 and 550,000.
In addition, the company ' s share participation in coal Xiaoyang, China Sky cogeneration and extension of nebula energy, which involved the final output of the coal-chemicals industry, included coke of 1.13 million tonnes/year, vinyl hydrocarbons of 640,000 tonnes/year, methanol of 280,000 tonnes/year, and the project was in production status.
The company’s production and sales of polyethylene, polypropylene and urea have remained stable and have been fully produced. As a result of the company’s increasing production controls at coal chemical plants and optimizing the operational parameters of the installations, the chemical plant has been stable, capable of achieving a long cycle of full load and steady movement, thus effectively producing more time than the effective production time of the design, and the actual output was higher than the production capacity of the design, in 2021, when the company gathered.
Prior to that year, production had also been fully completed, with production not fully realized in 2021 due to the arrival of the Synthetic Gas Methanol technological adaptation project, from which production of 1.26 million tons of methanol in 2021, with a capacity utilization rate of 78.69 per cent, and the 2022 project, which will be fully operational, will at least degenerate and extend the product chain. In 2021, the company produced 93,000 tons of urea-diverse products containing polyurinate, and produced 93 million tons of urea-diverse products.
In addition, the company ' s coal-chemical project is promoting the clean use and transformation of coal, increasing the localization of coal production in the monsoon area, and in 2021, the company digested its own self-inflicted coal.
Low-heat or high-sulphur coal, with 4.62 million tons of coal in the buying company. Considering that the company sells coal predominantly from the LCJ, the LCJ prices are lower than the market price for the purchase, creating a certain cost advantage. 3.2 Methanol’s new production site is expected to boost the return of polyolefins.
Higher oil prices + unlimited use of raw materials, and the gas climate is expected to remain high. As the recovery from overseas economies and the Russian-Turkish conflict intensified, global oil supply was strained, international oil prices continued to rise, and Brent crude oil prices, once exceeded $120 per barrel in March 2022, remained above $100 to date.
High oil prices will continue to accelerate the substitution of coal-head chemicals for oil-headers at $103 and $93 per barrel, respectively. According to the rate of start-up, oil prices rose rapidly in early 2022, the rate of start-up did not fall inversely, and the rate of start-up was maintained at around 85% in March-April, taking into account the power-restriction and feedstock use that will not be included in national and local double-control tests of energy consumption, it is expected that coal-based or irritant production will take place.
The price of the company polyvinyl hydrocarbons (PFOs) has increased in parallel, and the Māori rate has fallen as a result of the increase in the cost of raw materials. The price of polyvinyl hydrocarbons (PFOs) has continued to rise, with the average single price of the company polyvinyl hydrocarbons (PFOs) rising by 17.79% to 7521 ton in 2021, of which polyethylenes (PVCs) have been sold.
An average price of $7,455 per ton, and an average price of $7,587 per ton for the sale of polypropylene. The raw materials for the company polyvinyl hydrocarbons are coal and methanol. The process route is the gasification of coal as feedstock into crude gas, the production of synthetic ammonia or methanol after purification and the production of urea for synthetic ammonia and carbon dioxide.
There has been a certain decline in the Māori rate of polyolefins, mainly due to the large cost of purchasing raw coal, fuel coal and methanol for intermediate products, and the cost of performing such as port fees, which have been transferred from “sales costs” to “business costs” and which could provide raw material for new energy sources from the Oldos mäol project, which is expected to rise in 2022.
The company's methanol products are mainly for internal use and are supplied mainly by the Central Coal Expedition Energy Industries Ltd., the Central Coal Cyclopsic Energy Industries Ltd., the China Coal Cylin Energy Industries Ltd., and the China Coal Oydos Energy Industries Co. Ltd., where the central coal exuberance, agglomeration and Monda Chemical Industries are located, and the Central Coal Cyclopsic subsidiary is located in the Central Mongolia Oydos, where raw materials will cover some transportation costs, according to corporate bonds.
According to the collection statement, after the completion of the Synthetic Gas technical adaptation project, which produced 1 million tons of methanol per year, the main supply of methanol materials was to the company Mondo Chemical, regional and industrial synergies would be increased, polyolefins would have a greater advantage and the Māori rate would be expected to recover. Seasonal characteristics, which were concentrated in April-July, and had a high incidence of urea failure in April 2021, with daily average production.
Since the third quarter of 2021, when domestic energy consumption and control became tight, production fell again, while the international gas price boom led to a decline in European urea production, a rapid rebound in the market, a sharp rise in the price of coal with raw materials and fuel, and a peak of $3,000 per tonne in urea prices at the end of October. To guarantee market stability, the Commission responded to the issue of urea.
Coal prices have been interfered with by the Customs Administration, which has included urea fertilizer varieties in the Catalogue of Exports that must be tested, and has restricted the export of fertilizers. Since then, urea prices have declined rapidly, but the upward trend has not changed.
We expect the average urea price to remain at its current level in 2022, approximately $2,600 per ton. Prices are expected to remain high in the second quarter due to the seasonal rise in demand for urea. In terms of industry as a whole, the demand for urea remains stable, the production and demand base matches, and the urea installation starts at no more than 80%, the supply remains flexible and the capacity is relatively adequate.
It is now self-sufficient and urea and fertilizer exports are limited, urea supply and demand basics or laxity in the second half of 2022, prices cannot rise again in the third and fourth quarters, and we expect the average price of 2022q1 urea to remain at its current level for the entire year, at around 2600 tons.
The company’s sales of urea products have increased significantly in average prices and Māori rates, and short-term profitability is expected to be sustained. As a result of the increase in urea market climate in 2021, the company’s sales of urea products in 2021 averaged $2228 per ton, an increase of 37.11 per cent compared to the previous year.
The Māori rate for Qurea products is expected to remain at the 2021 level. 4.1 Profit projection assumptions related to business split 1) coal operations assumptions:
1 Power Coal: In coal-producing mines, the main coal-producing coal in Xinjiang and Xinjiang 106 coal-mining mines are expected to produce 4.2 million tons more in 2022 than in 2021 as a result of the increase in production capacity in 2021; in 2021, the North Ridge coal mine is expected to reduce production by 900,000 tons as a result of a significant reduction in value and the completion of existing mining.
Production, in 2022-2024, will result in production of 600-1200/15 million tons; the third coal mine and reed coal mine in Heilongjiang is expected to produce two coals: no new coal mine will be cokered. In the coal mine, the Royal coal mine increased production capacity by 1.5 million tons in 2021, and the guaranteed production capacity in 2021 will be released for only one quarter, with an additional 1.13 million tons expected in 2022.
Sales: Corporate coal sales include home-grown coal sales, the purchase of traded coal and agency sales.1 Self-produced coal: assuming a 100 per cent home-grown coal sales rate, we expect the company ' s own-producing coal sales to be 2 trade coals in 2022-2024: trade in coal is expected to be low in view of a certain intervention in coal prices by the State under the insurance policy.
Coal sales will face a downward revision, with companies operating at 2022q1 showing a 19.25 per cent decline in non-manufactured coal sales on the same basis. Based on this, we conclude that sales by agents are less costly, assuming that companies steadily increase sales by agents of coal, and sales by agents in 2022-2024: prices of coal powered by companies, refined coal and traded coal vary from centre to centre.
1 Power Coal: expected to move upwards over the next three years at $725/735/745 per ton in 2022-2024, Co. 2 Coal Refining: Given the limited increase in domestic coal production, the short-term shortfall in coal imports into Australia is difficult to cover, market supply is weak, and infrastructure and real estate-related policies will accelerate down in the aftermath of the epidemic, leading to a rapid rise in demand and a re-incentive of prices
Thus, we believe that the price of coal refined in 2022 rose considerably, and that the unit price sold in 2022-2024 was, respectively, 3 tradable coal: assuming that the price of coal sold in trade increased and the market price fluctuated simultaneously, and that the price was slightly lower than the market price of powered coal, the unit cost was projected: assuming that the cost of powered coal, refined coal and traded coal increased at a different rate.
1 Power Coal: The projected increase in the cost of fuel coal, electricity, labour etc. is expected to increase the cost of raw materials, with reference to Senghua, China, 2022, 2 refined coal: assuming that the cost increase is slightly higher than the cost of power coal, we believe that the unit cost of coal refined in 2022-2024 is RMB 359/381/396 per tonne, respectively, given that the company ' s advantage in the size of coal refined is not significant.
Based on the combined coal production and unit selling assumptions, we expect revenue from coal operations in 2022-2024 to be produced respectively: production is expected to remain constant over the next three years due to the lack of new urea and build-up capacity, the production of polyolefins in the coal depths, the processing project was reprocessed by the Ministry of Eco-Environment in April 2022, and the uncertainty of official production before 2024 is high,
Production of 1 million tonnes of methanol annually produced by synthetic gas in 2021 will continue to increase in 2022 and, given the stability of corporate coal chemical installations and their ability to achieve long-term full capacity, it is assumed that Methanol will also be able to achieve overproduction in the future, with prices for 2022-2024: different prices will be assumed for the sale of polyolefins, urea and methanol.
1 polyolefin: urea 2 considering the high price of oil, which has resulted in a higher gas climate for coalification, and the high price of polyethylene and polypropylene since 2022: lower price growth is expected due to the adequacy of urea production and the fact that domestic supply is largely responsive to demand, 3 methanol: as an upstream raw material for polyolefins, assuming that the price increase for methanol is kept paced, taking into account the majority of methanol in the company
Production capacity is used for the internal production of polyolefins, so the price increases are assumed to be slightly less than polyolefins, the sales price of methanol 2022-2024.
In 2021, the company had an equity share of 1.00 yuan, corresponding to a share price of 5/4 times that of April 27, and a stock share of three times that of Hong Kong, compared to a share of a share and a share of h.
There is still room for upwards in corporate valuations. Given the firm’s high degree of certainty in the overall selling center against the background of the Board’s benchmark upwards, and the high size of the company’s costs, and the steady decline in new production over the next three years, we believe that there is ample room for company growth, with a “recommended” rating.
1) The prices of coal and coal-chemicals products have fallen sharply. The excessive rise in coal prices has led the government to intervene in coal prices in order to guarantee the smooth running of power plants, and the company’s profitability will be affected by a sharp drop in the price of products if coal is produced and sold by the company’s main industry.
If coal mine production does not progress as expected, production will not be able to reach our expected level, thereby reducing performance (3) by a significant amount. Companies’ fixed assets, intangibles and construction-in-progress have a higher share of total assets, and their profits will be released less than expected if they are reduced significantly to assets.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.