The performance in the first half of the year was in line with expectations and the industry’s high profile was expected to continue. Events: the company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2018, and the company achieved significant growth in its business performance in the first half of the year, benefiting from increased sales of semiconductor equipment.
The most abundant and wide-ranging supplier of high-end semiconductor process equipment in the domestic product system, the main product being electronic process equipment and electronic components.
slightly above the medium forecast, with the company ' s net profit realized in the first half of the year projected in the first quarterly report as a year of construction of the Crystal Circle, with greater market demand, a significant increase in the size of the company ' s sales, and a faster increase in the company ' s business income from the main electronics equipment battalion in the first half of the year, which achieved revenue.
The industrial landscape is high, and companies are expected to benefit from investment boosts and replacement dividends from domestic production. The semiconductor equipment market is in demand, and the industry is expected to continue its high profile. The International Association of Semiconductor Industries estimates that the global sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment will reach $62.73 billion in 2018.
The same-year increase of 10.8% was higher than last year’s record of $56.6 billion, of which China’s semiconductor manufacturing equipment is expected to reach $11.11 billion. In recent years, the integrated circuit industry has taken the lead, thanks to strong national support and the global shift of focus to China.
To drive demand in the upstream equipment industry, the company is the largest semiconductor equipment leader in the country. The semiconductor equipment products consist mainly of carpentry machines, pvd, cvd, oxidizers, diffusion furnaces, cleaning machines and mfc, seven major types of semiconductor equipment and spare parts, covering preconductor production processors.
We believe that companies are expected to take the lead in investment pull and alternative home-grown dividends. The country’s new multi-crystal manufacturing capacity will be built in 2018.
Between 2017 and 2020, 62 semiconductor crystal circle plants were installed, of which 26 were located in China, accounting for 42 per cent of the global total. The year 2018 will be the most intensive year for the construction of the continental crystal circle, with Semi predicting that a total of 13 crystal circle plants will become operational on the mainland.
Drawing, from 2017 to 2020, about $100 billion in planned capacity investments, of which equipment accounts for about the total profit forecast and rating: the equipment sector in the semiconductor industry is expected to benefit first, driven by investment and national production substitution, as the largest semiconductor leading enterprise in the country.