Performance was as expected, with the preferred follow-up certification of semiconductor equipment 120 million yuan (+125.4 per cent year-on-year) to the mother and 63.2 million (+135 per cent year-on-year) to the non-mortality net profit.
▪ Income from semiconductor equipment has continued to grow and income from vacuum equipment delivery has contributed 790 million, compared to 37.9 per cent, representing 57 per cent of total revenue. As company products continue to enter the downstream production line for validation, we believe that corporate income from semiconductor equipment is expected to continue.
The vacuum equipment revenue is $250 million, compared to +186 per cent, mainly due to the production and delivery of single-crystal orders during the reporting period and the sale of newly developed production lines for whole-line processing of magnetic materials. The electronic components revenue is $320 million, compared to 6.5 per cent, mainly due to industrial phases and orders.
The revenue from lithium appliances is $17.6 million, the same year-33%, and is mainly affected by the resale of orders. The profitability of the equipment has increased significantly, and research and development has been invested in the maintenance of high-level moats +2.9 pct. The sub-operation shows that semiconductor equipment has a Māori ratio of 39.9%, same ratio + 4 pct, and electronic parts hair.
The interest rate of 44.7 per cent, compared to +3.8 pct, 28.3 per cent for vacuum equipment, compared to +6.2 pct, and lithium power setbacks. We believe that the volatility of the Māori ratio of semiconductor equipment is mainly due to a wide range of corporate product lines, without interruption of new equipment entering production line certification, with different product structures influencing the overall Māori ratio.
The cost rate for the period was 28.7 per cent, compared to the ratio-22 pct, of which the sales cost was 5.1 per cent, the same ratio; the management cost rate was 22 per cent, compared to the ratio-22 pcc, which was mainly a significant reduction in cost-based R & D expenditure; and the financial year was high. We believe that it was the importance that the company attached to R & D that made it all of it today.
The semiconductor equipment product line provides the basis for a dynamic drive for performance growth. Equity incentives are completed, enabling research and development to highlight process validation of 14nm process, and semiconductor equipment operations are expected to increase their performance in subsequent deployments.
The company's semiconductor equipment continues to grow in strength and its market applications are expanding.
At the same time, the company developed an etching machine, pvd, cvd, oxidized furnaces, and used in the manufacture of 12-inch crystals.
Equipment products such as diffuse furnaces, washing machines, etc., have been successfully industrialized, with 28 nm and above of the technology-dealing equipment having been bulked into the production lines of the mainstream integrated circuits in the country, and some of the products have become part of the production lines of the country’s leading chip producers.
The cleaning process is about 30% of all process steps, and with the minor fine-tuning of semiconductor circuits, the importance of the cleaning process is greatly enhanced, with income upscaling. Billion dollars, equivalent to 94, 62, 41x, maintain an “uptake” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board