On August 14, 2018, North China completed the registration of stock options under the first stock options incentive scheme, which was awarded to 341 persons at a price of $35.36/equity.
Four and a half million stock options.  Incentives to cover middle- and senior-level managers and core technicians, and to strengthen the foundations of corporate development.  This award of incentives is made to the company's core technical staff and management cadres (excluding directors and managers).
The total number of senior managers is 341, of whom 275 are core technicians, 80 per cent are awarded, 66 are managers, 20 per cent are awarded. The number of stock options granted is 4.5 million, representing the general share of the targeted issue. We believe that this equity incentive will mobilize core skilled workers.
Motivate, bind the interests of senior and middle-level managers, and strengthen the foundation of development from the bottom up.
Cash return on assets: ~12%; R & D expenditure as a proportion of total operating income not less than 8%; Annual compound growth rate, eoe, R & D expenditure as a proportion of bid enterprises at 75 points; annual company claims no less than 200 patents.
The Division has developed confidence that companies are expected to continuously improve their product competitiveness in the future, leading the technological breakthroughs. The driver of semiconductor high-end equipment is expected to take the lead in the replacement of semiconductor core equipment produced by beneficiary countries, which faces a technological blockade by foreign firms in actual purchases.
The production rate is only 14 per cent low and concentrated in the middle and rear lane seals, with critical equipment areas such as luminum, engraved, 1, North China Cream: semiconductor equipment taps, corrosion machines, film-sediting equipment, etc., accounting for more than 90 per cent of foreign firms, and overall national production is essential.
The company has made ground-breaking progress in a number of areas, of which the company is responsible for 02.
Project 14nm process equipment has been delivered to the center core international client for process validation. 2018h1 performance meets expectations, and the purchase order revenue recognizes performance growth: the company issued a mid-2018 performance report, yielding $1,395 million, the same ratio.
Billion dollars, or +125% of the year, are largely in line with expectations. The company’s advance payments and inventory grew significantly in 2017, and its performance is expected to increase significantly in the second half of the year as company order revenue is gradually recognized.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board