There has been a significant increase in profitability, with companies enjoying a wide-ranging import replacement space - the semiconductor and vacuum equipment combined in the semi-annual report of North China in 2018, with a doubling of reported performance and the maintenance of a “recommended” rating:
The company ' s operating income increased by 33.94 per cent in the first half of 2018 by 33.95 billion in comparison with 33.44 per cent in the first half of the year, a rise in the parent ' s net profit – Māori ratio, a sharp decrease in management rates and a rise in profitability: 38.67 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.77 percentage points in the same year in corporate electronics.
The ratio of revenue to the equipment industry has increased, as has the Māori rate. The sales rate of 5.12% in the first half of the year was almost flat, with a billion yuan ring increase of 26%, reflecting the company’s continued growth in the value of hand orders and the potential for subsequent performance.
In the first half of the year, semiconductor equipment generated $795 million, an increase of 37.85 per cent, and Māori 39.86 per cent, an increase of 4.04 percentage points. Companies account for most of the market share in the general semiconductor industries such as photovoltaic, mems, led, advanced sealing.
Industrialized, etching machines, pvd, cvd, cleaning machines, etc. are in the 14nm process certification stage, and the overall equipment manufacturing level is the national lead.
In 2019, China’s continental semiconductor equipment requirements were $11.8 billion and $17.3 billion, respectively, and we believe that as the domestic crystallization plant progresses into the expansion phase from 2019, companies, as high-end equipment suppliers, will welcome good development opportunities for import substitution.
(a) " National high-end semiconductor equipment leaders, industry high-quality vacuum equipment in hand orders and revenue recognition is expected to accelerate:
The company announced that, by April, the company was up to $1 billion on a single-crystal equipment order, which would guarantee the company a high increase in revenue over the next two years. In the first half of the year, the company earned $252 million in vacuum equipment, with a similar increase.
The company’s monocrystal equipment is expected to be further ordered.