In the period under review, it is expected to achieve business income of $1.39 billion, a 33 per cent increase; it is expected to be placed on the market.
The growth in revenues from semiconductor equipment and vacuum equipment in the East is evident. The company's main business is electronic process equipment and electronic components, which include semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment and lithium power equipment.
According to the performance report, the main operating income of semiconductor equipment was $790 million, an increase of 38 per cent over the same period in the previous year; vacuum equipment income was $250 million, an increase of 186 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with a significant increase in income for both types of equipment. The additional revenue of $17.6 million from the operation of the new Lithium Power Camp, together with the boom in downstream production lines, resulted in a steady demand for semiconductor equipment.
According to data from China’s semiconductor industry association, the market for products for downstream applications in the new period is concentrated in the country, and led by the will of the country, the production lines for manufacture of crystals that have been set up or started in the country have reached 20, with a total investment of $125.5 billion and an active investment in domestic production lines. The country’s core semiconductor equipment company, led by North China, has been operating for many years.
There has been significant progress in the form of zero breakthroughs in advanced production lines and new products. According to the latest research, North China has been tested on the country's newest 14nm production line and has been cooperating with Wisdom on the storage equipment, and the fastest-growing Wuhan River storage in the country has been supplied with corporate equipment, and the number of semiconductor equipment sold in North China is showing signs of success.
\triangleright's uncompleted hand orders for 17 years, plus new orders for the first half of the year, amounting to well over $3.1 billion of the company's income for the year.
Planning. With the growing maturity and stability of the company’s equipment, the profitability of the equipment will also increase significantly, as can be seen from the performance flash report, where the company’s principal income increased by 33 per cent, while the net return profit from the growth of the main business increased by 125 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the profits increased at a much faster rate than the profits increased and, to a certain extent, the company’s profitability in the electronics equipment business increased, with higher or higher levels of income certainty.
The semiconductor equipment customers are not imported as expected and the purchase order revenue is not recognized as expected.
The source of the financial boom in the East... ..was joined in East Hing Securities... for mechanical research.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies