South-West Securities Research and Development Centre results: companies published semi-annual reports for 2018 and achieved total operating income of $1.4 billion in the first half of the year.
This represents a 33.4 per cent increase in the same year; a 125.4 per cent increase in the same year in the achievement of a net return of 120 million yuan; a 63 million gain in the realization of non-repatriation; a 135.0 per cent increase in the same year in the realization of a net return of 63 million yuan; and a substantial increase in the volume of advance payments and inventory, which is expected to boost performance in the future.
In the first half of the year, as a result of the advancement of investment in the domestic integrated circuit project and the increase in equipment purchases in the general semiconductor area, corporate semiconductor equipment was increased by 37.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the boom in the construction of the domestic crystallization plant began, and semiconductor equipment will be the driving force behind the growth in performance over the next few years.
In the first half of the year, the net profits of the company grew much faster than the net profits of the company, while the net profits of the parent were positive, and the profits could be significantly improved. The first half of the year, when the sales cost was $70 million, was 32.6% higher than the increase, and the second, when the management cost was $310 million, was lower.
33%, mainly due to lower cost-effective R & D costs. Thus, the net interest rate of the company was 9.7% in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.9 pp in the same year, and the net interest rate is expected to rise further in the future to the average in the equipment industry. The company’s pre-cost R & D has been rising steadily, and the core equipment is progressing well. R & D investment in the first half of the year was $380 million, an increase in the same year.
13.0%, or 27% of the revenue, while firms are increasing their capacity to innovate through equity incentives that enhance the effects of brain output. The company has developed etching machines, pvd, cvd, diffusion stoves, decalators, scrubbers, etc. in the broad semiconductor sector, and has become one of the major suppliers of equipment in the industry, many of which produce.
The products are among the highest in the market segment and even lead to technological development in the industry. 12 inches of 90-28 nanometres of integrated circuits are industrialized and 12 in 14 nanometres of integrated circuits are in the process validation stage.
Taking into account the high profile of the semiconductor equipment industry in which the company is located, the company, as the industry's scarce target, maintains “buying 1. North Chinese (002371): application of standard materials, exploration of the rise of domestic production equipment (2018-06-27)
2. NORTH HONG (002371): big turning points in the big cycle, new dynamics in the new era (2018-04-13) 3. NORTH HONG (002371), integrated akrion, Xian
4. Nord-Hung Kong (002371): “Auxiliary materials” (2017-11-01) in emerging China
Assumption 1: The company is a leading firm in the upstream core of the semiconductor industry chain and domestic semiconductor equipment. Hardmask pvd, aipadpvd equipment has entered the mainstream chip generation in the country, and given the nearly 30% R & D cost of North China, we believe that the next core product, Cubspvd, will be expedited for approval;
On the assumption that China will be on the verge of an investment boom in a crystal circle plant and that 26 out of the 62 new global production mills from 2017 to 2020 will be located in China, and that since the crystal circle plant will be able to release large quantities of domestically produced equipment later on, we believe that 2018 to 2020 will be a year of national production, with national production equipment orders entering an intensive period;
Assumption 3: The company acquired the United States company akrion, which further refined the cleaning machine market; moreover, as chip production moves to more advanced stages such as 14 nano, 10 nano, 7 nano, there is a 15 per cent increase in the cleaning process, and no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained either for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.