The profits of the business are both high and the agricultural sector is re-opening (000876.sz)
• In 2019, the company, which was the leader of the country's long-standing agro-pastoral enterprise, was working to create a balanced layout for the diversification of livestock and the integration of farming and food processing within the industry, insisting on “better feed, large-scale pig-breeding, refined meat-powdering and excellence”
The growth in the farm sector, which benefited from the African pigpest, was particularly high, with public revenues and net return earnings rising in 2019. In the future, with the company’s new production capacity, the industry’s price boom will continue, and the firm’s profits will increase at full cost. We expect the company’s profits to increase significantly.
The company feed business and the poultry industry are the foundation business of the company, which, with limited industry growth, relies on its strong product, purchasing power and service capacity to achieve a growing volume of feed sales.
In 2019, the volume of feed sold was 187.2 million tons, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, a decline of 3.7 per cent over the same period in the national volume of feed sold. With regard to the poultry industry, in 2019, the full spread of the company ' s new species of ducks had far-reaching implications for the industry, while companies increased their self-supporting base, provided a direct increase in future rates, and the company ' s long-term profitability of the poultry industry is expected to increase further.
In 2020, the supply gap remained, prices remained high, companies expanded through the most efficient intensive farming model, and the number of pigs in 2020 is expected to double to 8 million and will be the first to enjoy the industry's high profile.
With respect to food processing, companies will continue to develop high-quality channels, reducing wholesale market access, and rely on them to develop and develop over a billion-dollar food products for consumers. Business expansion is not as high as expected.
The company’s annual report for 2019 showed that operating income was 82,051 million yuan, an increase of 18,80 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 5,042 million yuan, an increase of 195,78 per cent.
Against the backdrop of rising prices for pig production and poultry meat, the company’s operating income and net return profits were historically high. By quarter, the company’s performance improved significantly in the second half of 2019, with net return profits of 1.510 billion yuan and 1.970 billion yuan, respectively, rising in the third and fourth quarters of 2019.
In 2019, the annual report showed a steady increase in the volume of feed sales. Forage sales, 18,72 million tons were sold in 2019, a 9.9 per cent increase in gross profits. In 2019, the company grew steadily depending on the strength of its products, its purchasing power and its manufacturing power.
The country’s first bio-friendly feed sales outpaced 2.1 million tons, with annual sales increasing by more than 100% over the year, with a steady first brand of the same type of product. In terms of purchasing power, 93% of the two-tier collection rate was achieved in 2019, about 90% of the key varieties were directly harvested, and the turnover of raw materials increased significantly. In terms of manufacturing power, the company’s annual sales of more than 120,000 tons were 15% higher in 2019.
In 2019, the prices of pigs and pigs caused by the plague in Africa rose dramatically, and the livestock industry continued to grow. In 2019, the company sold the poultry industry.
The sale of chicken seedlings and ducklings increased by 9.4 per cent compared to the same year; the sale of commodity ducks increased by 32 million, by 24.3 per cent compared to the same year; the slaughtering of chickens and ducks increased by 730 million, by 4.4 per cent compared to the same year, and the sale of chickens and ducks increased by 18.11 million tons, by 1.1 per cent compared to the same year, and the company will continue to focus on promoting commodity-based farming from traditional contract farming to commodity-based farming or commissioning.
In 2019, the company sold 3,849,000 pigs and 3,16.5 million fat pigs for a total of 35,499.9 million.
At the end of 2019, the company was able to operate projects with 10 million capacity, 6.5 million capacity, and more than 43.5 million capacity for projects with land contracts or reserves, with a theoretical maximum capacity of more than 60 million capacity.
The future growth space is opening up further. 2 - Heads of farming and pastoralist industries, restructuring and re-launching of the organization 2.1. The structure of the organization is constantly being optimized and the industrial chain is becoming clearer.
Industry Ltd. and New Hope Group Ltd., where Southern Hope Industries Ltd. holds shares in New Hope Group Ltd., where the company’s equity structure is concentrated.
The company focused gradually on the integration of the agro-industry chain, with its organizational structure optimized in 2018. The company was listed in 1998.
In order to focus on the agro-pastoral sector, the company began gradually dissipating the chemical, dairy and real estate industries, retaining the feed business, and acquired thousands of cranes in 2006, laid down the downstream slaughtering process, and purchased 100 per cent of Shandong 6 and Group stock, 6 and feed in 2011.
Twenty-four per cent of equity, 75 per cent of the capital stock, of which maple technology is a company based on additive products, expanding its feed industry. In 2016, it began to expand the layout of upstream pig farming operations around farming.
The lead structure, with five strategic business modules for feed, poultry, pig industry committees, food industries, and the Special Administrative Region abroad, has led to a clear chain of operations. Figure 5: Companies continuously optimize their asset and industrial structures, focusing on the integration of agro-pastoral industries
In 2019, the company’s operating income and the net profit from maternity increased considerably. Overall, the company’s operating income was more stable, with more than $60 billion at the start of 2015, with faster returns in 2018 and 2019.
In terms of net profits, the year 2018 saw a decline in the annual net return to the mother, mainly due to market conditions and environmental pressures, difficulties for farmers, partial difficulty in recovering the amount, the effect of a reduction in the value of the recoverable amount below book value, the net gain, a decline in the year-on-year ratio, and in 2019, the company achieved a net return profit of 50.42 per cent as a result of the growth of the poultry and pig farming industry.
One billion yuan, or 1957 per cent more than in the previous year, has increased production year by year, with 2018 starting with an increase in the construction and investment of companies in the pig-raising industry, along with an increase in assets and a small increase in liabilities and an increase in asset-liability ratios, which are still below the average level of industry-based asset-liability ratios.
In the company’s business structure, the feed and poultry industries account for a larger share of the company’s operating income, which is the company’s basic business, with the feed and poultry industries operating separately in 2019.
The amount has risen significantly and the share has grown, and the company has made a major effort to develop its pig-breeding business, using its own costs and technical advantages in terms of raw materials for feed, and to refine its own industrial chain, future pig-breeding business income. The company's feed is the country's number one in size, and the structure is based on poultry.
The domestic feed industry has remained the largest in many years, with the poultry industry being the first in the country, with pig, aqueous and anti-septic materials in the third place. According to data from China ' s Industrial Information Network, the share of company feed production in total national production from 2014 to 2018 was over 7%.
In addition to marketing feed products, technical services, information services and hosting services for large-scale pig farms have been upgraded. In the area of poultry and pig farming, there is a livestock training management company or a department of farm services, which promotes direct interface with large-scale farms or farmers and promotes sustainable growth in the scale of feed operations.
The company’s poultry slaughter industry is number one, and its poultry brand is more influential. The company’s annual reports show that it sold more than 2 million tons of slaughter and meat products between 2015 and 2019, mostly poultry and, to a lesser extent, pork.
The branded "Six and "fowl meat" under the flag is the designated poultry meat supplier for the 2010 Shanghai World Expo, the 2018 Youth Island Summit, and has a stronger branding influence. Orderly controlling pig-breeding rhythms, which grew by 39.01% in 2019.
According to the strategic plan for the development of the pig industry, the company has steadily been affected by the national environmental policy, the prices of pig production have risen, and the company has made reasonable arrangements for pig production. In 2019, the national pig production sector was affected by the African swine plague, the supply capacity has contracted, and the prices of pig production have risen significantly.
In parallel with the downgrading of expectations, the company, with its excellent management capacity, reduced the impact of the risk of the epidemic on productive energy release, achieving an increase of 39.01 per cent in the year 2019 by the planned 35499 million live pigs.
3.1. Forage business continues to grow in size, and the industry has a strong leader in improving the structure of feed products and raising the ratio of high Maori products. The company feed business has developed over the years to become the country’s largest feed producer, but the company’s main feed product is dominated by low-morigin poultry, the company’s year-on-year.
According to the report, the share of poultry is over 60%. The company’s sales of poultry have been the highest in the country, limiting the size of the company’s poultry as a result of the overall upgrading of the industry and the limited space available to it. The company is constantly restructuring its product structure and increasing its input into the high Maori rate of pig and aquatic materials.
The annual company report for 2019 shows that sales of non-continental pigpest have declined, but they have fallen better than industry as a whole, and that the purchasing capacity and operational efficiency of aquatic and poultry products has been increasing and gross profits have continued to grow.
In 2018, there was an increase in external risks, a more complex situation in corporate procurement, and companies began to develop a large number of raw material extraction bases in the country, close proximity to upstream suppliers, entering into procurement agreements with more than 30 large enterprises at the time, and establishing good mechanisms for synergies in the procurement of raw materials.
The direct synergies between the Ministry’s areas of operation and between technology and procurement are most effective. With the increasing efficiency of company purchasing and operations, single-ton costs have improved, and the gross profit on company feed business in 2019 has exceeded $3.4 billion.
In Sichuan, Chongqing, Hubei, etc., experience centres have been set up on a pilot basis to enhance client awareness and identity through a variety of displays and interactive activities. At the same time, the company has conducted nationwide training activities to train more than 2150,000 farmers, helping them upgrade their farming skills.
Led by downstream farming, the annual company report for 2018 shows that the combined direct and internal feed of the calibres reached 5.96 million tons, an increase of about 28 per cent over the same period (8.38 per cent over the same period), and the boom in downstream farming, which effectively led to an increase in the sale of company feed.
As a result of the increase in core competitiveness, companies are selling better feed than industry averages. Company feed operations optimized product structure, purchasing power and operating efficiency, increasing service efficiency and synergies in downstream farming, resulting in higher rates of feed products than the country as a whole. Corporate annual reports show a similar increase in the sales of company poultry in 2019.
With a 21.2% increase in poultry and a 17.1% increase in poultry and a 11.3% increase in aquaculture sales, a 0.3% increase in water supplies and a 26.6% decline in pig sales and a 9.5% decline in companies as a result of the African pigpest, the company is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as its core feed business becomes more competitive, and the company expects to continue to grow at a high rate in 2022.
In the light of the above, the company will continue to maintain the large-scale advantages of its feed business, actively restructure its product structure, shift to a service-type breeder, and increase the volume of its feed sales, while increasing its Māori rate and making a solid profit.
The White Feathers business, which consists mainly of two lines of business, white ducks and white chickens, is based on the company's development strategy for keeping the White Feather business on a steady scale.
China is a big producer of ducks, and according to fao data, in 2018 there were about 3.5 billion Chinese ducks, 74.3% of the world ducks.
With regard to poultry, China, which does not have its own species of white ducks, is mostly dominated by the introduction of British cherry ducks. In late 2018, the company, in partnership with the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, broke through the National Commission on Animal Genetic Resources.
White feather ducks depend on imports. Compared to the cherries that are imported in the United Kingdom, the species has the advantages of a high rate of thin meat, a high rate of slaughtering, a high rate of productivity, a high rate of growth, good commodity efficiency, and high value in the industrial chain.
The company’s range of ducks has begun to spread and the poultry chain has improved its profitability. The introduction of ducks from abroad has led to higher seeding costs. For example, the company will have to pay 50% of the profits each year to the joint venture, and the “medium and new duck” species will be listed less.
At the same time, the weight of the company's “medium and new ducks” is 0.02 less than that of the herds, saving 60 grams per duck, assuming the company's annual intake of 450 million ducks, saving a total of 27 million tons of feed, valued at approximately $67.5 million. The company expects that the new varieties will be rolled out throughout the country in the next 2-3 years, and that the White Feather Duck City will be achieved in 2021.
In the future, the company will increase its base building, focusing on the integration of white meat and poultry. The company’s poultry base will continue to be built on self-support bases, leading to a shift in commissioning.
The aim is to establish at least one self-support base for an integrated project.
To change, the target of 50% direct control of chicken line business and 80% direct control of duck line business is to be achieved in the future. To sum up, we believe that there are two main points in the future business of white feathers and poultry: 1) breakthroughs in breeding ducks, breaking the monopoly of foreign breeding technology, reducing the company’s induction and farm costs, and raising the company’s costs.
The core competitiveness of the meat duck industry has led to an increase in the value of the company's poultry industry chain; 2) the overall pattern of farming has shifted from a loose to a tight one, with the company increasing its self-sustaining base, increasing its productivity and quality control capacity, and further improving poultry production.
Since 2016, the company has increased its investment in pig farming, which has continued to expand in line with its own development plan, in the medium and long term, in the face of the adverse factors of various industries, such as low prices for pigs and the African swine plague.
Business is expected to be a new growth pole for companies. 4.1. Companies adopt a concentrated farming model, and the whole-chain system of control and control makes a significant contribution.
The main difference between the model of intensive farming and the common model of cooperative fertility is that: 1) the clustering of pigs is coupled with the production of internal production.
Core groups; 2) concentrated piglets are calculated by logistics volume, logistics, staffing, finance, administration, etc., and are calculated to achieve scale effects. 3) Concentrations are subregional, and will be accompanied by slaughtering in the region, reducing logistics costs.
In the second half of 2018, with the outbreak of the African swine plague, the company built on the control advantages of its entire industry, and when it moved out with other companies in the industry, it was expected that it would have achieved the target of 2018 and 2019.
The risk of the epidemic benefits mainly from two factors: (1) company pig-breeding operations started in 2015 and pig-building and farming facilities were improved to facilitate the construction of pig farms based on the latest bio-preventive facilities; and (2) the company built an African pigpest-control system, based on the advantages of its own industrial chain.
A one-on-one control test allows for the strict implementation of specific prevention and control measures across sectors, reflecting the integrated development of the industry, with prices of pigs remaining constant in 4.2 and 2020, where companies are expected to double their levels of activity, with limited recovery of production capacity and still high prices.
Starting in October of the year, the growth rate of the coil ratio of the capable hogs has been reversed from negative to negative, and has risen for five months in a row, decreasing by 20% over the same period. We believe that the recovery period for pig production has been prolonged, the price for 2020 has doubled in the company's 2020 plan, and the prices for pig farming are expected to rise.
In the first half of 2019, the African pig-pesting policy affected seeds, and the company adjusted its business strategy in a timely manner to increase the number of out-of-country pigs, allowing the company to meet its target of 3.5 million out-of-country targets in 2019 (3.55 million out-of-states), of which the self-fertilization ratio was about 10% and maintained at the same level as in 2018.
Given the remaining gap in the birth of pigs in 2020 and the average or higher price of pigs throughout the year, the company's performance is expected to remain steady, with 26 ongoing projects under preparation at the end of 2019, covering the country and abroad, mainly in Guangxi, Guangdong, Shandong, Liaoning, Anhui, Sichuan, Hunan, Guizhou, Henan.
Among other things, there are new Philippine projects abroad, all of which are expected to be completed by the end of 2020, with 15 million people expected to reach their mark, which will continue to hit the 2022 mark of 25 million. Strong financial power and diversified financing will protect companies’ productive capacity.
Financing channels and high-quality cash flows provide a good basis for capital investment in the pre-pig farming project. Corporate letters maintain aaa levels, credit levels are good, capital market financing costs are low. Corporate capital investment in 2016 to scale up pig farming operations, share issues in 2017 and cash payments to buy 70% of Yang Ling Ben.
In summary, the pig-breeding business will become the backbone of the company, and significant efforts will be made to expand the company ' s industrial chain through the expansion of the pig-breeding business.
The company’s food business is an important direction for future transformations and an important part of the overall industrial chain. Prior to the company’s organizational restructuring in 2018, the food business consisted of a poultry slaughter operation, which, in order to strengthen the integrated downstream marketing of the white feathered meat business, divided the meat slaughter business into a poultry industry, and the adjusted food business included only the poultry industry.
Sub-areas such as pork slaughtering, deep meat processing and central kitchens 5.1. Food operations open up high-quality channels and dig hundreds of billions of explosives, depending on the advantage of the entire industry chain, and the company ' s products are rich. The company ' s food business begins at the upstream farming base.
In terms of product types, the company’s products are divided into raw meat, edible food, prefabricated food, and packaged food. The raw meat consists of pork brands such as raspberry, high-end oxen, snowfields, jacques, etc.; diets of six and good foods, divided into serials, pill types, fried barbecues and intestines; prefabricated vegetables.
In the future, companies will continue to develop and develop hundreds of billions of consumer-friendly food products through the Food and Discovery Centre, and will continue to deepen their food business development and build company brands.
In terms of catering channels, the company has developed new and beautiful cooking technology, tinkling, etc., and has acquired the name of the annual best supplier for bottom fishing; the commercial super-channel.
In addition, more than 2,000 stores have been opened, and dumpling products have entered the Beijing area of Ito Yohua Hall, China Conghua, and Kyoto 7fresh, where sales are ranked first. In terms of new retail outlets, 47 new retail customers have been opened; and in terms of electricity suppliers, there are deep-seated customers.
In addition to the outreach channels, companies will be able to increase the visibility of their products through new online social marketing tools, such as mini-red books, tremors, etc.
Figure 27: Development of more popular products for head-to-head clients from all channels, through continuous investment, improving the chain of food processing industries. Corporate investment projects cover deep processing of poultry meat, pork, deep processing, avian by-product processing, etc.
Control, balance of supply and demand in the region, and the company's quick move to combine the layout of the pig-breeding business with a search for the pig slaughter business 5.2. R & D is strong and steadily moving to overseas markets. The company has a strong R & D power and the technology is sequestering to guide the company's future development.
Five research institutes have been set up: the Forage Institute, the Pig Growing Institute, the Poultry Institute, the Food Research Institute, and the Information Research Institute.
In terms of R & D inputs, the company has established a “multi-unit” technology research and development team, such as centralized technology, product technology, and process technology, which has been developed since 2015 by the company.
With more than 440 steady personnel, more than $75 million per year in research and development, the company increased its research and development efforts in the areas of feed, pig farming, poultry, information and food in 2019, increasing its research and development staff to 711, an increase of 53.23 per cent over the same period, and the cost of research and development of 174 million yuan, laying a solid foundation for the company ' s future innovation and steady development.
The company’s overseas layout began in 1999 with the establishment of its first overseas feed plant in Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam, after 20 years of development, and the company’s layout in Viet Nam has developed into an industrial chain development, with eight feed companies, three pig farmers, and one rental duck farm.
The Division’s overseas operations, now spread across 17 countries, including Asia and Africa, have seen steady growth in corporate overseas business receipts since 2011. While domestic operating revenues have fluctuated slightly from the industry landscape, overseas operations have been growing at a relatively high rate, with overseas operations accounting for more than 10% of total corporate business income in 2019, and future firms will have more than 10% of total business income.
In the light of the above, the long-term growth of companies is largely dependent on the steady spread of food services, further highlighting the high quality of the company’s whole chain, while building on strong R & D capabilities and expanding both domestically and abroad to the world.
6. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1) Feeding operations: Considering that feed prices are not volatile, company feed is expanding, downstream birds and pigs are expected to reach 292,322 million tons.
15.1 million tons. For aquatic and other feed, take into account the momentum of the company ' s aquatic and other feed. Considering the gradual increase in the self-control ratio of chicken and duck lines in the company ' s poultry industry, there is an increase in the number of chicken duck seedlings offsets, and we expect the sale of chicken seedlings in 2020-2022 (net of the internal offsets) respectively.
13000, 12740, 12103,000 duck seedlings sold (net of internal offsets), 5,000, 4900 and 174, 1788 and 181,000 tonnes respectively. 3) Pig industry: due to the continuing pork gap in 2020, we expect pork prices to be equal to those of the year as a whole.
In the short term, the company's performance is expected to benefit from increased profits from the rise in the price of pig prices.
Based on these assumptions, we expect the company to return to its net profits from 2020-2022, a rapid recovery in pig production, an increase in meat supply, and a fall in prices for pork and chicken, and a sharp decline in the avian chain climate.
The business performance of the company ' s poultry and poultry industries has fallen short of expectations; the company ' s food operations have not expanded as expected.