The world's fate (603369): the product's channel is two wheels, it expands, and there's a lot of thin hair in stability, and it's the world's fate.
The company has three well-known trademarks: "National", "Fortune of the World" and "High Gap" .
The company has been able to optimize the structure of its products and work together in the provinces and abroad. The company has maintained a high rate of growth, from the end of the product, to a demonstration workshop for white wine intelligent brewing, and to promote the Chinese wine industry.
See, 19h1 company ' s "Ta+" products (i.e. products with tax-free plant guidance at more than $300) have grown by 44.33% over the same amount, with growth rates of over 40% for both the borderlines and the borderlines, and the product structure continuously rising at the mid-to-high end. Regionally, the rate of growth has been faster in Nanjing, Xu, and out of the province.
Regional markets have been growing more intensely, concentrating on priority markets and achieving good results, and Māori rates and net interest rates have fallen on a year-on-year basis, as a result of new costing and prepayment of sales costs. 19q2 companies have continued to upgrade their product structure, but the Māori rate has fallen slightly because the company would have given concessions to distributors.
Prices are factored into sales costs, after adjustment, and net corporate interest rates fall, as well as companies pre-arranged advertising and other sales costs, 19h1 advertising promotions are on par with growth, steady and positive developments are maintained over the long term, and product channels are on a double rotational basis.
The company’s sub-high-end domestic product series has been well developed, maintaining a high rate of growth of over 40%, and the new high-end product v9 has a longer cycle and the product continues to be upgraded mid- and high-end. From a regional development perspective, doing the deep Jiangsu market, the layout of the country, is steadily moving forward. From a management perspective, companies add 200 new people each year.
Staff, in accordance with the principle of indiscretion, company management is stable, stable, strong and thin.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
In 2018, he obtained his own research opinion on the Vandwind platform. Any part of his remuneration had not been, was not, was not, was not, was not, would not be, and would not be in the future, as specifically recommended in the present report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.