It's a quarter past the low point and the security climate is expected to rise back to the southwest securities research and development centre.
Summary of performance: company reports 2018 and 20191 quarterly reports. 49,844 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 18.9 per cent in the same year; net return to mother $11.35 billion, an increase of 20.6 per cent in the same year; net return to mother $9,944 million in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 6.2 per cent in the same year; net return to mother $1.54 billion, a decline in the same year
• The first year of year-on-year decline in the performance of 209q1 was due mainly to a slowdown in operating income, a slight decline in regional receipts in overseas markets, including trade and war, and the impact of macroeconomic circumstances such as deleveraging on domestic operations, which slowed the growth of orders in the second half of last year, with weaker revenues in January-February. At the same time, corporate costs continued to grow and R & D costs increased.
With a warmer atmosphere and a first recovery of government and large business orders, we expect 2019q1 to be a year-round benefit glimmer project with a steady increase in performance. The Snowlight Project is directed at district, village, and village IMCs, supported by integrated information, web-based management, and linked to public safety video surveillance.
The network's focus on mass policing and control, long-term benefits for the defense industry, as a leading global security agency, and the high degree of alignment of construction needs with corporate product services, has helped to sustain steady growth in corporate performance. The snowworks were warming back on the scale of the project at the end of 2018, and by 2020 only.
Innovatively propose an alcloud architecture to create a platform for intelligent networking. With the advent of the age of artificial intelligence, the public administration has proposed aicloud, defining ai, in response to the development of an artificial-intelligent age property networking industry.
Cloud’s three-tier structure of edge nodes, edge domains, and cloud centers sets out the core principles of alclud “Range perception, needs-based convergence, multi-level perception, and tiered application.” Over the next few years, companies will be working with many partners around aicloud’s open platform to promote the development of the property networking industry.
On the other hand, the market for Haikang robots, Haikang drones, auto electronics is gradually opening up, and we are constantly advising companies on profitable predictions and investments. We predict that the net return profits for the three years 2019-2021 will be 1.
Anti-industry, layoutai opening up new battlefields (2019-04-07) 2. Heconway vision (002415): channeling to stocks has a short impact
The period has seen an increase in performance and long-term corporate development towards good “super-highly clean industry development” has placed higher demands on security surveillance, which is expected to lead to an increase of about 20 per cent in sales of high-quality products such as 4k at the front end;
The construction of the Snowlight Project is warming, the government is expected to invest more in 2019-2020, corporate orders are expected to return over the next two years, the size of the intelligent home, robotics, car electronics market increases, and the corresponding growth rate of sales of innovative business products is expected to be zero, zero, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.