Wei Hongmei's annual report, the company collected $9,942 million in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 6.17 per cent.
The company has faced more external challenges since last year, with lower domestic macroeconomic growth leading to slower demand for procurement by major clients, and more efficient operations at the international level.
Non-market factors, such as trade disputes between China and the United States, have affected the pace of external expansion. As a global security watchdog, companies have adopted a more robust marketing strategy than in previous years, placing greater emphasis on the importance of short-term risk management, and actively promoting internal structural changes to reorganize traditional security operations into public services.
Businesses, businesses, and small and medium-sized enterprises have three main components to better adapt to customer needs and enhance business efficiency. While the company’s growth rate declined in 2018, the efficiency gains and cost controls kept the business as a whole stable and the profits of the year were still in line with expectations.
Aicloud architecture continued to be advanced to build a smartness networking platform. In 2017, the company proposed a three-tier structure for the ai crud edge, margin area, cloud centre to advance the development of the ai in the field of material networking.
and application, further deepening and integration of existing product lines on the foundation architecture of cloud-side integration in 2018, with a focus on issues such as i-application landscapeization, debrisization and user-needs landing difficulties, internal harmonization of software architecture, external strategy of open integration, and the trend towards i-net integration,
Actively build smartness networking platforms. The Firestone Internet focuses on smart household business, maintaining a high rate of growth based on "Finderstone hardware + cloud end +ai + open interface" and generating more than 1.6 billion yuan in yuan throughout the year; currently, the Firestone Cloud platform has 40 million levels of equipment access and 30 million levels of use.
Keeping the technology ahead is the central driver of the firm’s competitive advantage, with companies giving high priority to autonomous innovation, adding further in the reporting period.
Large R & D efforts, with an annual R & D investment of $4,483 million, an increase of 40.36 per cent over the previous year, and R & D investment of 9.00 per cent, an increase of 1.38 percentage points over the previous year. Companies have now developed a three-tiered R & D system for technology platforms, product platforms, and programme platforms, with artificial intelligence algorithms, software
In the future, as the penetration rate of security is rising, the Division is expected to see a wave of industrial intelligence development among its deep beneficiaries. The rating system’s “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.