The three main production lines are growing steadily, and the new medical infrastructure continues to expand.
Incident: On the evening of 19 August 2022, the company released its semi-annual report for 2022: at the end of the second quarter, the company ' s contractual liability was $2,009 million, down by $170 million from the end of the first quarter, of which $8,412 million in operating income was realized in the second quarter of 2022, a year-on-year increase.
Billion dollars, 21.47 per cent more than the same year. Net cash flows from operating activities amount to $3,207 million, growth driven by a heavy weight of new goods, and continuous progress in three major operations: (i) life information and support: benefits from the development of new domestic medical infrastructure and high overseas levels
Total equity/flow (million shares) breakthroughs at the end of the client base, with a good increase in life information and support operations in the first half of 2022, total market value/flow (millions)
Products (customs, respirators, injection pumps) grew by more than 30 per cent; the Māori rate fell on a year-on-year basis, and revenue from new capital contributions increased significantly on a year-on-year basis.
The country’s market has seen major high-end clientele break-ups, which have led to high-level expansion of the new capital-accelerating medical equipment market in the first half of the year. There has been a rapid growth in both the 3aed and micro-surgery seed industries.
Micro-inventive surgery more than doubled in growth. Murray Medical (300,760) Murray Medical Incident (2) In vitro diagnosis: benefits from full recovery from conventional reagent consumption overseas and heavy weight production
The market is characterized by regular consultations, medical examinations, and surgeries in the context of the epidemic.
The recovery brought about a full recovery in the consumption of conventional reagents overseas, while companies reported three quarters of the year abroad: three quarters of performance was in line with the expected speed of penetration of high-end hospitals and large chain laboratories.
Diagnosing that the consumption of conventional reagents has been affected repeatedly by the epidemic, but the trend is to change the monthly ring - 2021/10/20
At the same time, heavy-pound products such as the blood cell bc-7500 series, chemical light cl-8000i, biochemical bs-2800m, among which the bc-7500 series completed 1,000 units in the first half of the year, and the level III hospital ' s share of domestic income continued to increase steadily, while medical care was new.
The share of the company's blood-ball business market has remained the highest in the country during the reporting period. (3) Medical images: as ultrasound operations return, they benefit from a new high end.
The ultrasound and all-new medium-end and high-end ultrasound series bring up fast, high-end domestic and foreign clients.
The break-out of the Pacificsecur group, with the rapid growth of medical video operations in the first half of the year, resulted in sales revenues of $3.264 billion, an increase of 22.20 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate fell by 0.96 pct to 65.87 per cent over the same period.
On the ground, with the continued technological and applied high-end clinicalization of ultrasound products, companies have accelerated high-end breakthroughs in their traditional ultrasound and emerging clinical units in the courthouse, with level II and III hospitals accounting for an annual increase in the country's ultrasound income, and high-end ultrasound accounting for more than half of the country's ultrasound income.
The share of the company ' s ultrasound business market was the second highest in the country during the reporting period. 2 In the international market, benefits from the holostatic data-based zst+ field light platform and a completely new medium-to-high-high-speed hardware architecture.
With the roll-out of the top-top ultrasound series, and high-end customers in Europe, the CIS, Latin America and the rest of the world who had completed the campaign with high-end, hand-held ultrasound in the mx and me series, the company's ultrasound business will fully open up a break-through from low- and medium-end customers to high-end customers.
Furthermore, the international small and medium-sized video centre, which is the hardest hit by the epidemic, is still recovering, with a strong boost to the need for medium- and low-end ultrasound.
The number of single hospitals has accumulated nearly 300, of which more than 80 were added in the first half of 2022, increasing rapidly. 2 “Swig ++” has achieved a cumulative load of more than 2,000 units, of which nearly 800 are new in the first half of the year, and the load continues to increase. 3 “Mary's Inspector” laboratory it is fully operational.
The country has installed nearly 90 hospitals, of which 70 per cent are level III hospitals, new ones have been installed in the first half of the year, new medical infrastructure has continued to expand and the offshore high-end breakthroughs have accelerated (1) The domestic market: the company earned $9,277 million in operating income in the first half of 2022.
In the first six months of the epidemic, the domestic market, thanks to the continued expansion of new medical infrastructure and the bright performance of new products, has been distinguished by the disruption of the epidemic, which, according to the company, is market-friendly.
The recovery of conventional operations in international markets has accelerated, developing countries have been led by second Lidus, developed countries by new high-end clients (more than 100 in Europe and more than 300 in developing countries) and close to 400 high-end clients have achieved horizontal breakthroughs (more than 100 in Europe, development).
Among them, the in vitro diagnostic operations have broken through more than 150 completely new high-end laboratories on the international market, and close to 100 already existing high-end laboratories have achieved more product-related risks: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: industry policy risks: the risk of falling product prices.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Meri Medical Evaluation Report
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.