Murray Medical Care (300.760.sz) - mid-2022 Reported. Medium-term income and net profit steady growth, new product roll-out and internationalization accelerated.
2022H1 income and net return on mother ' s income increased by 20% and 22% on the same basis, and performance continued to be robust. The top half of the company ' s in vitro diagnostic business grew brightly, new products were being introduced to high end, international markets were breaking through high end customers. 202H1 in vitro diagnostics generated $5,543 million (+29.82%) and benefited from it.
Full recovery of conventional reagent consumption overseas and bright performance of heavy-pound products such as blood cell bc-7500 series, chemical light cl-8000i, biochemical bs-2800m to fast-load: life information and support up to 52 weeks/minimum
End-of-end client group breakthroughs, maintaining a good growth dynamic, aed and micro-surgery seed operations both achieved a hundred million (+22.20%) and benefited from the breakthrough of high-end customers, both within and outside the country, as a result of the rapid upswing of the ultrasound and all-new high-end ultrasoundr, medium-high-end i series.
In addition, post-epidemiological companies have seized the opportunity to access more high-end hospitals, group hospitals and large chain laboratories, and in the first half of the year they have broken through more than 400 new high-end clients in the international market, and nearly 400 high-end clients have made horizontal breakthroughs.
Cost rates have steadily declined and net interest rates have increased further. The sales rate for 2022h1 company Māori has increased by 64.13%. The net interest rate for sales has been 34.45%, and profitability has continued to increase.
A 20 per cent increase in the net profit from mother to child in 2021, with the head of a national device moving to the world.
"Mary Medical – 300760-2021: Post-Epidemic Age, Machine Dragons " , which benefits from new medical infrastructure and product upgrades in the country and simultaneously accelerates high-end hospitals overseas. "Mary Medical — 300760-2020 and the First Quarterly Review 2021: Overseas Plus.
“Mary Medical – 300760-2020 Quarterly Review: Accelerating the Globalisation of Devices, Long, Micro-Inventive Surgery, Aed, and so forth, and the scale effect is gradually being realized and high-end products are taking place.
Keeping the profit forecast, the process of internationalization is expected to accelerate in 2022-24 and will gradually turn into a global medical flagship, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Life information and support operations generated $6,772 million, an increase of 12.47 per cent, thanks to the expansion of domestic medical services and the break-up of high-end clients abroad, maintaining good growth. New domestic medical infrastructure is directed mainly at the expansion of large public hospitals, and the purchase of medical devices is mostly on a large scale.
In the first half of the year, the company introduced new products such as sv70 no-breathing respirators, hybasev8/v6 electric complex surgical beds, and abdominal cosmogs with re-use devices. In vitro diagnostic operations generated $5,143 million, an increase of 29.82 per cent, benefiting from conventional reagent consumption overseas.
Full recovery from consumption and a bright performance of heavy-pound products, the ivd line is growing at a high rate. The company’s penetration of high-end hospitals and large chain laboratories abroad is increasing at a remarkable rate. q2 conventional reagent consumption in the country is affected by the epidemic, but the trend is improving month by month, with level III hospitals steadily increasing their share of domestic income.
The bc-7500 series, chemically luminous cl-8000i, biochemical bs-2800m achieved rapid loading, of which the bc-7500 series completed 1,000 installed machines in the first half of the year, and the blood cell market share was the first in the country. In the first half of the year, the company launched a fully automated biochemical analyser bs-600m, small biochemical fluids m1000, fully automated
Blood cell analyser bc-760&bc-760cs, a new generation of high-end condensation analyser cx-9000 with reagents, the introduction of heavy-pound products will contribute to the rapid growth of the ivd production line. The medical image business has achieved a revenue of 3.264 billion yuan, an increase of 22.20 per cent compared to the 22.20 per cent, benefiting from ultrasound procurement.
New high-end ultrasounds, new medium-end ultrasounds, and the rapid upturn of the new high-end ultrasoundsi series, have led to breakthroughs in high-end customers, both within and outside the country. Companies in the domestic market have accelerated high-end breakthroughs in the traditional ultrasound and emerging clinical units in the courthouse, with level II and III hospitals increasing their share of the country’s ultrasound revenue year after year, with over half the high-end ultrasound income in the city.
In the international market, we have benefited from the zst+ field light platform based on hologram data and the roll-out of the new mid-to-high-end ultrasound series of high-end desktops with an arctic processing hardware structure, as well as high-end customer-loading in Europe, CIS, Latin America and other markets during the fight against the disease, with a high-end Mx and me series of ultrasounds.
The company will fully open a breakthrough from the lower-to-middle-to-high-end customers. In the first half of the year, the company launched new products such as Poc super-high-end flatboard supertext20, Consonan 9/8, professional eye colour super “Decide zs3oclar” and Uninvented-Quantified Hepatus6/5.
As of 30 June, the number of single hospitals in which the "Richard Federation" (Redwig) has been able to sign up has increased by more than 80 in the first half of the year; there are more than 2,000 "Swiss Shadowing ++" heavy-loaders and nearly 800 new ones in the first half of the year; and the "Mary Inspector" laboratory it programme has been implemented.
Nearly 90 hospitals have been installed, 70% of them level-III, and nearly 30 more in the first half of the year. In the post-epidemiology era, companies have seized the opportunity to reach more high-end hospitals, group hospitals, and large companies that have achieved horizontal breakthroughs.
The North American market: Life information and support has accelerated the penetration of high-end client groups to boost high-speed growth in US business in the first half of the year. In the first half of the year, the company signed exclusive supply agreements with two Idn medical associations for the next nine and 10 years, respectively, and with an Idn medical consortium for the next five years.
European markets: more than 100 fully new high-end customers in the first half of the year, and more than 100 already high-end customers in the first half of the year, achieving horizontal breakthroughs in more products. Developing-country markets: more than 300 fully new high-end customers in the first half of the year, and nearly 300 already high
In the Indian market, companies’ marketing networks, service systems, and local platforms are deepening, with companies recalculating their market space in India at more than $1.5 billion compared to 15% of the total medical equipment market.
In the future, markets, led by large developing countries such as India and Brazil, will be an important driver of steady growth in corporate performance. Cost rates have steadily declined. Net interest rates have risen further.
A research and development engineer in Shenzhen, Wuhan, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, Seattle, and Europe. The Wuhan Institute is well under way and is about to be the second largest research and development centre.
To international marketing, to set up a multi-dimensional marketing team, and to develop sound distributionr management systems and systems, to build a matrix architecture for global marketing that effectively improves the systematic and fineness of marketing management. Operating cash flows are growing in tandem, and construction projects are advancing steadily.
The net operating cash flow for the first half of the year was $4.08 billion, with a net operating cash flow of 0.77 per cent in relation to the net profit of the parent. The construction of the Méri Medical Science and Technology Park was well under way in the first half of the year. The total area of the complex is about 200,000 square metres, and the production of modern precision machines and plants is scheduled to start in the first quarter of 2023.
It will then become the fourth largest manufacturing base in the world, covering the area of the bone, and will support the assembly of major business products through the provision of core parts and components for the rest of the base through precision processing and regular processing. In addition, the Murray Medical Global Supply Chain Headquarters, Longhua Technology and Industry Park, has been officially launched.
About 128,000 square metres, with a total investment of $2.2 billion, will carry over 60% of the company’s supply chain to continue to open overseas markets and hatch seed business further. The three production lines and four high-potential businesses in Murray have been deployed, corresponding to domestic, international and market space of $120 billion and $710 billion, respectively.
In the context of the continued rapid expansion of the medical equipment industry in both national and emerging markets, companies still have enormous growth space in global markets, especially in developing countries other than China. Sub-businesses such as aed and micro-surgery have grown at a high rate, with micro-surgery more than doubled in the first half of the year; aed in English.
The country’s huge demand for new health-care infrastructure will be released gradually, supporting company growth. According to companies, there is still more than $22 billion in market space to be released by the end of June, from the point of view of the market.
The year is expected to grow to about $32.5 billion, which will provide financial security for future health-care construction. Murray’s strong product competitiveness, a well-developed whole-of-court solution, and the “3R” ecosystem are well suited to the new foundation of medical care and better support the construction of intelligent hospitals.
The company has benefited domestically from new infrastructure and product upgrades, while simultaneously accelerating the expansion of high-end hospitals overseas. The in vitro diagnostics business has grown, and life information and support operations and medical video operations have grown robustly, with little success.
The rapid release of seed operations such as the Section, aed, scale effects, and higher end product ratios for profitability are accelerating and will gradually be transformed into a global medical flagship, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject