The Medical Health Research Centre (MHRC) has been growing steadily, branding has continued to increase (+20 per cent), net profit of mothers is $5.288 billion (+22 per cent) and net profit of non-mothers is $5.247 billion
Three major business plates have grown steadily. H1 company income from life information and support (+12%) in 22 years has benefited from the start-up of new domestic medical infrastructure and the break-up of high-end clients abroad, with micro-surgery doubling the growth, aed large-scale overseas loading, and high performance;
1. Annual and quarterly reports have grown steadily, and research and development innovation has contributed $5,143 million (+30 per cent) in operating income, benefiting from the full recovery of conventional reagent consumption overseas and from the strong performance of heavy-pound products, of which hemoglobin business market share stands at the highest in the country; medical imaging industry
Revenues from services amounted to $3.264 billion (+22 per cent) and benefited from the warmth of ultrasound procurement activities, as well as from a completely new high-end ultrasound. 2. Equity schemes have shown confidence in the rapid breakthroughs of the offshore high-end client base brought about by the company’s long-term r and completely new medium-to-high-end ultrasound series.
3. "The new capital of medical care is growing robustly, and new products are emerging, and the high-end client base continues to break, and global brand power is rising significantly. 22 years of H1's drive on the international market – the three-quarter review of Méri's health.
More than 400 new high-end clients have broken through. Among them, the large idn medical complex in North America has achieved a sustained breakthrough and now covers nearly 80% of the idn medical complex: Europe has broken more than 100: developing countries have made a breakthrough.
300. In addition, there are nearly 400 horizontal breakthroughs with high-end clients. Corporate branding has been globally recognized, contributing to the company’s follow-up development.
National Production Substitution-Merry Medical Incident Review, research and development, and long-term development of new products.
The plate introduces a fully automated biochemical analyser bs-600m, a small biochemical stream of water m1000, a fully automotive blood cell analyser bc-760&bc-760cs, a new generation of high-end condensation analysers cx-9000 and an accompanying reagent: a medical image plate rolls a poc super-high-end flat board supertext20, grass-roots colours
Super-medium-high-end solution conson9/8, professional eye colour super-lighted zs3ocullar, no-quantitative liver supermeter, hepatus6/5, laying a solid foundation for the company’s subsequent growth in performance. We look forward to the integrated development of corporate diversity.
Vuanwei@aiza.com.cn Risk of change in the new crown epidemic; risk of policy change; risk of failure in research and development; risk of friction in Central American trade.