The three major industries have gone hand in hand, and have continued to grow fast, and the three core businesses have gone together.
During the reporting period, the company ' s life information and support business generated operating income of $677,172.67 million. During the first half of 2022, the country ' s new medical infrastructure continued to advance, and the demand for clinical equipment continued to rise, prompting the rapid release of the company ' s equipment products.
Ecosystems are more aligned with new capital needs, with rapid growth, providing strong support for the growth of life information and support operations; in vitro diagnostics operations, influenced by the re-emergence of a new global coronary epidemic in the first half of the year, corporate inspection test agent products are visible, and thousands of tests are completed in the first half of the year.
High-speed growth in the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations has been achieved through the provisioning of machines; in the field of medical imagery, the company ' s high-end client community abroad has continued to break through, and the company ' s high-end ultrasound and medium-end ultrasound i series has been quickly released and rapidly growing. Overall, the company ' s three core operations have been real during the reporting period.
The rapid growth is driving the overall performance of the company. Shen Wen’s internationalization continues to advance, reaching out to high-end overseas clients.
During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $607,879.84 million, an increase of 17.74 per cent. The number of high-end customers worldwide continued to rise, adding 400 high-end customers globally, including more than 100 high-end clients from the European region and more than 300 high-end clients from developing countries.
In addition, in the North American region, the company signed exclusive supply agreements with two Idn medical associations for nine years and 10 years, respectively, and with an Idn medical consortium for five years. The company’s high-end clients abroad have made steady breakthroughs, showing, on the one hand, a corporate comparison.
A good internationalization of the company’s operations, coupled with its rising overseas revenues, also supports the growth of the company’s overall performance. As the company’s internationalization strategy continues, the number of high-end clients continues to grow.
The three main projects of the company's “Swiss Union”, “Swiss Shadowing Plus” and “Mary's Inspector” laboratories are continuing.
As of 30 June, the “Richard Federation” programme has achieved 300 single-sign hospitals, reporting that 800 additional units have been installed during the reporting period; the “Mary Inspector” has accumulated more than 90 installed hospitals and 7 has become level III hospitals, with 30 additional installed hospitals achieved during the reporting period.
The health-care ecosystem has continued to expand, enabling health-care institutions to be computerized, while also accelerating the deployment of intelligent medicine and the pre-emption of the industry. The equipment market has been growing steadily over the long term, the country’s new foundation for medical care has continued to grow, and Murray’s health as a nation.
China-China Securities Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique insights, and features that are not relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report does not address any attempt to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, to cause China-China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations or to cause China-based securities to be accepted.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.