With a steady growth in performance, the international high-end market has accelerated its breakthrough.
2022H1 Life information and support to achieve revenues of $6.772 billion, an increase of 12.47 per cent over the same period; full recovery from consumption of overseas regular reagents and bright performance of heavy-pound products from companies, with 5,143 million won in in vitro diagnosis from 202H1, an increase of 29.82 per cent over the same period; rapid upswings from ultrasound procurement to all new medium- and high-end products
The breakthrough in high-end client groups, both in and out of the country, brought about an increase of 3.264 billion yuan in medical images, compared with a 22.2 per cent increase in performance. Given the uncertainty of the epidemic, we have slightly adjusted our profit projections to a low current valuation, and the company is expected to maintain a longer-term robust growth and buy-in rating.
• The new infrastructure for medical care is steadily under way, with the continued expansion of three of the company’s core operations: the new capital revenue for medical care at 2022h1 is approximately $3.4 billion, which is still in the rapid release phase. From the point of view of the company’s accessibility to the city, by the end of the reporting period, the market space for the new infrastructure for medical care in the country had exceeded 22 billion dollars to be released
In addition, the company’s “3 Swe” ecosystem has been steadily released, especially the “Swiss Union” solution, which has a cumulative total of nearly 300 single-hospital hospitals, including more than 80 new ones in the first half of 2022. We see that thanks to strong product competitiveness, well-developed corporate solutions, and the “3 S” ecosystem, we have been able to develop a new system of health care for all.
The company’s success rate for new capital projects in health care will be strongly guaranteed, with the prospect of accelerating the process of national production substitution.
In vitro diagnosis, the bc-7500 series, chemistry, and the head of the national equipment accelerated to the new steps - the company lightcl-8000i, biochemical bs-2800m, with the bc-7500 series of the first half of the year's installed thousands.
First Cover Report 2022.5.3: New high-end r series and new medium-to-high-end i product support company ultrasound operation in the field of medical imagery has made a full-scale breakthrough from medium-to-low-end to high-end clients. As of 2022h1, the company has made a breakthrough in the international market.
More than 400 fully new high-end clients and close to 400 more high-end clients have achieved horizontal breakthroughs.