Performance meets expectations, platform advantages are significant, performance is growing steadily Investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) Corporate prices compared to trends in depth of 300
• Domestic growth has continued its steady trend, the growth rate of overseas markets has recovered brightly, and platformed advantages have been highlighted: companies have continued their trend towards steady growth in past performance. The net cash flow generated by company sales of Māori in the first half of 2022 was about $4,077 million, and the quality of their operations remains excellent.
By region, in the first half of 2022, the Chinese region achieved revenues of about 9,277 million yuan. In the first half of 2022, overseas markets achieved revenues of 6,079 million yuan, an increase of 17.74 per cent over the same period.
The total recovery from the consumption of conventional reagents abroad and the bright performance of the company ' s heavy-pound products (the blood cell business is the country ' s largest) resulted in an in vitro diagnosis of 2022h1 yielding $5,143 million, an increase of 29.82%. On the product side, the company introduced the bc-7500 series, chemical light.
cl-8000i, biochemical bs-2800m, with bc-7500 series in the first half of the year, benefiting from the breakthrough of high-end customers, both in and out of the sea, brought about by the rapid upturn in ultrasound procurement and new mid-end high-end products.
The company's new high-end r series and a new medium-to-high-end i product support company 1. The company benefits from the new global medical infrastructure, and the company's performance. Ultrasound business is a full-scale breakthrough from medium-to-low-end to high-end clients. As of 2022h1, the company is in the country.
The international market broke through more than 400 completely new high-end clients, and there were nearly 400 more already with high-end clients, life information and support lines, which benefited from new domestic medical infrastructure development and overseas high-end company medical new capital revenues of approximately $3.4 billion, which are still at a fast-disbursing stage.
From a market perspective, as of mid-2022 it was reported that the market space for the release of new health infrastructure in the country was over $22 billion, with growth still achievable in the second half of the year.
In the field of external diagnosis, the new generation of medium- and full biochemical analysers (bs-600m), a new generation of high-end condensation analysers (cx-9000) and small-scale biochemistry waterlines (m1,000); in the field of medical imaging, the professional ophthalmology superconductor (Zs3oclar) and the ingenuity-free Quantum Hepatitis machine were introduced.
In the field of life information and support, products such as hybasev8/v6 electric complex operating bed, sv70 no respirators, abdominal mirrors, etc., and in the field of intelligence medicine, the new U.S.
Over 80 additional single hospitals, and nearly 800 new units for the "Sweeze Cloud Plus". The company, based on the mpi medical product innovation system, always maintains close synergy between R & D and production, with a combined competitive advantage of 36 times the price of the previous shares, 29 times the price, and 24 times the price of the country's medical equipment.
Enterprises, integrated corporate performance and profitability, maintain a firm's “buy-in” rating; product development does not meet the expected risks; contact person: Li Xuan, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for medical equipment and vd industry research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.