Crystal Australasia (00245.sz) expects a significant increase in the volume of goods in the second half of the year, compared to +44 per cent, with a net return profit of $4.81 billion, compared to +183 per cent.
20.4 billion yuan, + 26 per cent, ring 1 per cent, resulting in a net return of 2.23 billion yuan, together with the company ' s draft equity incentive plan for 2023, with a performance evaluation target of 1.
2. Crystal Australasia: 4q22 units are over-expected, channels, prices are falling rapidly affecting the pace of delivery, and the unit is holding high. 23.95gw (including 497gw) of the public battery assembly in the first half of the year, and 12.3gw of the q2 component.
q3 Super-expected profitability, N-type release will continue to increase profitability-Chrystal +5 per cent, industry chain prices will fall rapidly at the end of the second quarter, downstream demand watching will influence the company's pace of delivery, with silicon prices stabilizing, and the company's delivery is expected to increase rapidly in the second half of the year.
The exit guide maintains 60-65gw, an increase of more than 50% in the same year. In the first half of the year, the corporate component went abroad, and the corporate component continued to earn a high profit. Due to rapid price fluctuations, the second quarter of the year recorded a reduction in the value of the goods by 255 million yuan, and the first half of the year generated a gain of $602 million on the exchange of the company, a setup, etc.
Financial instruments generate fair value changes and investment losses of $475 million, excluding the above-mentioned factors, and a slight decline in the profit ring for q2 component end-of-service units, mainly due to an increase in the rate of extraction outside the battery, which is expected to be supported by subsequent totcon output.
The company topcon is at the top of the industry, Ning Jinjin 6gw, Yangzhou 10gw, Quixin 10gwtopcon battery capacity has been put into production, Yangzhou II, Shijia Estate, and the total 30gw production capacity is expected by the end of the year.
The output is expected to exceed 57gw by the end of 2023. Given the efficiency and power advantages of the Topcon component, the company is expected to maintain a higher profitability during the component price reduction cycle based on product and technical advantages.
Vertical integration advances a firm cost advantage. The company’s new construction project is proceeding as planned, with a 95w output expected for its components by the end of 2023, while planning to raise the silicon/cell block yield ratio to 90%, continuously improving the vertical integration advantage and increasing cost competitiveness.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating The deterioration of the international trade environment, advances in new technologies and exchange rate fluctuations of the renminbi.
Within a week, within a month and in February.