Vertical integration continues to deepen, and equity incentives highlight corporate confidence.
Production capacity has been steadily upgraded, and the output of components has been at an all-time high. \triangleright 23.95gw (including its own 497mw) of 2023h1 battery assemblies, which account for about 55% of overseas shipments, distribution.
By the end of 2023, the company ' s component capacity will reach 95gw, and silicon and battery capacity will be about 90% of the component ' s capacity. 2023h1 Viet Nam ' s 2.5gw crystals and slices, 10gw crystals and slices (head 20gw crystals and slices item I)
In addition, 10 gw crystals and slices (phase 2 of the top 20 gw crystals and slices), 10 gw slices and 20gw electricity in Yangzhou.
Pools, 10gw batteries and 5gw components, 10gw batteries and 10gw components on the east stage, 10gw slices and 10gw batteries on the stone house, 2gw components in the United States, first four rounds of 5gw grouping, 30gw crystals and silicon chips in the Oldos Gorge, 30gw batteries, 10gw components
\triangleright, which accounts for 5.46% of operating income.
A maximum efficiency shift of 25.6 per cent will lead to further efficiency and stability; an efficient “hycium” of high-efficiency batteries based on silicone-based helimatic helithonic techniques will be tested on the test line; and a research and development centre will be active in researching and storing a wide range of back-to-back contact, thorium ore and stacking battery technologies.
In 2023, the company released a new new N component product based on a new generation of rectangle silicon silicon, using a n-182mm*199 mm silicon silicon silicon. It also incorporated high-density containment technology, such as smb technology, and a 72-form assembly capability.
Implementation of equity incentives with robust long-term incentives.
Motivation of the company ' s top managers and core technical (business) cadres, with the company developing a 2023 cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. annual stock options and restricted stock incentives, awarded to 2,722 incentive recipients
8.021,18.36 million stock options in the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing; 3.4 million restricted shares for 11 incentive recipients, while setting firm-level performance appraisal targets in the context of future industry and company development.
\triangleright Risk factors: less demand for photovoltaics than expected, risk of continued decline in prices of photovoltaic products, competition patterns Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the photovoltaic industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindashian voucher research centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the new energy car dealership, Lee Woo-hung, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, responsible for non-relationship, non-relationship and direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.