Performance meets expectations, integrated productive expansion consolidates a leading position, achieves income of 40.843 billion yuan, or +43.47 per cent; achieves a net return of 4,813 million yuan, compared with an integrated leading enterprise, and synergizes production capacity across the chain. Companies are based on vertical integration in the light industry chain.
The new production capacity during the reporting period includes 12.5 gw for crystals and slices, 6gw for batteries, 20gw for components, and an orderly increase in the production capacity of the chain.
In addition, a total of 60gw crystals and slices, 80gw batteries and 32gw components are moving forward as planned in projects such as head, Ningjin and Yangzhou, with a projected 95gw, silicon and battery capacity by the end of the 23rd year
The scale and synergy are expected to be further highlighted, with about 90% of the output of the components. Globalization has accelerated, making it more competitive.
Half-yearly, battery assembly shipments were 23.95gw, of which the components were about 55% overseas and 34% distributed. For marketing, the network of company sales services has reached 135 countries and territories around the world, abroad.
The major countries have set up 13 marketing companies and have upgraded the two major mature markets in Europe and the United States to regional transport centres to enhance technological service capabilities. In terms of production, companies have built vertically integrated industrial chains in South-East Asia and have begun to build 2gw component plants in the United States to improve their ability to circumvent trade barriers.
With regard to access, companies have established stable and long-term partnerships with core customers such as the Global High-quality Energy Power Corporation and the Photovoltaic Power Station System Integrator, while at the same time, in mature photovoltaic markets, they have been able to create a strong market for energy.
Companies provide commercial and technical support to their customers through local distribution channels, and businesses and households use photovoltaic power generation for research assistants who use market shares to increase year by year, and channels and customer sticker by year.
In terms of batteries, the company's latest volume N-folder at least 25.6% of the battery conversion efficiency will continue to be optimized; the hycium is heterogeneous.
In terms of components, the company published a complete new N component product, Deepblue 4.0pro, using 1. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) for the year 2022:
Type N 182mm*199 mm rectangular silicon silicon silicon silicon, superplacing N passivated contact bycium+ battery technology, integration, higher performance expectations, greater degree of integration, greater profitability, 2023 smb, etc., with a component power of 630w and an efficiency of 22.5%, which is expected to improve.
Low bos costs and lcoe yield higher returns to clients. 2. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) In-depth report: Photovoltaic Component Leadership, further deepening of integration - 2022/1.
3. Chrysotile Technology (002459.sz) incident rating: N-type setup acceleration and new technology overlap, with city occupancy and profitability expected to increase continuously, maintaining a “recommended” rating. New products released with a significant increase in customer value - 2022/1
4. Tri-quarter review of Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) 2022: 5. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) semi-annual report 2022: Performance meets expectations, vertical integration accelerates layout - 20
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.