Tri-quarterly review of Tienfu communications in 2021: influenced by the cost side, October 27, 2021, low performance, downstream demand is expected to boost performance.
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua : On October 25, the Tianfu News released a 2021 q3 performance report for the first three quarters of 2021, with a 0.7 per cent decline in the same year. Of this, q3-quarters companies achieved an operating income of $276 million.
The increase of 4.61 per cent in the same year, the net return to the mother is 75 million yuan, a decline of 14.80 per cent in the same year, the steady growth in performance, the small oscillation of the Māori rate: 766 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 16.63 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the company's active development of high-quality domestic and external customers
The company’s q3-quarter Māori rate is 48.05% in 2021, as a result of the simultaneous increase in operating costs due to the growth in corporate sales, the rise in upstream raw materials and labour costs, and the introduction of employee equity incentives in 2021.
▪ Research and development of high-speed light engine products has continued to expand, while research and development of high-speed engine products is well under way: the company spent $82 million on research and development in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 45.25 per cent over the same period, accounting for 10.71 per cent.
An increase of 2.11 pp over the previous year. Companies have a strong stock of specialized cross-country R & D, managerial talent teams to expand the pool of talent through the sustained introduction of R & D professionals, focusing on R & D, market-oriented, high-speed light engine development and accompanying products, as well as the use of regional talent.
The growth of downstream demand, new product lines, and new business areas will contribute to higher performance: digital connectivity, high capital spending by North American cloud traders, gradual acceleration of the construction of telecommunications terminals in the second half of the year, and four quarters.
The company's high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres will raise funds to account, and research and development, process, and key customer development will continue to be assessed on a semi-annual basis: performance for the first half of the year will be maintained
Plans to build. As product development and process development in the high-speed light engine product area continues to grow, and the high-speed light engine construction project is under way, the company's construction has expanded the Osaodm high-speed light system, the light separator, the high-speed system.
At the end of the fourth quarter, the strategic layout of the company’s core products has been enriched to meet 5 g and data.
Annual Report: Annual and Quarterly Performance Focus on building market demand for high-speed light engine products, promising a sustained increase in corporate profitability Maintenance of high growth, two rounds of connectivity and telecommunications
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: The company's profit margins have declined as a result of factors such as the increase in the price of raw materials,3 and Wirtschaftsprüfer (300294): downstream demand has gradually improved throughout the year, corporate competitive patterns are better, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board