q2 q2 performance ring improvement and diversification of operations at the same time
The benefits are mainly to dispose of the return on investment in logistics property ($850 million) and government subsidies.q2 The speedier regressed and diversified operations expanded rapidly: two-quarter power suppliers were boosted and fresh-timed.
In January-May 2021, according to monthly operating data, the stock holdings reached 4,180 million votes, an increase of 40.88 per cent, and the city ' s 9.4 per cent, compared to 0.8 pct in the same period in 2020.
It appears that the company’s high-end power suppliers are expected to continue to grow in their use of the timer package, while the market for power suppliers remains strong, and the company’s breakdown of courier products and the resources of different product lines are shared, and it is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year. In addition, it benefits from well-developed network capital.
Portfolio, smooth and sustained diversification, with new operations such as express, cold and pharmaceutical and collegiate businesses accounting for 28.6 per cent of corporate income from 20.85 per cent in 2017 to 28.6 per cent in 2020; supply chain operations are also realized
Continuously advancing fine management: companies expand diversified business markets and network resource inputs (including transit and automation equipment, dry feeder capacity, etc.), capital spending increases, 2004 capital expenditure 4.870 billion yuan, yoy+166 per cent, 21q10 billion and yoy+107.6 per cent, in addition to spring festivals.
Higher pre-arrangement inputs and increased employee subsidies, resulting in a phased burden of corporate costs, while institutional investors' share share of the liquiditya Economic couriers with low price increases, affecting overall Māori ratio levels, combined impact
Losses in the next quarter. After high capital spending is invested, the company’s capacity is still on the slope, with some of the production bottlenecks being alleviated by the consolidation of resources such as the fast-moving networks, the fast-moving networks, the storage networks and the sites, lines, etc. of the federated networks, and the upgrading of transit automation equipment.
Resource utilization, operational effectiveness, etc., have recovered steadily. As the volume of business has grown, the effect of scale has gradually become apparent. The second quarter saw a significant increase in the performance round, with net return to the mother of $1.63 to $1.82 billion, with an increase of about $1.74 to 1.86 billion.
There are still differences in comparison, but corporate excellence in fine management, resource consolidation, and improved operational effectiveness are gradually emerging from the low profits. Launching into operation early in the year as the fourth specialized global cargo airport will lead to a smooth air network.
The improvement of the structure, with the achievement of a centralized route to increase the loading rate and a centralized sorting of the utilization of resources, has helped to open down the cost of a single ticket. In addition, there are currently 66 full cargo aircraft of their own and one-third of the total cargo in the country.
A step up, reaching 16,725 tons in 2020, or 25 per cent of the country’s cargo volume, and a target of 3,826,000 tons in 2045, leaving much room for improvement in the future of smooth aviation. Profit predictions: at the same time as the volume of operations continues to grow, through network layout, cost control, internal control
In the medium term, as the business matrix continues to improve, it provides security for profit growth. The airport is not operating as expected.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
. This report ... is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.