Q2 q2 performance improvement, focusing on the four-line accommodations.
Billion yuan, q2 net profit to the mother, 1.7449 billion yuan, an increase of 2,848 million yuan over the ring; q1 net interest not to the mother, non-recurring gains and losses, leading to a reversal of 2021h1 net profit to the mother, non-recurring gains and losses, mainly the company ' s interest in three property assets located in Fushan, Lake China and Hong Kong, China
Market data: 20 August 2021: disposal gains transferred to the Trust Fund for the Investment of Happiness in Real Estate, and government subsidies, etc. Business growth continues to increase, and new business provides dynamic growth.
Highest/minimum in the year: High demand for emergency quarantine supplies, with a significant increase of 68.46 per cent in corporate business on a year-on-year basis, and a 40.4 per cent increase in business on a year-on-year basis during the first half of this year, with an average increase of 59.5 per cent in two years.
This is higher than the industry ' s average increase of 33.4 per cent, with the company ' s economic express service focusing on high-quality electronicware services, and the market value of its currenta share (billions): rapid growth in volume, with income from 21h1 rising by 69.16 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In addition, the company ' s new business continues to grow at a high rate.
Long, 21H1 combined income increased by 43.77 per cent on a year-on-year basis, contributing more than 48 per cent of the revenue increase, contributing to total revenue, upgrading the time-limited product system and optimizing product stratification.
Standard land transport products are upgraded to a new generation of easy-to-be fast products.
By 2020, the epidemic slowed down the pace of corporate capital spending, while a significant increase in business volume led to production bottlenecks and reduced network efficiency.
The Department’s capital investment is concentrated in 20q4 and 21q1, which results in pressure on performance. Companies re-examine the investment of resources on the line of operations, and in the first half of the year they launched a full four-line facility in more than 100 cities across the country, enhancing the optimal integration of resources, promoting cost-recording controls and timeliness increases, and improving the performance of the q2 link.
As volume increases and resources are optimized, corporate-scale effects are expected to be released. Investment advice: as the largest integrated logistics service provider in the country, firms are precisely positioned at the middle and upper end of the market, with a full mix of prescription express, economic express, compost, fast-moving, cold-chain logistics, international operations, etc.
The company is expected to have long-term competitive advantages of 0.89, 1.53 ps in 2021 and 2022.
Central Sea State 28 West City, Beijing, 7th floor, Shanxi Stock Company.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.