Investment rating: Bought (first time) .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The global penetration rate of new energy vehicles is about 3%, and the high-growth track is still in its early stages, amounting to nearly 100 billion years of space; the company ' s car customers are rich in resources and actively expand their productive capacity to a strong leader, with a total investment of about 150 billion yuan on the market, exceeding 500 gwh.
The power generation ratio increases the capacity to store power grids, with a trillion market space in 2030; multi-party agreements, such as the public administration and the national electricity grid, are actively deployed. • Sustained high input and a large, high-quality research and development team ensure technological innovation and enhance voice rights
The technology of lithium has changed more than this, and the company's patents ranged from material systems to design, and the company's prices compared to the depth of 300; the technology is rich in reserves, such as cobalt-free positive poles, silicon negative poles and lithium supplementation, new electrolytic fluids, and so on.
Covering diaphragms, solid-state batteries, structural design, intelligent manufacturing, etc.. Continued high R & D investment has created barriers to technological power, and companies have the largest high-quality R & D team, with over 5,000 people and a per capita salary of over 230,000, ensuring that technological change can be led while increasing the voice of the industry chain.
• Cost control and profitability are so high that costs pre-enhance long-term competitiveness, whole-industry chain layout and national production supply systems, technology and size advantages create a company’s raw material cost advantage, with low production line construction costs. Cost rates continue to decline during the company period, and are significantly lower.
Peers. Corporate per capita income generation and net per capita gains are on the rise and far higher than their counterparts; equity incentives cover about 17% of the employees and define employee benefits in depth. Under the cost advantage, the company’s profitability is significantly ahead of its peers, radical depreciation policy pre-costs, overvalued insurance.
The Division, as a global leader, covers for the first time and gives a “buy-in” rating.
"The trend of reheating is now in effect, and phosphate lithium spring arrives -- two-eighths of the new energy lithium battery series -- phosphate iron."
Lithium 2020-9-15 3. Exploration of the Development of Lithium Phosphate from Supply and Demand - New Energy Lithium Batteries Series III 2021-1-5
4. " Lithium is a very high nickel trinity with two wings of phosphate, flying together -- New Energy Lithium Battery Series IV. The company originated in the atl power cell sector of the polymer lithium ion battery company in 2011 by Tseng.
Since 2017, the company has occupied the head of the global power cell, with 25% of the world’s cities in 2020, and half of the country’s cities in 2020. The company is looking for two trillion-dollar markets for power cells and storage, and there is much room for development.
In terms of storage, the share of new energy generation relative to the increase in the capacity of the power generation needed to increase the capacity of the grid, and in 2025, the storage market will reach 62-130gwh, and in 2030 it will reach trillion markets. In terms of power cells, companies will use cars.
Households are rich in resources, active in expanding their productive capacity, and strong leadership, with a total planned investment of about 150 billion yuan in productive capacity since they were listed, corresponding to over 500 gwh. In addition, new energy vehicles have opened a new ecology, making full use of the company’s product characteristics. In terms of storage capacity, companies and the national electricity grid, Costa, and the executive branch have been working together.
We divide the core competitiveness of companies into two main areas, technological innovation and cost-control capabilities. On the one hand, with huge financial and human investment, the company's patents are spread across the battery chain to ensure that it is able to lead the technology.
On the other hand, in terms of raw materials, production lines, and management, companies’ cost-control capabilities are plentiful and profit-oriented. In good business management, the two combine to ensure that companies are able to continue to lead the two tracks of power and storage.
Lithium has more than this technological change, and companies have patented all the components of battery design. Positive materials. Three dollars of high nickel and phosphate lithium have been reheated in the recent past, and may be followed in the direction of lithium nickel, lithium manganese acid, lithium phosphorus, and lithium. Companies have a patent layout for cobalt-free positive materials, such as lithium nickel manganese, for several years. Negative materials are still available.
In the case of electrolysis, companies have been patented on new electrolytes, diaphragm coatings, and have been studying solid-state batteries for many years. Outside the material system, companies have been patented on structural design at various stages of the battery.
The company’s continued high-level R & D investment guaranteed technological strength and the largest high-quality R & D team. In 2019, R & D was $2.99 billion, higher than 2.35 billion in the lgc battery sector, after Biadi.
But Biadei is a car manufacturer, and its research and development team includes a number of sectors other than batteries. The company has over 5,000 power cell research and development teams, more than 2,000 people, and is currently the largest research and development team.
The number of R & D workers in the lgc is 5700, but it is expected that the power of the battery sector will be significantly lower than in the Nender era. In 2019, R & D workers in companies were paid $230,000 per person, significantly higher than their peers; they received $157,000 per person, which is higher than their counterparts.
In 2021, more than 1,500 students were enrolled, of whom more than half were in research and development (R & D) jobs.
Under the technology, companies have access to the industry chain of voice. The company's patents are spread across the entire chain of industry, and technology penetrates upstream. In the first half of the year, changes in the Māori rate highlighted the company's position as a leader in the industry chain.
Chart 3 The number of patents in the chain of the Ningde era The company has laid out the whole chain of lithium electricity to control the core raw materials; based on long-term development, 19 billion yuan has been invested in high-quality enterprises up and down the chain of assets.
The first is because of the country-owned supply system and the firm's strong bargaining power based on technological penetration and size advantages; the second is the company's whole industry chain layout and control of core raw materials; and the third is the technological advantage that allows companies to produce high-quality batteries with relatively low-cost raw materials.
The company’s cost-control capacity is also reflected in the cost of the period. The cost rate of the company’s period has continued to decline and is significantly lower than that of its peers. The company’s per capita income generation and net per capita gains are on the rise and far higher.
In addition, the company adopted a more aggressive depreciation policy that pre-empted costs. The depreciation rate of 19.9 per cent in 2019 in the Nender era meant that the average depreciation of the company’s fixed assets was five years, while the annual depreciation rate of the rest of its peers was less than 11 per cent, equivalent to more than nine years.
Quality insurance accounts for projected liabilities, combined with a return-to-sale sales system, and accounting treatment is extremely prudent. For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was awarded for the global leader.
2.1 From the alt power cell sector, the ten-year achievement power cell global tap. The Ninder era originated from the atl power cell sector of the polymer lithium ion battery tap. Atl was established in 1999 as Mr. Tian Quan and then Chairman of the new business, Mr. Liang Shakang, and Executive Director of tdk Chen.
Mr. Hua co-organizes it. Atl spent a lot of money on patenting the polymer lithium pond held by the American Bell Labs and became the country’s leading team in addressing lithium battery recharge. Atl succeeded in taking over the mobile cellular battery market at the height of its domestic telephonic penetration in 2000 and in taking down Appleipod in 2004.
After that, atl stung up, working with the big players like Samsung, Hwa, Vivo, and Taijia, became the global leader of polymer battery shipments for seven consecutive years in 2012-2018. In 2011, Mr. Xuan Quan became a second-time entrepreneur, and joined atl in creating the Ningde era.
In 2012, the Ningde technological team successfully captured more than 800 pages of BMW production standard documents, met all BMW technology requirements, and became its core supplier, producing power cells for BMW's first electric car, No.1e.
In 2017, corporate power cells were sold more than loosely, becoming, for the first time, the leader of the power cell industry and keeping it in line.
Figure 8 Developmental history of the Ningde era 2.2 has a clear equity structure, high-level teams have great experience in lithium, corporate control is clear, and the equity structure is relatively centralized.
The second and third largest shareholders of the company are Mr. Huang Shih-jin and Mr. Ningbo, Vice-Chairman, who hold 11.2% and 6.8% of the shares of the company, respectively. In addition, the Deputy Chairman, Lee Ping, holds 4.8% of the shares.
The company's executive team came from atl, and from top-level consulting, investment companies, for lithium electricity research and development, and was the chairman of Ninder's new energy board, director of Praid, vice president of the tdk-style company. Hwang Shih-hyeong was the director of Ninder's new energy research and development, and Pan Jian, the deputy director of the board, and Zhou Jia, the director of Bann's consulting.
The management team, which includes top talent in lithium electricity research and development, business management, and strategic development, has long-term development and deep equity incentives that bind the interests of its employees. The company spends 9.9% of its shares on employee incentives at the beginning of the market.
The company currently operates three R & D centers in Ninder, Jiangsu, Qinghai, Sichuan, Tulin Silver, Germany, etc. In order to tie up the company’s partnership with the downstream company, the company works with the upper steam, I, etc.
In addition, the company has established offices in the United States of America, Canada, Japan, France, and Hong Kong, China, to enhance deep cooperation with the global flagship and access to high-quality upstream global resources.
2.3 Financial soundness and high-profit quality The first three quarters of the recovery and return net return were only slightly lower than industry averages. The first three quarters of the company ' s operating income and the net return profit were $31,522 million and $3,357 million respectively, respectively, representing a 4.1 per cent decline in the same year.
The company’s performance in the first three quarters, though slightly reduced by the epidemic, was extremely resilient, showing better performance than its peers. The net return on the company’s revenues and returns in the third quarter was $12.69 billion and $1.42 billion, respectively, an increase of 0.8% over the same period, the power cell system contributed more than 70% of the revenues and the Māori, and the storage capacity and other businesses increased.
Look, most of the company's revenue and the Maori comes from power cell business.
The net interest rate has remained largely stable in the context of a small decline in the Māori Division ' s Māori ratio, owing to excellent cost controls.
103.06 billion yuan, representing a 0.2 per cent decline in the same year. Despite a small decline, it still represents 2.8 times the net profit, a proportion that has remained more than 2.7 times higher over the past three years, indicating that the company has a very high quality of earnings, a very high level of industrial chain voice, and a very strong blood-producing capacity in the main business.
Three companies are oriented towards two major trillion-dollar markets for power cells and storage, with a domestic market-friendly growth point for a new energy vehicle, which is a highly determined high-growth track with a market-based growth point in 2021.
It will continue to have a high-intensity impact with overseas policies. The new energy vehicle is better than any fuel vehicle in terms of energy conversion efficiency and environmental degradation throughout the life cycle; in the future, as smartness and autopilot move forward, the new energy vehicle will be able to provide stable and efficient electrical performance and an incomparable response speed.
Driven by the shift from subsidy-driven to market-based, and driven by quality supply, market-based growth will take place in 2021. Under Europe’s new energy vehicle subsidy policy, growth patterns are high; and the new energy policy of the United States, Biden, is more robust, promising new developments.
In contrast to the month-to-month fluctuations in sales under the influence of previous subsidies, the country ' s new energy vehicle sales rose steadily in 2020 and continued in January 2021; structural optimization contributed to long-term development.
Monthly sales in 2020 largely reflected the recovery of the economy after the outbreak at the beginning of the year, with a steady increase from July to July. The cumulative volume of new energy cars sold in the country in the year 2020, 1.67 million, continued its boom.
After a sharper downswing, with the bulk of new vehicle sales dominated by small vehicles; after the fall of the subsidy in 2019, despite a small drop in sales, there was a significant increase in the share of a class A and above, and the data for 2020 showed a bipolar division of vehicles a00/a0/a/b/c per month, with a large share of a class B and above, with a grade a00 vehicle taking advantage of the market on a value-for-money basis.
Chart 20: Our new energy vehicle sales (millions) continue to be strong, with high growth patterns expected to continue; the new energy sources in the United States, Biden, are on the rise. With the stimulus of the subsidy policy and new vehicle types, Europe’s new energy vehicle sales remain high, 2020.
About 1.28 million vehicles sold annually, an increase of 136.2 per cent over the same year, and 895 million in January 2021, an increase of 19.6 per cent over the same year. Under the subsidy policy, the high growth pattern will continue as the economy recovers. New energy vehicles sold in the United States are about 300,000, 320,000 in 2020, a marginal increase of 1.4 per cent over the same year; and 35.7 million in January 2021.
One, 6.7% more than in the same year, Biden came to power, new energy policies are more active, and new energy vehicles are expected to develop. Previous plans announced include the reboot of taxes and charges on new energy vehicles, the construction of over 500,000 new charged power posts by 2030, support for new energy and zero-emission vehicles with the federal government’s procurement system, and investments of $400 billion over the next decade.
Figure 23: New energy vehicle sales in the United States (one) Chart 22: New energy vehicle sales in Europe (one)
The same increase of 2.3 per cent in the first half of 2020 affected downstream demand, with installed data declining for six consecutive months in January-June. This decline is gradually improving as the demand for downstream recovery improves, with domestic power cell loads increasing continuously since June.
Figure 24 Domestic power cell loads (gwh) Global penetration of new energy vehicles at about 3% for the entire industry cycle is still in the early stages of development, with a 10-year trillion-old growth in gold. We expect our new energy vehicle output to outperform in 2025.
Our power cell market is about $60 billion a year, and the world is about $120 billion; with battery technology expanding rapidly and falling costs, it is expected that the global power cell market space will exceed $600 billion in 2025, 2030 global and our power cell market space.
3.2 The company, which has been a leading global power cell company since 2017, has maintained the world’s highest market share. From 2018 onwards, the world’s power cell output has remained essentially stable at the top of four, for the Ninder era, lig chemistry, pineapple and Biade;
The era was the first in the world from 2017 to 2019. 2020h1 was temporarily behind the lig chemistry due to the decline in domestic loading by the epidemic, and, with the recovery of domestic loadings and the beginning of the release of corporate customers abroad, 34gwh of batteries, corresponding to 25 per cent of the world’s cities, were still the world’s leading in 2020.
From 2017 to 2019, with a strong product competitiveness and a white list, the share rose steadily to 51%, becoming an absolute leader in the country. In 2020, overseas competitors, combined with car companies, were actively seeking to secure the supply chain.
The second supplier, the company’s market share, has fallen slightly, but remains at almost half the level. The company installed 31.79gwh in 2020, with a 50% rate; in December, it installed 6.79gwh, with a 52.4% rate.
The company’s downstream customers are more dispersed, and the wealth of its clients can ensure continuity of its position. The company’s clients are more diverse than 35%, with 51% of the top 10 clients. In terms of passenger cars, the company and most of the country’s cars are working together, including new forces such as Mahi, Peng, Idea, Wilma and Jili, Wally, Hirondelle, Kitano, Up.
The company’s top ten clients in 2020 were Aira, Woo-Tong, Peng, Tesla, Gilly, Wall, Guang, Ideas, East Wind, North. Given the company’s current customer quality, the company is adding future Tesla.
The country’s leading position is likely to continue. The company’s installed customers in figure 282019 have a deep partnership with many overseas car companies, and future overseas client lending will help raise global market power.
Companies that hold BMWs, the general public, and other overseas head cars, have recently won the second and third orders of the modern e-gmp platform, which continue to grow. With the introduction of the new energy vehicle model for these overseas clients, it can be expected that there will be a significant increase in the company’s share of overseas cities.
The company has been actively expanding power cell capacity, with a total planned investment of about 150 billion yuan renminbi since its listing, corresponding to more than 500 gwh capacity. In its semi-annual report of 2020, the company disclosed that the current capacity is 28.7 gwh, 18.9 gwh in construction capacity; 57.4 gwh and 37.8gwh in the corresponding year. The company ' s current capacity is mainly concentrated.
The Ninder Base Phase One or Two project, the Qing Hai Seining Base Phase One or Two project, the Jiang Su-yang Phase One Project and the Gas Generation Project were launched at the time of the joint venture with the company. 3.3 The new energy vehicle is turning on the new ecology, taking full advantage of the company's product characteristics.
New energy vehicles have been powered separately, laying the foundation for a multiplicity of business models. Currently, new power sources in the market have been supported, mainly from wind and gas. One hundred and sixty-three power substations have been built throughout the country, covering 72 cities. North gas power has built 187 substations in 19 cities.
With more options available to households, the corporate business model will be more diversified, while in the area of operations, the switching model will save time to charge and increase efficiency. In addition to the new energy source, Gilly is separating from the North, and building 35 power switching stations in Chongqing in the course of the year.
New energy vehicles can be made more competitive by effectively reducing the first purchase costs and balancing the costs of their use through power separation. New energy vehicles are more expensive because of higher battery costs than first purchases, but lower than conventional fuel vehicles because of lower electricity costs than oil and lower regular maintenance requirements.
The cost of the source vehicle throughout its life cycle, enhancement and comparability of fuel vehicles. The Bais Battery Rental Service Program was released on August 20, 2020, reducing the cost of the first purchase of the vehicle by $70,000 through battery leasing. Battery costs only $980 per month.
The first purchase cost is reduced by $6,750,000 for the first purchase, and the corresponding battery rent is $780/980/month. The switching model can break through the charge bottle, address the residual pain, and the power station battery can also participate in the Peak Valley storage.
Adding to the battery’s own limit on discharge speed, there is still a gap between the charging pattern and the refuelling model of the conventional fuel truck. The switching model will be able to fill the energy supply in three minutes, break the time-stamp for charging and, in contrast, be flexible enough to switch power anywhere.
There are widespread residual concerns on the part of the user; in the case of power separation and power switching, the user does not have to bear the cost of battery decay, thus increasing the vehicle retention rate. Moreover, the time for battery replacement is relatively flexible, with low price of power in the valley, which reduces the cost, and participation in grid storage can also serve as an accelerator.
In the case of power switching and car separation, battery life becomes a key factor in costs, and the company’s long-lived life battery advantage is highlighted. For example, in the case of the battery lease scheme, the first fee was reduced by 10,000 dollars in the case of battery asset operations, and the rental income was a monthly cash flow.
In June 2020, the company placed long-lived batteries with a cost of about 2 million km over 16 years, 10% higher than the current battery. From the operational point of view of battery capital, assuming that the first input was raised from 70,000 to 80,000, and the battery life reached 16 years, Irr went further.
The extension of the power switching model will expand the market for power cells, and the high demand on battery suppliers for head batteries will take over the market. Under the power switching model, the demand for batteries will be greater than the volume of new energy vehicles, which, by 1.5, would be equivalent to an additional 50% increase in the market space of the original power cell.
Coherent performance and after-sale services are more demanding, so that the head business, represented by the Ninder era, takes over the market. The company's long-precedented power switch for new energy cars, with a joint venture set up in June 2019 to replace two wheels;
In August 2020, in cooperation with new power companies such as Uji and Yao, the power supply was replaced by batteries, a free replacement of 3.4 storage facilities and a rapid development of energy revolutions. The share of new energy generation in the energy revolution has to go through the road.
The development of energy-intensive industries such as elevator and end-loading poles, 5g base stations, and data centres has created a higher demand for grid-resilient or storage power. The flexible advantage of battery storage has been that other storage options cannot be matched, and the boom in new energy vehicles has fostered a well-developed lithium chain, making low-cost and reliable electricity available.
The storage has multiple applications, the commercial value of the user side has become more visible, and the power side and side of the grid are largely driven by policy. The storage side can be divided into user side, side of the grid, and side of the power generation.
The combined or industrial park as a backup power source to improve the quality of the power supply or to reduce the cost of the power charge can also be combined with the charging of the power, the delay in the need for the expansion of the distribution system when accessing a large number of recharge posts, and the smoothing of the surge in the current charge; the price differential of the Peak Valley in Beijing is already beginning to be economical. The power side increases the stability of power generation in addition to the reduction of the dumping of the wind with renewable energy sources.
Qualitatively, it can also be used for the fire power plant FM to increase the crew life and efficiency; renewable power generation needs to be stored to enable access to the Internet, which is already a mandatory requirement in some areas. The grid side can be used in microgrid systems to slow the build-up and the data show that the cumulative size of the global electrical and chemical storage capacity was 9.5 gwh in 2019 and the addition of a 2.9 gwh.
According to the National Energy Agency, the total share of wind and photovoltaic power generation in 2019 was about 8.8 per cent at 4057 and 224.3 million kW, respectively; the total share of wind and photovoltaic power generation in the first three quarters of 2020 was 3317 and 2005 billion kWh, respectively, rising to 9.8 per cent.
Che; the current policy on new energy storage capacity already covers 17 provinces, including Liaoning, Gilin, Henan, Hunan, and Hubei. We assume that in 2025, the global photovolt will be 300gw, with a ratio of storage capacity and penetration rates in different scenarios, it is expected to be 130/86/62gwh under optimistic/neutral/pessimistic conditions, respectively.
After a year, with the further increase in wind power generation, the unreconciledness of electricity generation, the demand for storage-comparisons will increase exponentially to ensure the smooth operation of the grid and the full use of wind-fired power generation. According to the solarzoom projections, wind-fired power generation in 2030 will be close to 40%, with the corresponding storage capacity and new energy.
The share of the source holdings should be close to 2, when the demand for electrical and chemical storage capacity will exceed 1,500 gwh, corresponding to trillion market empty companies and multi-party agreements, which have been actively deployed and the related operations developed at a rapid rate. In recent years, companies have been active in the field of storage capacity revenue, joint ventures with upstream and downstream enterprises, and so on.
In addition, the company established a storage company in partnership with the national electricity grid, Costa and the executive branch to build storage energy projects and produce storage energy products; and in February 2020, the company launched a $20 billion targeted increase in production.
Two billion yuan was spent on research and development of electrical and chemical storage technologies, and 7.4 billion yuan on research and development and production of power and storage batteries. The White Paper on Research in the Storage Energy Industry, published by the China Energy Research Institute, showed that in 2019, nearly 400 mwh of the German-era new energy storage project, which provided the country’s first-ever lithium storage technology, was launched by China’s Energy Research Institute.
Figure 40: The configuration of the company's storage system for the last three years 4 technological innovation capabilities will create three major research and development platforms of the company's moat river 4.1 for lithium power multidimensional technological development
The essence of a lithium ion battery is that the oxidation reduction reaction, in which lithium ion is involved, converts electricity and chemical energy to each other. In batteries, the active material involved in the reaction is positive, negative and electrolytic or electrolytic. In the decades from the first study to commercialization, lithium-electric material systems have changed and changed several times.
In addition to licooo2, ncm, nca, lifepo4; negative poles are applied to silicon materials in addition to natural graphite and artificial graphite; electrolyte is used to develop additives and even new forms of lithium salt to improve battery performance on a safe basis. Lithium cell production processes are divided into core, module, battery packages, among the most important.
The main process is the core process, and when the core production is completed, the production sector will pair, assemble, and test the modules for each module. The corresponding module will then be loaded into the outer shell, the cooling system and the containment of the box will be tested, followed by the final testing of the battery package, and then qualified for storage.
The performance evaluation of the lithium ion cell is multi-dimensional and includes energy density, life cycle, multiplier performance, allocative performance, low-temperature performance, self-discharge, etc., all of which are closely related to material systems, structural design, manufacturing processes, etc.
Turn off. For example, energy density, relative voltage and ag capacity of positive and negative poles determine total energy, while the use of non-active materials in structural design that reduce the use of non-active materials other than the positive and negative polar material can reduce denominators and increase energy density indicators. Material self-sustainability is the basis for long-cycle life, but the physical use of material limits its long-lived properties.
In addition, the control of the production environment and process parameters in manufacturing processes, in addition to material systems and structural design, is directly related to the safety of the battery. Lithium cell R & D is a holistic engineering project, and performance evaluation indicators for multiple dimensions correspond to technological developments in multiple dimensions.
The company has three major innovation platforms, namely materials, products, and intelligence, that correspond to the multi-dimensional development of lithium electric technology. Among them, the material innovation platform focuses on innovation in the field of electrochemical materials, exploring materials systems that are more dynamic, reliable, and cost-effective.
The research and development platform in the field of intelligence is structured in three main ways: intelligent sensing, intelligence computing, and intelligence synergy. In addition, the company ' s 21c Innovation Laboratory, which laid the foundation on 24 June 2020, devoted 3.3 billion dollars to research and development of the next generation of batteries, such as lithium metal batteries, fully solid-state batteries and sodium ion batteries.
Figure 44 R & D platform layout, smart innovation platform, product innovation platform
• Research in the field of intelligence: breakthrough innovation in the domain of electrochemical materials
• Sensitivity, intelligence, search for higher performance, integrated innovation
It's more reliable, more reliable, more intelligent, and it's in combination with the three main layouts.
Value-for-money material systems • to produce product interlacing innovations, for users
It's more human than that, and the company pre-positions the next generation of batteries.
Positive materials can be divided into three types of concentrated anion-type materials, represented by phosphate, lithium phosphate, as well as layered structural materials, represented by cobalt-acid lithium and trinity, depending on the structure.
Lithium acid represents a sharp crystal structure material. From the current mainstream material, phosphate lithium, due to the advantage of value for money, highlights a reheating trend, and the three-dollar trend towards high nickelization is consistent with the high energy density and the cost of reducing cobalt.
Lithium phosphate increases the power density by increasing the voltage platform, while in high energy density, in addition to high nickel, there are very promising developments in high-pressure materials, such as lithium nickel manganese, lithium manganese-rich material, such as the positive poles. Companies, as industry leaders, have a patented layout for cobalt-free material, such as lithium nickel manganese, for several years now.
There are mainstream orthodoxy materials containing cobalt metal, while the relatively scarce, expensive and volatile cobalt resources are a major impediment to the process of unattaining batteries. As a result, large battery plants in the industry have introduced cobalt-free programmes.
Industry leaders, years ago, started research and patented cobalt-free materials such as lithium nickel manganese, which are still mainly graphite, and silicon-based negative polar material with potential for development. Lithium electrode materials can be divided into carbon materials, silicone-based materials, metals and their oxides, and others. Carbon materials, represented by graphite, are currently in the mainstream.
Negative material, the advantage of which is that voltage platforms are moderate, low-cost, cyclic and multiplier, but the actual capacity is close to the theoretical capacity limit. In other negative materials, silicon is the most potentially negative material of the next generation, which has a theoretical capacity of up to 4,200 mah/g.
The graphite is 10 times the highest of the current alloyable lithium element, and the silicon element is the abundance of the crust, the regular and carbon-material composite silicon-based and silicon-oxy-carbon materials. Moreover, silicon materials are commonly charged for the first time and are inefficient if their high-capacity properties are to be fully realized, and lithium drills need to be supplemented in the design of the core.
The company also has early layouts for silicon negative poles and lithium supplements. Silicon negatives are recognized as the most potentially negative material in the industry, and companies already have relevant research and patent reserves. Issues such as the volume effects of silicon negative poles and low conductivity can be solved by wrapping polymers or metal oxides or even multilayered structures, while first-time inefficiency is required.
Lithium supplementation is the more advanced part of the core design, with only a small number of head battery companies having patent layouts; companies have more than 40 patents and about 10% of domestic patents.
In electrolytic terms, the electrolytic liquid additives and diaphragms have recently been coated with a long-term view of the solid state. The electrolytic effect of the electrolytes in batteries is to isolate positive and negative poles and transmit lithium ion, and in conventional liquid cells it is electrolytic diaphragms and in solid-state batteries it is a solid-state electrolysis. Solid-state batteries have such features as the safety of non-leaptile gas fires.
In liquid batteries, the components of the electrolyte, especially the additives, are essential to the multi-faceted performance of the battery; and the diaphragms are also important.
Companies have been patented on new electrolytes, coated diaphragms, and have been studying solid batteries for many years. Companies have worked deep for years on electrolyte additives, involving systems that improve high-temperature properties, cycling, etc.
In terms of safety, companies also have patents on the coating of diaphragms to improve safety and thermal stability. Solid-state companies have also studied solid-state batteries for years, with patents on a variety of solid-state electrolytes, such as polymers and sulphides.
The battery's technology is not just the material system, but the design from the core to the module to the pack level varies considerably and develops space.
The growth of structural design is underpinned by years of accumulation of research and technology, and the company’s patents on structural design cover the cell’s entire spectrum. Structural design is associated with energy density, safety, and circulation stability of batteries.
It's vital, and it's technology-intensive. From the multilayered structure of a cluster to the protection of a battery bag, the company's patents cover, years of research and the accumulation of technology have set the stage for structural innovation based on the example of "ctp." Smart manufacturing is a battery safety and low-cost escort, and the company's technological build-up has reached the equipment ring.
Line design and environmental control, equipment and parameter control in the manufacturing chain affect the production efficiency and consistency of the core, and hence the cost and safety performance. Smart manufacturing is one of the research and development directions that companies are currently focusing on.
In the Ninder era, this application is in the field of the processing technology of the pyrotechnics, and especially in the context of a shoal-to-powder-to-powder device.
The company’s R & D costs are at the forefront of the industry, with a sustained high R & D input to support R & D. The company’s 2019 R & D
The cost is $2.99 billion, higher than 2.35 billion in the lgc battery sector, after the Bialdi, which is a car manufacturer whose research and development team includes many sectors other than batteries. In terms of R & D rates, the company ' s R & D rates remained between 6.5 and 7 per cent between 2018 and 2020, significantly higher than the Bialdi and lgc battery departments.
On balance, corporate R & D inputs are at the forefront of the industry, and high R & D inputs can guarantee the company's R & D strength.
The company has a power cell development team of over 5,000 people, with more than 2,000 people. The company ' s 2019 report revealed a total of 5364 research and development workers, far higher than domestic manufacturers, such as high-schools, hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium energy, and moor energy technology.
Less than 40%, the power cell sector is expected to have a significantly lower number of R & D than in the Ninder era. The total R & D figure disclosed in Biadi 2019 was 35788, of which R & D personnel in the battery sector are estimated to be more than 4,000. Taken together, there are just less than 3,000 people in Biadi, far more than other companies.
A comparison of R & D figures in figure 562019 shows that companies are paid more per capita than their peers, attracting high-quality R & D talent. In 2019, the average remuneration of R & D staff in companies was $230,000, which is significantly higher than that of their peers; the per capita remuneration was $157,000, which is higher than that of their counterparts in R & D.
The company continued to add more talent, with over 1,500 candidates in 2021, of whom more than half were in the R & D category. The largest category of jobs in the company’s 2021 recruitment programme was R & D, with 778 persons planned to be recruited, accounting for the total number of recruitments.
The next category is engineering, where 261 recruits are planned, or 17% of the total. In the educational distribution, 38% of the posts require a master’s degree or higher, while the rest are in the category of posts in the company’s 2021 enrolment plan.
In addition to the core and battery systems, the importance attached to the manufacturing chain. In terms of research and development, the battery system.
The Department of Management, the Department of Mechanical and Electronics and the Department of Electro-Crystals are the most numerous; in engineering manufacturing jobs, intelligent manufacturing and process flow of 4.4 technologies penetrate industrial chain voice rights, companies have patents spread across the entire chain, and the technology penetrates upstream.
The electrolyte and diaphragm links also have a lot of layouts in the equipment chain. Technology penetrations upstream, on the one hand, highlight the Department’s strong research and development on power cells and, on the other hand, strengthens the company’s upstream voice.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate changed to highlight the company’s position as a leader in the industrial chain. The first half of the year, the epidemic affected the demand for new vehicles downstream, the volume of power batteries dropped on the same scale, and the general Māori rate in the industrial chain declined in its performance.
Contract liabilities of $5.42 billion are generally not received in advance or contractual liabilities; corporate accounts receivable run days are also generally lower than those of peers, indicating that companies have a relatively strong voice in downstream. Companies take the lead in producing “ctp” to put the core together.
It's a battery bag, and it's a drop efficiency, and it's going down in the industrial chain. The company combines the core and the chassis in the layout "ctc" and combines the engine, the control, the full-car voltage voltage like dc/dc (direct-direct-flow transformer), obc (car-loaded charger) and so on through an innovative architecture, with intelligent power domain control.
By “ctc”, the cost of the power system can be further reduced, and the cost-control capability of 5 miles can be enhanced to enhance the competitiveness of the industry. 5.1 The whole industry chain layout consolidates the control material.
In lithium ion batteries, solid material costs up to 30-60% of the raw material, which the company has done from the end of the resource to the end of the material. Source-based participation in the offshore and offshore lithium and nickel mining enterprises, layout of the nickel project; material end through the holding subsidiary Guangdong Bampoo, etc.
In addition, the company has launched a silicon-based negative pole project through its holding company, which has installed fluorine-containing titanium.
In terms of equipment, the company's full subscription of 2.5 billion people to lead an increase in stock holding of 7.1%, and the nebula shares increase based on long-term industry development, investing $19 billion in high-quality enterprises up and down the industry chain. With the rapid development of the new energy vehicles and storage industries, there may be short panels in the future that are poorly equipped and inadequately supplied with critical resources.
For the long-term development of the industry, the company announced on August 12, 2020 that it would invest in high-quality listed enterprises up and down the industrial chain, both in and out of the country, for a sum not exceeding $19 billion. The huge investment highlights the strategic vision of the public sector as a leading industry company, which will enhance industrial chain cooperation and synergy and improve resource efficiency.
5.2 Raw materials have a significant cost advantage, with low production-line construction costs. Companies have a cost advantage for raw materials, and costs are significantly lower than those of their peers in different calibres.
The data calculates the cost of raw materials for the company and moor technology, and the company’s cost advantage of the raw materials persists. The power cell dismantling report in the ubs also compares the cost of raw materials from a disassembly point of view of the plant’s core with the cost of materials in catl180ah at $70/kwh, with the lg and the first staircase at the cost ladder.
A strong bargaining power for penetration and size advantage; a company-wide chain layout and control over core raw materials; and a technology advantage that allows companies to produce high-quality batteries with relatively low-cost raw materials.
Companies have a strong bargaining power over the size of a country using a national production supply chain, in addition to technology penetration. Companies have a significant advantage in purchasing prices because of the size of the procurement and the dominance of upstream technology.
In the three main bases of Huxi, Jiangsu, and Sichuan, the unit investment in production lines amounts to RMB 289-333 million/gwh, while most of the counterparts are between RMB 300-500 million/gwh; the equipment is between RMB 186-227 million/gwh.
The company ' s running-time cost rate has continued to decline and is significantly lower than that of its peers. Since 2016, the company ' s running and financial cost rates have continued to decline, while the sales cost rate has remained low and the three costs have continued to fall. q1-3 in 2020, with a total cost of 5.60%.
Excellent management capacity. Cost rates have continued to decline during the company period in figure 72 (%). Corporate per capita income generation and net per capita gains are on the rise and far higher than their peers.
In terms of per capita income generation, the average income per company is much higher than that of other companies in the industry, more than twice that of the vast majority of companies, and only Hinwanda has more than 1.03 million per capita income, half of which is taken into account.
In terms of net per capita gains, the company’s net per capita gain was 17,000, while the rest, with the exception of 100 million latitudes, did not exceed 50,000; Given that more than half of the profits of the billion-dimensional lithium were derived from investment gains from electronic smoke-related operations, the company was the best.
Figure 75 Net per capita interest indicators for different companies (millions of dollars) Figure 74 Comparison of per capita income generated by different companies (millions of dollars) Corporate equity incentive schemes cover about 17% of employees and define employee benefits in depth.
From 2018 to 2020, the company introduced an annual equity incentive scheme, with an annual increase in the rate of coverage. The large-scale equity incentive scheme will take into account the self-interest of the average employee and the growth of the company.
Together, it promotes long-term healthy corporate development.Figure 76, Corporate Equity Incentive Coverage, 5.4 Profitability, Cost Pre-Enhancing Long-Term Competitiveness
The company’s profitability is significantly ahead of its counterparts. The 20th-h1 company power cell system has a 26.5% Maori rate, higher than other comparable companies’ related business, reflecting the company’s cost advantage. To be able to compare with the two major international competitors at the same time as the lgc and the pine, and to close the gap due to financial costs, we have introduced pre-tax benefits.
As an indicator, the pre-tax profit rate for companies in 2020h1 was 11.8 per cent, a significant advance over their counterparts.
In addition, the company has adopted a more aggressive depreciation policy that pre-empts costs, with an average depreciation period of about five years for fixed assets. The company ' s announcement of 25 April 2019 changed the depreciation period for power cell production equipment partly based on early technological development from five to four years, while the average depreciation policy for the industry is more than 5 to 10.
Compared to the Division's depreciation rate of 19.9 per cent in 2019 in the Nender era, which means that the average depreciation age of a company's fixed assets is 5 years, while all other counterparts have annual depreciation rates of less than 11 per cent, equivalent to more than 9 years.
Since 2016, the company has accounted for the projected liability for the power cell system and the storage energy system at 3% of sales income, and accounting is extremely cautious. We have taken into account the actual occurrence of the premium in different companies, dividing the increase in the expected premium in the liability by revenue, and comparing the conservative treatment of the premium in different companies.
The Division’s accounting treatment is robust, and optimistic assumptions suggest that companies treat 2% of their profits prudently. The other companies’ ratio fluctuated considerably and was below 1% or even negative, with negative values indicating that the value of the premium that occurred during the period for the corresponding product was higher than the current draw-down and, to some extent, that the premium scale was less robust.
Figure 80 compares the payments made by different companies with the sales-back system, which improves cash flow and enhances customer stickyness. The company’s projected liabilities include sales return in addition to the premium, with sales returned in 2020h1 amounting to 2,926 million yuan, an increase of 432 million yuan in the current period.
After the sale returns, return gains are paid; for the company, the equivalent amount of cash is spent for the period, improving cash flow. If the return is not paid, it is treated with caution.
We have selected several mainstream companies and companies in the lithium industry, compared to an average of 83/135/59 times in 20/21/22. Companies, as global power cell pioneers, have significant technological and cost advantages and profitability advantages, taking into account the development prospects of new energy vehicles and storage industries and the company’s leading advantage as global champions for the first time.
(1) Industry competition has increased, and prices of products have fallen lower than expected. The power cell price reduction is a necessary route to the parity of new energy vehicles, as well as a major development, and if future competition increases lead to lower than expected prices, it affects corporate gains (2) higher than expected prices for raw materials.
The level of profitability, if raw materials are higher than expected, will affect corporate profitability. (3) New energy vehicles and storage capacity are not growing as expected. New energy vehicle development is a long-term trend, but growth in market sales is not expected to affect corporate sales and short-term performance growth.
Chinese, Chinese, Thai, and electronics.
Teng Fei: four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce in Kedge, France, combined background in electrical engineering and finance, covering lithium Soong Wai Jian: five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, fields of study covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, covering new energy
Source and traditional vehicles: Three years of buyer industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.