Summary of the Car Plus Robot event: company disclosure of the first quarter of 2024: $5.688 billion in revenue from 2024q1, compared to \triangleright
At a time when the sales of customers are increasing, leading to higher corporate income; and achieving a net return of $645 million, the same as in the series of 1.Top Group (601689.sh) rating four: profit +43.36 per cent, ring +16.58 per cent, net profit is also at an all-time high, and we analyze the ring growth of profit.
2. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series III: Performance 3. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series II: Run 4. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series I: Launch
Rates of adjustment and financial cost are equal to +0.22 pct, +0.07 pct, -0.80 pct to 1.38%, Robot Production Base, 1 billion yuan class track start-up, 2.75%, 0.71%,
The platform's tier 0.5 sword refers to the global engine. Client +: Strategic binding of Tesla and the new power of car-making, marching into the global supply system.
Long, the strategy now binds Tesla and opens a new round of growth, while entering into global supply systems such as Ford, Fca, Lucid, Daimler, BMW, the general public, Audi, Honda, Toyota, etc. In response to the changes in industrial electric intelligence, companies actively engage with rivian, Uri, Peng, Ideas, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, etc.
The international strategy is accelerating. In addition, the company’s auto electronics business is on the harvest, closed air hangar systems, smart brake systems ibs, electric transition systems eps, smart electric door systems, etc.
Product +: eight product lines to build platform-based businesses. The company’s innovative 0.5-level business model continues to grow rapidly, with the value of one-car packages for head smart electric cars constantly increasing and now has eight series of products.
Goods: Automobile nvh seismic system, interior and interior accessories system, light weight quantification, smart cabin components, thermal management system, chassis system, air overhang system, smart driving system with one-stop solutions for the cable control chassis, complete thermal management module and self-researching of core parts, with a single vehicle package amounting to $30,000.
Actively configured robots have intelligent stars. Teslabot can use smart car chips, \triangleright power, algorithms to raise awareness, decision-making, and control capabilities, while sharing development costs and reinstating the end-of-cycle supply chain.
Under the Tesla squid effect, the robotics industry is expected to develop in an intelligent electric vehicle industry, and the qualitative changes brought about by technological maturity + lower costs will boost the full penetration of human robots. According to the World Bank, we measure the entire workforce of the ball at about 3.45 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 dollars, 11.6% of which is labour.
The mobile is replaced by robots, and the global market for human robots can reach $10 trillion. Sport executors are one of the core components of robots. Robot line executors and rotation executors developed by the company have sent multiple samples to clients, received client approval and received good ratings. According to the company's 2023 report, the company will do what it needs.
Fixed assets 3 billion yuan), planned 300 acres of land for robotic power-driven systems research and development base project, 2 power-driven systems production lines were put into operation on 8 January, with an annual capacity of 300,000 electric power-driven executors and new output Investment proposal: the company is a high performance elasticity in the Tesla chain, based on industry leaders
\triangleright exhibition and product extension capabilities are expected to emerge as autonomous parts and components in the context of changes in electro-intelligent intelligence; the current machine production capacity is gradually being built and is expected to contribute incrementally to the new business areas.
The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.