On April 23, 2024, new product volumes accelerated client growth, robotic execution, Topper Group (601689.sh)
The company released its financial report for the year 2023, and realized 19.701 billion yuan of operating income for the year.
Compared to +23.18%, a net return profit of 2,151 million yuan, a ratio of 26,49%, a net profit of non-repatriation, a successful expansion of autonomous brand clients, and a continued abundance of new products in the product matrix. Firm push into the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation, accelerating the expansion of domestic and foreign clients by relying on a rich product matrix, G-2023.
Qin Ji-Quan has achieved remarkable results in the development of its own branding clients, working with Hua-Celese, Ideas, Chi-Ri, Wall, Mi, Biadi, Gilly, etc., ibs, eps, air suspensions, etc.
Projects, thermal management projects, smart cabin projects, etc., have received orders from customers such as one steam, Gilly, Wallian-Celes, Ideas, Biadi, Mi, Upper Steam, East Wind, air hangar systems, smart cabin implementers, ibs, eps, etc.
In terms of capacity, the Hangzhou Bay 6th, 7th, and Chongqing plants, the Lake State factory, the Anisu County factory, have been built and are now operating at approximately 1,100 acres, while the Hangzhou Bay 8th, 9th and Western An factory, and the Mexican factory have accelerated.
In 2023, each of the company ' s five major products, the CL/ISP/Breathboard system, achieved business income.
429.9 billion yuan / 61,572 million yuan / 181.1 billion yuan / 1,548 million yuan, positive growth in current income compared to the previous year. The relative lag in the development of motor electronics is mainly due to the late start of business and slow progress in the opening of the city.
Changes are closely linked and the scale effect is the main driver of growth in Māori, so that the faster rate of business Māori rises is more pronounced, and it is expected that after the company ' s new capacity is available, the profitability of the new increase line will increase steadily.
In 2023, high-intensity research and development (R & D) supported the success of new businesses such as air hangers, smart cabins, etc. The Department focused on building its own manufacturing advantages, leading industrial technological advances, and building machines in 2023.
On 4 January 2024, the company signed an investment agreement with the Ningpo Regional Council for Economic and Technological Development on the R & D production base project for the company to invest 5 billion yuan in 300 acres of planned land in Ningpo.
According to the company in 2023, the company's power-drive business generated revenues of $18.543 million, the unit cost of the product exceeded $9,000, and the Māori rate exceeded 80 per cent. It is expected to open another growth path to the scale and profitability of the company's operations and help it grow further.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.