The Topper Group (601689.sh) continued to increase profitability, with net profits increasing by 43% in a quarter, client restructuring combined with product lines, and company performance continuously released.
197 million yuan, or +23.2% of the same year, the net profit from the mother is 2.16 billion yuan, or +27.0% of the same year, and the company achieved higher performance by excluding the non-net profit structure (Hwa, ideal, etc.) and a solid supply system.
A 52-week maximum/minimum price Optimization, scale effect release and client release, as well as impairments, have been fully accounted for (23q4 asset impairments of $60 million + credit impairments of 180 million) and corporate profitability has improved by the same ring ratio.
The depth of the high-quality customer binding and the volume of new products produced provide certainty of performance in 2024. Over the year 2024, the end of the vehicle was the Tupou Basics, and the company platforming strategy +tier 0.5 model continued to move forward. The 24-year focus was on high-quality customers in North America, Huayung, Ideas, Gilly, Biadey, and Mi.
Ongoing landings, such as stockings, stacking of new products: Tupou is currently holding eight fixed projects at 2304, yielding on a continuous basis; line control achieves six project fixes and officially delivers offlines; call poles are set at 9: Tupou Group (601689.sh) - high tubes increase operating confidence, end and machine
Projects; smart electrical door systems are also gradually being produced, while thermal management plants cover China, Europe, and the United States.
The Tupou Group (601689.sh) - the second quarter net profit has reached a quarterly high, with the robotics industry earning $1.85 million, with a Māori rate of 81.3 per cent, continuing the build-up of factories in and out of Tupou, maintaining the capacity to deliver orders and protecting the safety of long-term development.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Net profits increased by 86-108% in the second quarter of the year over the same period, and investment proposal: Tesla’s chain core target is to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Keep looking at Tupou Group’s performance growth due to product expansion, customer restructuring, expansion of capacity, and a corporate platform.
Summary of performance: In 2023, the Tupou Group collected 19.7 billion yuan, corresponding to +23.2 per cent, net profit from the mother of 2.16 billion yuan, ring of +14.6 per cent, higher performance of the company, thanks to a continuously optimized customer structure (Hwai, Rs, etc.) and a solid supply system, against the background of the burden of core customer sales.
Figure 2: Single-quarter operating income and growth of the company Māori rate achieved 22.4 per cent by year +0.5 pct, ring + 1.7 pct, net interest rate 11.4 per cent, year + 1.3 pc, ring + 1.5 pc, as a result of optimized product structure, release of scale effects and customer exposure, and sufficient impairments
Note (60 million devalued assets + 180 million in credit impaired) and corporate profitability achieved an improvement in the same ring ratio. Cost-rate view, company 2401 sales/R & D/management costs were 1.4/2.7/4.5 per cent, respectively, with the same score +0.2/+0.1/-0.3 pct, ring ratio - 0.3/+0/3-0.5 pct, 23q4 TG sales/R & D/management, respectively
Figure 6: Company single-quarter Māori rates and net interest rates
R & D is a powerful and efficient combination of R & D, focusing on key products and core technologies in the industrial chain in the R & D process and applying the accumulated technology and experience to new products and improving R & D efficiency. Based on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs, integrated development and systems integration capabilities, such as generators, electricity, fluids, software, etc., are built on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs.
In ibs, for example, ibs are a highly integrated safety system that integrates multidisciplinary elements such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms, etc., and companies in rapidly changing car market environments: 1) longitudinal iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines:
Based on capabilities such as power control, software, manufacturing, chassis, etc., to expand the wiring and steering systems (electrically aided transition systems, active back-wheeling systems, electrical tube poles, etc.), heat management system pump valves, air-suspension integrated gas chargers and control units, smart cabin products, power drive executors, etc., laying the foundation for the company to maintain its rapid development.
The Global Breathing Facility is a long-term competitiveness, plus-intelligent manufacturing and escort, a global distribution of production capabilities, and a near-supplier supply. Topau production bases are located across borders, Europe, the Americas, and South-East Asia, with more than 70 factories. Company 1) is built around the country’s major auto industry clusters, and is already in the Ninning.
Bases have been set up in Bo, Chongqing, Wuhan, Anhui, etc.; 2) overseas to serve international clients, manufacturing plants or storage centres have been set up in countries like the United States, Canada, Brazil and Malaysia, Polish factories have started to produce bulk production, Mexico has been promoted in an orderly manner to provide faster and more efficient services to clients and to further expand global peace.
In December 22, Tupou launched a non-public fund-raising plan for a total of not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion, for projects such as light-quantified chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving.
The benefits will be enhanced by: 1) filling the capacity gap and increasing the capacity to take orders; 2) optimizing the capital structure, reducing financial performance and risks, and enhancing sustainability; 3) enhancing profitability (the output of the current round of fund-raising inputs is reflected in a quadruple pattern of capacity-building). Meanwhile, companies are actively promoting the construction of digital plants and the implementation of the mes management system.
To achieve effective management of quality control, product traceability, enrichment production, equipment management, etc., and to promote company-to-customer data connectivity and the creation of industrial 4.0 smart plants.
The core logic: the high-quality client structure at the end of the vehicle and the continuous volume of products produced, leading to certainty of performance in 2024. Looking ahead in 2024, we believe that the core focus of Tophu is on the high-quality customer matrix plus the vehicles brought about by modular delivery capabilities.
End-of-service certainty, location of global capacity and advancement of potential implementer operations. 1) The end of the vehicle is basic: platformed strategy +tier 0.5 model continues to move forward with high-quality clients such as North American clients, Gilly, Biadi, Wah, Ideas, Ford, Urai and Mi. Add new products (vacant, seating) in 2024.
In 2024, Tupou’s performance grew with a high degree of certainty. At the same time, Tupou achieved near supply around the customer’s construction: Poland, Mexico, Euro-American clients, Chongqing, Cylis, An Insignia, and Biadi, with high-quality, stable client structure secure medium- and long-term performance.
2) Global field of production: In November 2023, Tupou’s factory heat pump was officially offline, creating 500,000 annual production units, while Mexico’s industrial parks and factories in the United States are moving in an orderly fashion. Tupou’s overseas factories have been continuously deployed in Europe, North America, South America, and South-East Asia, covering heat management, chassis, shock mitigation, and accessories.
At the same time, the Ministry of Industry has been set up to consolidate the resources available to it.
Investment proposals: The Tesla industry chain core, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
On the other hand, the company has recently published information on the recruitment of personnel for pump valve research and development centres, power-driven industries, smart surface development centres and electro-shock mitigation devices. It is expected that the company ' s research and development, design, production and cooperation capabilities will continue to be strengthened and that potential related operations such as the company ' s air holds, heat management systems and implementers will be expected to benefit.
We continue to look at the performance certainty and growth of the Group's product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement or drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.