“Cars + Robots” 1. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series III: Performance: Growing customer sales & Unleashing new business company profits continue to rise.
\triangleright 2. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series II: Business growth mainly from: 1) downstream client outreach and sales growth, companies in the domestic market and China - Cyrus,
Ideal, Chiré, Wall, Mi, Biade, Gilly, and so forth are moving fast.
Upgraded: Overseas market and United States Innovative Vehicle Clientsa, as well as traditional car companies such as Ford, gm, stellantis-2024/01/05, all have full cooperation in the area of new energy vehicles; 2) new business volumes, company ibs projects, etc.
4. Top Group (601689.sh) Tri-quarter 2022 press eps project, air overhang project, heat management project, smart cabin project gained one steam, Gilly, China performance rating: 22q3 over-expected performance and further profitability
For clients such as Cyrus, Ideas, Biadei, Mi, Upper Steam, East Wind, etc., for the long-term development of the company
Steady progress is being made towards 2022/08/31 A slightly higher operational capacity, lower costs, and sustained improvement in business performance, with varying degrees of Māori growth in rubber-shock and thermal-related management products.
By 5.01%, the increase in R & D costs is mainly due to successive productions of company air hangar systems, smart pod executives, ibs, pss, etc., and product lines are still growing. Sales rates, management costs, platform-type tier 0.5 means the global engine. Client +: strategic binding of Tesla and new driving forces.
In the age of smart electric power, the core competitiveness of the company qstp built on a stable partnership with the international, national and innovative car companies and the major traditional garages, accompanied by universal, gylic and long strategies to bind Tesla, start a new cycle of growth and enter Ford, fca, lucid,
In response to the changes in industry's electric intelligence, the company actively collaborates with the leading forces of Rivian, Uri, Pelican, Ideas, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, etc.
The international strategy is accelerating. In addition, the company’s automobile electronics business is gaining ground, and projects such as the closed air hangar system, the smart brakes system ibs, the electric transition system eps, the intelligent electrical door system are becoming increasingly productive and making a significant contribution to the “technosis.”
Product +: Eight product lines, platform-based enterprises. The company ' s innovative business model of 0.5 has continued to grow rapidly, with the value of a single-car package for head smart electric cars increasing and now has eight series of products: car nvh decomposition system, interior and interior adornment system, light weight quantifier, smart cabin components, heat management.
Systems, chassis systems, air overhang systems, intelligent driving systems with one-stop solutions for the cable control chassis, complete thermal management modules and self-researching for core parts, with a vehicle support of $30,000 and continuous extension space.
Actively configured robots have intelligent stars. Teslabot can use smart car chips, \triangleright power, algorithms to raise awareness, decision-making, and control capabilities, while sharing development costs and reinstating the end-of-cycle supply chain.
Under the Tesla squid effect, the robotics industry is expected to develop in an intelligent electric vehicle industry, and the qualitative changes brought about by technological maturity + lower costs will boost the full penetration of human robots. According to the World Bank, we measure the entire workforce of the ball at about 3.45 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 dollars, 11.6% of which is labour.
Motion operators are replaced by robots, and the global market for human robots can reach $10 trillion. Sport executors are one of the core components of robots. Robot line executors and rotation executors developed by the company have been sent to customers several times to obtain their approval and appreciation. According to the company's 2023 semi-annual report, the project is expected to open at 2024q1.
RMB (of which fixed assets of $3 billion), a project for 300 acres of planned land for robotic power-driven system development and production base, two power-driven system production lines were put into operation on 8 January, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-driven executors, and additional capacity has been initiated for the planned design.
Investment proposals: The company is a high performance elasticity in the Tesla industrial chain, and, with the industry ' s leading clients ' ability to develop and expand products, is expected to emerge as a leader in autonomous parts and components in the context of a change in electric intelligence; the current machine production capacity is gradually being built and is expected to gradually increase in new areas of business.
The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.