Tupou Group (601689): The year-round growth has been robust, smart cars, robotic dual-industry layouts have continued to advance functional devices, chassis systems, auto electronics, heat management systems have generated sales revenues of $4,299 million, $6,577 million, 61.22 per cent, +16 per cent, -6 per cent, and automobile electronics have grown up with new projects.
Car accounts receivable are prepared for bad debts, reducing current profits by $114 million, and delaying short-term performance of 2023q4. The Māori ratio for auto-electronics and heat management systems is equal to +0.19 pt, +0.94 pt, +1.99 pt, - "Smart car plus robotic components" and new products are expected to open up the growth space.
1. Top Group (601689): Growth is steady, with companies ibs, eps, air hangars, heat management, smart cabin projects getting one steam, Gilly, Wally-Celese, Ken, layout motor executives opening up a vast robot.
Ideas, Biadi, Mi, Upper Steam, East Wind, air suspension system, smart cabin executives, ibs, Market - company summary report 2. Topu Group (601689): Core client placement
In 2024, car electronics will enter the harvest period. In the robotics business, the year 2023 was a year of high growth, and the new business was well under way.
Two robotic power-driven production lines were officially launched at the beginning of the company, with an annual capacity of 300,000 units.
Investment proposals: The company’s eight main product lines in the area of automobiles are well-structured, and national and international leading sea markets are tied to the 0.5-level cooperation model – company summary reports, with a rapid growth of new energy vehicles, with a sustained increase in the number of new domestic players and autonomous brand customers expected to take place in 2024.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.