Tupou Group: 23 years of steady growth, new capacity & new business events: companies published their annual 2023 report, and in 2023, they achieved 19.7 billion yuan in revenue, compared to the scale and platform strategy, and strong growth in 23 years.
Eight major product lines have been in place, with a platformed strategy driving the firm’s 23-year robust growth. Sub-operations show that the company’s 23-year convulsioner business generated $4.3 billion, or +11.0% of the year; the interior feature business generated $6.58 billion, or +20.4% of the year; and the chassis system generated $6.12 billion of the year’s revenue.
Dollars, +37.7%; auto electronics revenues, 180 million yuan, ~5.8%; heat management systems, which continue to expand new products, new projects, and higher potential for future growth. Companies have created electric power-driven industries, companies have developed smart brake systems ibs projects for many years, in machinery, speed-reducing institutions, electric power plants, electricity.
In the areas of control, software, etc., deep technological deposits have been developed and expanded horizontally to thermal management systems, intelligent transfer systems, air suspension systems, smart pod implementers, and robotic power-drive executives.
The company’s ibs project, the ps project, the air slob project, the heat management project, the smart cabin project, obtained orders from customers such as Gilly, Wally-Celese, Ideas, Biadi, Mi, Upper Steam, East Wind, etc. for the company’s long-term development.
The company continues to promote the internationalization strategy, with faster production and distribution. The company has a strong hand order and new orders, and has continued to expand its production capacity to meet the demand for orders. The company has built about 1,100 acres of factories in Hangzhou Bay in 23 years, Hangzhou Bay in six, seven and Chongqing, Lake County and Anhui County.
The 9th and Xian plants have also accelerated planning. At the same time, the global layout has been steadily advanced for close-up strategic clients, with the company ' s Polish plants abroad in production, while the Mexican factories have accelerated planning.
Risk factors: Risk of shortage of chip supply: Risk of increased prices of raw materials: production of new customers is not as high as expected; platforming strategy advancement process is not as high as expected.
Cindasecuritiesco. ltd Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Number 1 of the 2018 Gold Bull Award, Number 2 of the new wealth in 2020, and Number 4 of the team's core members in 2020.
Experience, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, with a focus on Tesla, smart cars, autonomous brands, field car technology centres, and Joaquin securities, with one year ' s work experience + three years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Xu Guofang, the Master of Applied Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as intelligence, new power, and so forth. Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.