R & D drives growth, and the implementer project is moving fast - the Topper Group (601689) reports a steady build-up towards R & D capacity and a growing product line.
The company has consistently pursued R & D and innovation, and after many years of technological accumulation, the systems that now have product lines are being synchronized towards R & D capabilities with integrated R & D capabilities for machinery, power control, and software. During the reporting period, the cumulative R & D investment of the company was 986 million yuan, or 31.39% of the total cost of implementation.
Currently, the company has established R & D centres in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc. that can better serve global clients, attract a wide range of high-level talent, both within and outside the country, and have established a research team of more than 3,600 people, comprising more than 200 masters and PhDs. Through sustained R & D inputs, the company air
At present, the company’s vehicle parts and components produce a total of 30,000 bicycles, and there is still room for expansion of the public product line.
This is the first time that the company's research-Tope Group (601689.sh) has seized the historic opportunity of rapid growth in the robotic industry, focusing on and expanding the robotic industry chain.
The company relies on precision mechanical processing capabilities in areas such as machinery, slow-down institutions, electric machines, electrical controls, software, etc., and is now equipped with long-magnetized servers, boxless machines, etc.
The self-research capability of the electric machine has been successfully developed with the integration of spare parts such as the electric machine, the deceleration unit, the controller, etc. The robotic power drive executor and the rotation executor have been sent to the client several times during the reporting period.
The project is moving fast. Looking ahead, companies are expected to develop smart car components in synergy with robotic components, providing sufficient power to sustain the company’s development over the medium to long term.
The risks associated with the large increase in the size of our fixed assets, increased competition in the market, and failure to maintain the technological advantages of our country's automobile sales fall short of the expected risks.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.