q3 property operations are under pressure and the foreign market is up — China Central Iron (601390.sh) Dynamics Study
Huangjw@cfsc.com.cn 1st quarter, 2023 q3 with total operating income/net return profit/deduction from business, infrastructure construction/design consultancy/equipment in the 3rd quarter of 2023
Improved gross operating income of 77,2381 million q3 Māori per manufacturing/real estate development/other operations, respectively, with higher cost during the period
At the cost end, the company's sales/management/research and development/financial costs were invested, while the higher financial costs were mainly due to increased interest costs.
The growth of newly signed bills from abroad has accelerated, and the reform of State enterprises has led to an upswing. 2, China Iron (601390): cash flow, higher than expected growth, and resource operations up to high levels.
With steady growth and rich deposits providing new development performance, the outlook for overseas markets is expected to rise further as the economic and political policies of the follow-up to the third “one-way” summit continue to fall.
The January 2023 adjustment by the National Investment Commission to the main business indicators of the company, from a "win-win" to a "win-win-win" rate, will boost the firm's core competitiveness and accelerate the achievement of high-quality business development. With the change in the appraisal system, the value of the firm is expected to rise.
(1) Capital investment has increased at a slower rate than expected; (2) macroeconomic downward pressure and construction materials group presentation
I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years, and I've been working on construction materials for three years.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.