Shanghaibaosightsoftware (600845ch) The Steel Group is classified as the BP Group and the BP software is expected to benefit from it.
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
The Chinese Steel Group has been integrated into the BMW Group as a whole. According to the State Finance Committee Network of the State Council, China ' s BMW is superior to the Great City ' s unperform Steel Group Limited and China Steel Group Limited have been restructured.
Before restructuring, the Chinese Steel Group was a central enterprise managed by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
: 63 in the country and 23 outside the country. Steel group achieved a master operating income rating of ccc msciesg in mid-2010
183.1 billion dollars, ranked 354th on the world ' s 500th top bbb+ list, published in the United States magazine Wealth 2011. The Sino-Steel Group is mainly engaged in metallurgical mineral resource development and processing; the Metallurgical Plains.
Material, product trade and logistics; related engineering and technology services and equipment manufacturing. rmb67.20bn/us$9.63bn Treasure software is expected to benefit.
Industrial software industry applications solutions and service providers. Companies’ products and services span a wide range of industries: steel, transportation, medicine, color, chemicals, equipment manufacturing, and finance.
Under this, China Steel Group needs to be further reconfigured to adapt to the Soldier Group's int-state, while the Soldier Software is a subsidiary of the Soldier Group, one of whose core business is the Group's primary turn-mscicchina.
The subsidiaries provide an int service, and according to the 2021 annual report, the top five companies in the company-related transactions are horse and steel shares, treasure and steel shares, steel and steel, steel and steel and steel, all of which are industrial enterprises under the umbrella of the BMW group, so we're judging that steel is in the center of the chain.
Reorganisation of the regiment is expected to bring new business growth to Bosin software. Profit forecasting. We believe that corporate informatization benefits from intellectual upgrading in industries such as steel, while companies build large-scale plc products based on years of accumulated industry experience.
Substitution of foreign products will create new growth points for companies, while idc operates as the Volume Treasure Cloud project continues to land, will maintain stable and high growth, and we will sustain it.
(rmmmn) Jung Hongthanzheng Yang Linlingyang
Liangsong