Firmly empowering the steel "intellectual" to create a digital base -- the Treasure Software (600845.sh) -- we believe that at this point, the iron and steel information business of the Treasure Software is still in place.
On October 19, 2022, the iron and steel industry as a whole moved into a downward cycle, but the level of industry information input may be less than expected.
As the annual profits of large and medium-sized steel companies once again fall to the bottom of the stage, the same rate of increase in information-based inputs in 2020 is increasing, contrary to the previous pattern. We believe that, in a larger context, aggregate demand is falling, and the profits of steel companies are more dependent on cost control, while digitalization is the most important way to achieve sustainable efficiency gains.
Merger restructuring is a necessary and effective way to re-establish the overall order of the iron and steel industry and to rationalize the distribution of profits up and down the industry.
One of the immediate effects of merger restructuring is to release the information and upgrade the demand. We expect information from the new import and purchase of steel and steel companies in the next 2-3 years.
In 2021, BMW proposed wisdom to create 2.0, creating a "triple-cross-the-board" interface across industry, space, and people. The BMW is a treasure.
The core implementers of information and digital construction under the banner of the Wushu Group are the Xin3plat industrial networking platform, the large-scale autonomous research and development of plc, and the Bolo industrial robot raas service. The Xin3plat platform has been on two-way platforms for the Xin3plat industry for the third consecutive year since its launch, indicating the number of new steel industries.
In the period of intellectual change, the company is still in the lead of the industry. At the same time, the services of the Raas, built by the Boro Industrial Robotics Network, are expected to bring hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenues to Bo-Sin by 2026.
Monopoly patterns of foreign firms, with vast national production replacement space. idc data centre: the steel factory model's poles idc competes at the core of data centres in terms of resource acquisition, financing capacity, customer base and professional operations.
Under the former Treasure Steel Shanghai Park, Bo's Shanghai Base has a first-line urban data base with scarce land and electricity resources. Construction funds for past projects are raised through various channels, such as targeted increases, self-financing, and open-distributable debt.
Clients have specific needs and long-term service relationships, and past clients are large-scale companies with stable needs and high credibility. Finally, thanks to their own experience in the development and management of the IT-based transport system in the information industry, the Treasure News software has a life-cycle management capability for data centres from planning, building, and operating.
Treasure letter currently operates about 30,000 cabinets, which are expected to yield about $1.8 billion a year. More than 10,000 data centre cabinets are planned for construction in the near future, while 50,000 more will be added in the future by master planning figures.
Slip; data centre construction is not progressing as expected; cloud computing resource needs are falling, etc.
After more than 40 years of development, Bo-Sin has now developed a dual nuclear development pattern for the iron and steel industry, as well as for the digital infrastructure of the Internet’s data centre, idc.
Since its inception, Bo-Sin software has been at the core of the process of cataloguing the Treasure Steel. From production-centred production-control computer systems, to finance-centred metallurgical, gold-erp systems, to competitiveness-based agile manufacturing systems, to current numbers.
Thanks to the resources of the Treasures Group, the Treasures Group has been successful in building a cloud of treasures in the digital infrastructure sector since 2014 as a model for the idc steel plant. To date, the company has built the Treasure Cloud base in Shanghai, and is building it.
The core business of BoSin software can be classified by content into four main categories: informationization, automation, and information infrastructure. Of these, informationization, automation, and intelligence operations are carried out in the form of software development and engineering services, systems collections.
The information and automation operations have been upgraded around the digital transformation of the manufacturing industry, represented by the steel industry, in which the information industries have focused on the provision of industrial software or smart manufacturing solutions for production or management.
Intelligent business is an extension of companies’ digital capabilities beyond manufacturing, a focus on smart cities, and a more customized, IT-based solution for government clients in the areas of rail transport, smart parks, water conservation, etc.
The information infrastructure is the company ' s treasure collection base, which provides server hosting and network bandwidth services for telecom operators or large Internet companies in a wholesale mode and provides uninterrupted technical operation and maintenance of the data centre infrastructure.
Figure 2: The core business of Treasure Software can be classified by content into four main categories of information, automation, intelligence and information technology facilities: steel, major traffic, medicine, non-ferrous metals, b2b power suppliers, supply chain, business governance, finance, environmental protection, energy, chemicals, electricity, safe production management of enterprises, industrial parks, urban emergency management, civil aviation, agriculture
New-generation information infrastructure • in plc, data collection soft • smart traffic, smart parks,
• Industrial software products and wisdom driven by process control + digital intelligence — Treasure Cloud Internet data
Emergency security, water environmental protection ndc
And in areas where solutions can be created, for government clients, for corporate groups around groups.
“Intelligent governance” class in the area of regulation — smart equipment (“Bolo”)
• “Wise station, intelligent route, its product and saas service; for Wisdom web + intelligent carrier”
The Smart City Track 3+1 addresses "smart services" around supply chain management, multi-industry erp, etc.
Software development and systems integration + systems outsourcing + corporate equity structure is stable and is the core implementing entity for informationization and digitalization under the umbrella of the Real Master's Treasure Group.
As of 22H1, stockholders hold 49.55% of the shares in the Treasure Letter software, with relatively concentrated shares. The Treasure Letter software has long served other affiliated companies in the former Treasure Steel Group as it revolves around the intelligent manufacture of the steel industry, while the BMW Group has accelerated its acquisitions in recent years, releasing a large amount of IT upgrading needs during the restructuring process.
Letter software has a natural advantage in obtaining orders, while major business-associated transactions persist.1.2 Double-nuclear-driven Treasure software performance continues to be bright, Treasure software has continued to grow rapidly over revenue and net profits, and performance affected by the epidemic increased in the first half of the year.
In our judgement, the larger probability of the second quarter is that the company's business performance will be low, and the next half of the year's harvest will continue to grow steadily, reaching a peak of 39% in 20 years, mainly because of the rapid growth of such central business as Wisdom and idc.
Breaking down, the revenues from software development and engineering services from non-associated parties (mainly in the non-iron sector) increased by $1,354 million, contributing more than 50% of total revenue growth. This component experienced a certain contraction in 21 years, while the treasure-filled Yunidc project entered the construction transition, leading to a fall in the company’s 21-year growth rate.
In terms of net profits, the company returned to its parent company a net profit of 1.819 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 35.9 per cent in the same year, and a net profit to its parent of 1.718 billion yuan, an increase of 39 per cent in the same year. The net profit to its parent after the restructuring of the company in 19 increased by 99.8 per cent, in part because of the completion of the acquisition of the same controlled firm, Wu Han Bo-shin, during the same year.
The consolidated financial statements retroactively adjusted the net profit base for 18 years (the 18-year period of Wuhan Boshin resulted in a significant loss for the entire year due to factors such as the absorption of unacknowledged costs of the previous year). In addition, the company ' s net profit grew at a faster rate than in the same period during the 16-21 years, mainly as a result of increased profitability resulting from the improved level of the combined Māori rate.
In the first half of 2022, the company’s operations were affected by the epidemic, with restrictions on operation and delivery, and a significant decline in overall revenue and net profit growth. In particular, 22q2, the company’s single-quarter revenues and net profits were running down the same scale.
At the end of the product, software development and outsourcing of engineering services account for about 70% and 30% of the revenue, respectively. By type of transaction, the share of income from related trading parties exceeds 50%.
On the one hand, the company ' s 21-year merger of MJK (the agent of the information-based industry under the Ma Steel Group) has increased its association revenue from horse and steel from around $600 million (pre-retroactivity data) to about 980 million yuan, while on the other hand, the revenue from non-associated transactions is on track.
Figure 9: Distribution of BMW receipts by business (sub-transaction type) Corporate aggregate Māori rates and net interest rate levels remain on the upward trend, with increasing profitability. Increase by 1.76 ptt. The Māori ratio of idc-based services outsourcing has stabilized at 40% by type of business.
And the Māori rate for software development and engineering services has increased rapidly since 18. We believe that an important factor in the increase in Māori is the company's continued accumulation of industry-specific information solutions, such as steel, the increased maturity and reuse of related software products, and the evolution of business models from engineering to production.
The net interest rate for corporate homecoming, driven by an increase in the Māori rate, has steadily increased, reaching 15.5 per cent in 21 years, compared with 16 years of declining rates during the company's sales, and continued to increase research and development inputs.
15.1 per cent, an increase of 1.8 pct over 20 years. But, over a long period of time, there has been a downward trend in cost rates over recent years, especially sales and management rates, indicating a continuous increase in the overall operational effectiveness of companies. R & D rates have fluctuated, corporate R & D inputs have increased continuously, and R & D rates have increased by 1 pct to 11 per cent over 21 years.
Contract liabilities are rising and there are sufficient orders in hand. As a forward-looking indicator, as of the end of the 22nd half-year period, we have calculated the share of advance payments for corporate contracts at about 25 per cent, thus estimating that the total number of orders currently in hand is more than $10 billion, and that the profile of current client demand remains strong.
The three-fold demand-driven iron and steel information business is still viable The future development of the company, as a leader in the informationization of the steel industry, is closely related to the overall trend and direction of the steel industry. We believe that the drivers of the intellectual upgrading of the steel industry and the logic behind the factors
The steel industry is faced with a new downward cycle in which steel companies themselves reduce the endogenous demand for efficiency gains; The steel industry continues to merge, pool resources, and the BMW group integrates and buys information from new steel companies.
Figure 15: Direct factors that support the intellectual upgrading of the steel industry and the logic behind the factors 2.1 steel industry reduces endogenous demand for efficiency gains Downward demand, upstream raw material prices are high erosion profits, and the steel industry faces a new downward cycle.
During the first half of the year, the construction and manufacturing sectors experienced weak demand for steel and a downward trend in the index of new iron and steel orders, as a result of repeated epidemics, real estate regulation, reduced domestic consumption demand, etc. Steel prices also entered a fast slide, and by August 2022 the composite steel price index was almost back to its late 2020 level.
The prices of the main raw materials, iron ore, coke, etc., are still high, though they are reshuffled at higher points. Against this background, the 22h1 priority steel companies have experienced a sharp decline in net profits on a year-on-year basis, and the industry as a whole is facing a new figure 18: the prices of the main raw materials, iron ore, and coke, remain high.
Figure 19: Major and medium-sized steel companies with 22h1 having a significant decline in their net return profits, the reduction of efficiency gains becomes a necessity for steel companies, and digitization is the best way to achieve sustainable value. In the context of falling demand, prices and profit pressure.... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
But, from a long-term value perspective, we believe that digitalization and intellectualization are the best way to do so. Only digitalization can essentially enhance the core competitiveness of firms and lead to sustainable labour efficiency, planning efficiency, and tool life.
Digitalization enables the steel industry to move up the value chain. According to McKinsey, every segment of the steel whole value chain, such as procurement, material management, manufacturing, equipment maintenance, sales, customer services, etc., can integrate automated, big data, artificial intelligence, iot, etc. digital technology into more sophisticated operations, production or management.
Another report on tin shows that 1 to 3 years of refined operation and digital transformation are expected to bring steel companies a benefit of 200 to 400 tons of steel, or about 5 to 10% at a market price of 4,000 ton of steel. Iron and steel manufacturing, however, is a typical process industry that wants to achieve a full-scale process in practice.
Digital coverage requires the integration of various data standards, implementation systems, or information platforms. For steel companies, it may be easier and more effective to capture the key points, work at the point, achieve phased digital outcomes, and expand from point to face.
In the steel industry, the market may have some doubts as to whether the company will cut its expenses on it and then double-check the total profit data for large and medium-sized steel enterprises and the same acceleration data for the Treasurestone-related transactions, the former for the overall view of the steel industry and the latter for the information-building investment of the steel industry.
In this context, steel companies have slowed down the pace of investment in information-based construction, and so, in some cases, they have slowed down the pace of investment in information-based construction.
But, when the profits of steel companies in large and medium-sized enterprises fell again to the bottom of the stage in 19 years, 20 years of information-based investment remained high at historical levels, despite falling profits.
In addition, we assume that companies may have different perceptions and histories of informatization, and that initial information inputs have gradually become effective in production and management, prompting them to continue to optimize their costs through information technology.
For 22 years, based on the first half of steel companies' operations and the 2.1 per cent rate of growth in the 22h1 Treasure Letter-associated transactions, we expect a greater probability of the industry's total profits and information-generation inputs being synchronized with a fall in profits from the previous year, when annual information-based inputs fell significantly at the same rate as the increase.
One of the direct causes of the 22-year decline in the rate of information-related investment is the disruption of implementation under the influence of epidemic containment, resulting in the delayed release of some of the information-related needs (based on data disclosed by the Treasure News software in the Daily Associated Transactions Bulletin, 2022, at that time it was expected that the associated revenue would reach $9.1 billion for the entire 22-year period, compared to 21-year-old).
On the other hand, in the larger context of falling aggregate demand, the profits of steel companies are more dependent on cost control, and steel companies have greater determination and motivation to accelerate the informationization, digital upgrading and reduction of efficiency gains.
Merger restructuring remains the current trend in the iron and steel industry. Over the years, the concentration of the iron and steel industry (by crude steel production) peaked in 2011 at 49.2% cr10, thanks mainly to the State Council ' s 2005 Iron and Steel Industry Development Policy, which supports steel.
However, after 2011, the steel industry experienced a decline in the climate and an imbalance in supply and demand. Throughout the “12th Five-Year” period, the merger reorganised into a low tide period, the steel industry showed a reverse concentration, and the industry had a sharp decline in the 10th.
By 2021, the iron and steel industry had reached 41.5 per cent, compared with 34.1 per cent in the low valley of 2016, and it was clear that the concentration of steel in the world remained low compared to countries such as Japan, South Korea and the United States.
There is enough room for upwards. We believe that the current trend towards continued merger restructuring, increasing industrial concentration, will not change. Merger restructuring is both a structural reform on the side of steel supply, a dual control of production capacity, and a re-engineering of the overall competitive order in the steel industry and a rational optimization of the distribution of profits up and down the industry.
The future industry cr10 is expected to continue to climb to or more than 50%. Figure 24: China ' s top 10 steel companies accounted for 41.5% of total steel production in 2021. Figure 25: The concentration of our steel sector worldwide remains low.
In December 2016, BMW formed the China BMW Steel Group Limited. Since then, BMW has bought horses and steel, Chongqing steel, Shanxi steel, Kun steel, and so on. Overall crude steel production in 2021 amounted to nearly 120 million tons, 1.8 times as much as when the BMW was founded.
The BMW Group is the central force of the entire Chinese steel industry. Moreover, BMW proposes to try to reach 200 million tons of rough steel in 2025, a goal that could be foreseen, and the BMW will continue to promote joint restructuring.
In the same way, the steel also initiates an information-upgrading and upgrading project to sign an intelligent manufacturing project with the Treasure Software.
Figure 27: Five-year action programme for the creation of intelligence after Chongqing steel has been incorporated into the BMW. Figure 28: Informational Upgradation following the merger of the Tai Gang into the BMW Group.
The data show that 22H1 BMW from Kun Gang has generated $315 million in connection trading revenue, after horse steel, indicating that the BMW has been deeply involved in the development and implementation of Kun Gang's intelligent systems. At the same time, the company's revenues from Chongqing Iron, Tai Gang, are increasing rapidly.
Also, the company completes the acquisition of Faiphiko, and is expected to re-innovate its income from horse steel and horse steel. We simply use horse steel as a reference, consider steel, Qun steel, and Chongqing steel as the size of their gross steel production, and expect the input for conversion.
And it's going to reach the size of the horse steel. And it's going to be estimated that Bo-Sin will earn $2 billion to $3 billion per year in the next two to three years from horse steel, toother, Quan, and Chong Qing steel related transactions.
2.3.1 Basis for the intellectual transformation of the BMW: the Xin3plat industrial Internet platform The pace of implementation of the BMW software in the field of the industrial Internet is largely synchronized with national policy. * In 2015, the State Council issued China Manufacturing 2025, establishing our first decade of manufacturing a powerful nation.
During the same year, Bo-Sin created the Industry 4.0 Project Department, which began research on cutting-edge technologies such as big data, marginal services and industrial apps, and opened up the industrial Internet layout.
In December 2020, the three-year start-up phase of the construction of the country’s industrial Internet, planned by the Ministry of Industry and Communications, was nearing its end. As a leading steel information company, the company officially launched the Xin3plat industrial Internet platform, based on an industrial Internet architecture for large steel groups, promoting industrial upgrading and business model innovation across the industry.
For the third year in a row, the xin3plat industrial Internet platform has been selected as a two-way platform of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, occupying the first echelon of the Chinese industrial Internet platform, indicating that companies are still in a position of industry leadership during the period of intellectual change in the new steel industry.
Figure 30: The pace of implementation in the industrial Internet area of Bo-Sin is synchronized with the state policy end November 2017, the State Council issued “On Deepening the Internet + Advanced System” May 2015, and the State Council issued “China Manufacturing”
Guidance for the development of the Internet, which became part of our campaign, 2025, as part of the framework for the implementation of our strategy for the creation of the Internet by the powerful.
In September 2020, the Industry Internet Task Force issued the Action Plan for the First Decade of Industrial Internet Innovation.
Information integration with deeper industrialization, promotion of industrial Internet innovation strategies, promotion of industrialization, wider informationization, more process intelligence, deepening of the Internet in the field of manufacturing
In May 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Communications developed the Action Plan for Industrial Internet Development The application of deeper and higher levels of integration development became one of the strategic tasks and priorities
018 - 2020, identifying three years of initial construction of industrial Internet-based facilities and industrial systems, and fostering an independent enterprise-level platform ninplat
In December 2020, Bo-Sin software was officially launched, and in 2015, Bo-Sin created the Industry 4.0 Project Department.
A full-scale intellectual change in the number of iron and steels, starting with a study of the former 1+millionapp and industrial models associated with the intelligent manufacture of the steel industry.
National workers selected for three consecutive years in 2020, 2021 and 2022 for industrial Internet xin3plat Internet platforms along technology and development trends
The Ministry of Information's “Inter-Sectoral Cross-Cutting Industry Internet Platform” Xin3plat platform, the right-and-right pelat platform and the iplat platform, is an intellectual transition in the number of joint and coded enterprises. The pelat is an industrial eco-platform that focuses on cross-cutting integration between business, enterprise, industry, and so on.
The iplat platform focuses on information-sharing, circulation, warehousing and distribution of industrial goods up and down.
Industrial intelligence creates a series of top-level applications of intellectual manufacturing, such as fine-tuning process control or wiring management, optimization of production processes leading to process quality enhancement and cost control.
The business model of Treasurexin3plat is still in the exploration and enrichment phase, and is based mainly on the platform for custom resolution. Based on information disclosed by companies in the investor interface platform, Xin3plat is currently used mainly to integrate with other businesses to meet more business scenarios or debrisification needs, such as the company's development based on xln3plat
At the same time, Bosin3plat is exploring a data-based advisory subscription service or an industrial saas subscription service. Furthermore, we believe that industrial Internet platforms offer a core competitive advantage over Treasure.
From a camp perspective, the immediate benefits in the short term also include support for Māori uplifting. Industrial Internet has an advantage in data generation, transmission, and sharing over traditional IT architecture, while building on cloud-side plus edge architecture and easy development tools, open api can effectively enhance project development efficiency and thereby reduce project delivery.
The "Bolo" industrial robot went online to connect to the Internet platform of the industry, the "Bolo" program of the "Bolos" program of the "Bolos" model, which is a short term for the "Biobot" of the Bolo industrial robot.
The strategy will focus on replacing jobs in iron and steel production that are difficult, labour-intensive, or dangerous. Under the plan, Bolo will be deployed in 22-26 years, thereby achieving the overall goal of increasing the number of Bolo every two years, with over 10,000 Polo employees in 2026.
According to the "Bolo" service agreement with the Treasure, which was disclosed by the horse and steel, the "Bolo" will be based on the service model raas (robot asaservice). We believe that the Bono software will play the central role of the "machine integrator." First, based on the information disclosed by the company in the investor interface platform, the Bolo robot.
The body will use the leading international supplier. We believe that the Bo-Sin will be deeply involved in the development of the Bolo robot, both in researching and combing the applications of all the industrial robots in all the typical processes, and in developing a set of standard systems through industry know-how, such as the working parameters of robots, their operational state.
After that, all Bolo robots will go up to the clouds and go to the industrial Internet platform of the Treasure. Substream steel company customers will be introduced by subscription, depending on the needs of the application, while Bono will be responsible for state tracking, operation maintenance and upgrading during Paul's work.
Real-time monitoring and standardization of industrial robots can be achieved without building their own management platform systems, as compared to traditional industrial robot applications. A business model based on raas takes into account the efficiency of robots and the possible cost and loss of robots.
Low, we assume that the very essence of a large autonomous plc plc (programmable logic controller) is a microcomputer, which is at the heart of an industrial control system, based on a subscription of 5-100,000/year/stage (cf. the annual human cost of a worker in a special position).
is based on preset feedback for input information (which can be simple switch buttons, or form or environmental information received by various sensors), built-in cpu processing, control output units (which may mean lights on or off, valves on or off, motor movements, etc.) and feedback on specific input requirements
Defines that the computer is programmed in advance by the engineer and the program is written into the plc controller. Based on the number of nodes entering the output module i/o, the size of the control of the plc is reflected and the plc is divided into large, figure 33: the plc is microcomputer in essence.
The domestic market for large and medium-sized plc is dominated by overseas enterprises, and Siemens accounts for nearly half of the market share. According to statistics from the China-China Industrial Research Institute, the total market size of the country plc reached about $13 billion in 2020, of which the size of large and medium-sized and small plc is half.
Small-scale plc R & D technology thresholds are relatively low, mainly in the Oem market (e.g. textile machinery, machine tools, electronic manufacturing equipment, elevators, etc.). Local brands, represented by Istje and Sichuan, account for a certain share of product customization, production, service response, etc., but remain relatively small overall.
High-end large and medium-sized plcs are mainly oriented towards project-oriented markets (metallurgical, chemical, electricity, municipal, automobile, etc.). Overseas brands are almost monopolistic in this area, with Siemens, Mitsubishi, Omron, Rockwell and Keith accounting for more than 85% of the market share, with the Siemens in almost half of the market.
We believe that the creation of long-term stable product power and user habits is the largest moat of the Siemens plc. The primary consideration in industrial production is stability and reliability, and stability takes time to test and account for the industry for the regulatory system.
And that's why, once an industry adapts to a particular manufacturer's plc product, the firm does not take the risk of trying new plc products when it comes to new production lines. In addition, Siemens moves its own product into a class of higher learning through the field of layout, while publishing books of various kinds, developing user habits from the student stage and creating a certain use.
And once the ecosystem is strong, barriers are created. It breaks down from the area of metallurgy. The greatest advantage in the field of plc is still the support of the plc, which has sufficient resources for the steel industry to practice, validate and optimize the plc products.
With respect to the perception of the steel industry and the performance parameters of the Bosunplc product, we believe that the Bosin software has been able to break down successfully in the area of metallurgical plc and to take the lead in breaking the market by locking the neck. Of course, from a long-term perspective, the future Bosunplc has expanded horizontally to a variety of fields, such as chemicals, municipalities, transhipments, etc.
The only thing that needs to be appropriate to the industry of the prototype nc is that it may need to be made of its own ecology, which may be a 3.
Access to resources: A unique advantage of the land. The Treasure Cloud Shanghai base is located in the Bo Mountain area, where it is located in the middle of the tile, with a plot of land of about 2.82 square kilometres, which in itself is suitable for the construction of a large area of the idc machine house, while the cost of the land is lower (the Treasure is granted land lease), together with sufficient industrial power resources to provide stability and reliability.
The company, after successfully building the Shanghai Treasure cloud base, further exported the steel factory's idc model, and in September 20, it set up a project on the Bo Yunmei Mountain base to build the Bo Yunmei Mountain base in the company's plant area (two cold-rolled plots) and expand the idc layout.
Financial capacity: Multi-channel financing of the Treasure Cloud project. The past Treasure Clouds projects complete the collection of project funds in different ways, including targeted increases, self-financing, and publicly available loans.
The customer base: Long-term orders for high-quality clients. The business model of the Treasure Cloud data centre is to meet the specific requirements of clients through customized machine rooms and establish long-term service relationships.
The stability of the customers has ensured a high occupancy rate at the Treasure Cloud data centre (the Shanghai data centre, according to the company, has delivered an average of more than 90% of the cabinets).
At the same time, based on considerations of hardware construction and consistency of services, the partnership established between the Treasure and clients has a high replacement cost and sets a competitive threshold.
Life cycle management. The Mason Industrial Design Institute, a wholly-owned subsidiary under the umbrella of the BoSin software, is deeply involved in the planning, design and construction of the Bosun Clouds project. In the area of shipping, the Bosin, as a participant in the information industry, has a rich experience in the development and management of the IT-vitage system, which covers a variety of dimensions, such as informatization, automation, electromechanic integration, etc.
3.2idc Operations: Boshin's engine is growing steadily over the next three years. There are currently about 30,000 operating cabinets, which are expected to generate revenues of around $1.8 billion. Business income from outsourcing of data centre operations services has risen rapidly since the launch of the Treasure Cloud I project in 2014, although with the increase in the total number of cabinets
By the end of 2021, the Bo Treasures I to IV project had built about 27,500 cabinets, adding 3,000 cabinets built in late 21 in the form of the Smart Industries Park under the flag of Machiko, and the company now owns about 30,000 cabinets.
Prices, taking into account 90% of the combined usage, we calculate that the current Treasure Clouds project will generate $1.8 billion a year, and that there are more than 10,000 data centre cabinets planned for the near future. According to public information, considering the progress of the project, we conservatively expect that the number of data centre cabinets planned for the near future will be more than 10,000, compared to the total planned.
In addition, Treasure software has been gradually extended from Shanghai to the Long Triangle and nation-wide layout of the data centre, in particular the North Base of Treasure Clouds, which is co-financed with steel, and which is part of the country's core computing hub, one of the 10 largest data centres cluster.
Construction site, Bosinidc project, 2.500 cabinets, phase 3.
It is expected to grow steadily over the next three years. The company’s multiple data centre construction projects are expected to be gradually completed, and the number of containers on board will continue to rise. Assuming that the 22-year-old Treasure Cloud 5-part hangar and smart industry will be ready to go into operation, the 23-year Treasure Cloud 5 will climb further, with the addition of Chief Mark's triangulation.
The data centre will be operational in phase 1 for 24 years, considering the full implementation of phase 5 of the Treasure Clouds and phase 1 of the Bay Treasure Clouds Base, and releasing capacity. At the same time, we assume that the occupancy rate for phase 1-4 of the Treasure Clouds will remain at 90%, while the new one will be used at 60% in the first year and 90% in the second year. On this basis, we expect company idc to reach 90% in the second year.
The first group consists of eight enterprises, namely, martial steel, arcium, steel and its subordinates, iron and steel, iron and steel, iron and steel, iron and steel, steel and steel. In the past, Treasure has continued to provide information services to these enterprises, and their manufacturing has been completed.
So we judge that the informationization of these enterprises is going to go into a relatively stable growth zone. 19 20, 21 related transactions (which amount to 957 million yuan, based on eight companies (e.g., the HQ is located in Shanghai and some of the operations cannot be carried out)
We believe that the recovery performance from such business-associated transactions in the second half of the year will be restored, assuming that it will be on a scale close to 21 years. And 23 years, as discussed in the preceding section, with the decline in the industry's climate, the rate of informatization of steel companies is expected to decline somewhat, but still overall.
The second category consists of new steel companies, such as horse steel, Quint steel, Chongqing steel, and Taiqing steel, which are incorporated into the BMW group. We believe that the total value of these related transactions in the first half of the year was 961 million yuan, an increase of 148.7 per cent over the second half of the year.
According to data for 18-21 years, the first two major steel companies account for 66% to 74% of the associated transactions each year. Thus, we assume that the first two related transactions accounted for about 70% of the total associated transactions in 22-24 years.
Based on the above analysis, we map our operations into different product patterns. For related transactions, according to the public domain, the company has not won a similar large contract for 21 years.
The transaction content of major related transactions disclosed in the annual report of the Division is approximately 79.8 per cent of software development in 20 years and 82.6 per cent in 21 years, so we assume that 82 per cent of all associated transactions are software development and engineering services, while the remaining proportion is outsourcing services and system integration.
On the basis of the relevant assumptions, combined operations, we expect the business income for 2022-2024 to be based on separate areas of competition between idc and iron and steel information, respectively, and different business models, so we use the divisional valuation method for the valuation of SIS.
4.2.1idc Operations Recapitulation of Treasure Letter Software (ROSS) service outsourcing, which has been in operation since the first edition of Treasure Cloud in 2014, has raised the combined Māori rate from its original level to an average of 37.6 per cent for the years 06-13, compared with 14-13.
In addition, we have a rough estimate of the Māori rate for the Bosinoc operation in conjunction with the revenue from the first four single-air cabinets of the Treasure Clouds and the main operating costs (depreciation amortization costs of the data centre, utilities costs, maintenance and labour costs). The results show that the Māori rate for the Treasure Cloud periods is around 48%.
We believe that the marginal impact of the new data centres in the future on the overall Māori ratio of the idc operation will be gradually decreasing. Therefore, we have temporarily applied a 48% Māori level to the profitability of the idc operation at 9.6%, and the long-term cost to be amortized is amortized according to the duration of the data centre contract:
2. Assuming that Treasure Cloud I and Phase II will cover approximately 10,000 square metres, and that the leased plant area in Phases III and IV will be 37.574 square metres and 38.600 square metres, respectively, based on the Treasurestone software announcement, with an average rent of 0.75 yuan per square metre per day, taking into account project data for Phase III;3 and that the operating utility factor is assumed to be 0.7 per cent for Pue in Treasure Clouds data centres, based on 1.4 or 1.3 considerations;
4. The industrial unit price is taken into account for the average commercial and commercial electricity consumption (including the cost of capacity power) at the price of the remaining two hours of electricity in the National Online Sea City Power Company ' s proxy electricity user price table (October 2022);5
Management and R & D) is 10.1%, considering the size effects of the data centres, and we estimate the annual rate of the TreasureAidc operation at a rough 8%. At the same time, we estimate the net profit of the Treasure Edc operation by reference to the average of the real income tax rates for the last three years, while the rest of the total net profit is contributed by the non-idc operation.
We've selected a-market-listed companies such as Halonet, Ophelia data, data ports as comparable companies. For the ability to value 40-fold Pe, the market value of the company's idc business corresponds to a target of 2022 that we've selected a-market production-control industrial software or other industry-information-based technologies for listed companies.
The value of the company's non-idc business against the 2022 target is approximately $66,777 million, taking into account the company's absolute leading position in the field of iron and steel informatization.
In summary, a purchase rating is given for the continued growth of the Treasure Software steel information business and for the continued robust coverage of the data centre operation. By reference to the dynamic market rate changes over the past five years, the previous valuation level is located at the relative bottom, with a certain margin of security.
Figure 43: The current valuation level of the Treasure Software is at a low level for almost five years, and the recurrent epidemic has had a short-term negative impact on the company ' s operations; the steel industry continues to experience a decline in its climate; data centres are not building as fast as expected; and cloud computing resource demands have declined.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis