M.M.I.D. (300760.sz) Medicines. Performance is expected to continue with high growth in the second half of the year.
Events: Company announcement, semi-annual report, 2021, which achieved business income of $12,778 million in the first half of the year, with a balanced development of the three major business portfolios and a positive development that is expected to be sustained throughout the year.
In the first half of the year, the company was strengthening equipment such as the high-end classified blood cells + crp+saa analyser, the high-speed biochemical analyser, the high-speed chemical luminous analyser.
In addition, the company plans to hold full holdings of Hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries in the first six months of the year, which will result in a rapid upgrading of the company ' s autonomous R&D and cost-control capabilities for raw materials and a preponderant position in potential future collections.
Medical video business revenues of 2,671 million yuan, an increase of 26.87% over the previous year, were due mainly to the gradual return to normality of ultrasound purchases that had previously been affected by the epidemic, resulting in a rising proportion of corporate ultrasound products in high-end medical institutions, such as level II and III hospitals. Foreign markets have been able to carry their own superproducts and i-related intelligence through the mx and me series of high-ends.
Diagnosis tools, installation of top-level hospital clients in Europe, CIS, Latin America, etc., small equipment, good sales because of the new crown’s diagnostic needs.
More than 30 countries in Europe, Asia, Africa, and Latin America have 43 offshore subsidiaries whose products are sold to more than 190 countries and regions; and long-term collaboration with high-end medical institutions in the EU regulatory markets, such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France.
Of these, 22 countries have accepted client service announcements, and more than 100 site-based immediate service sites provide on-site services and technical support to clients. Corporate products are recognized by mainstream national health institutions and are bringing international recognition to companies
2 continues to grow at a high rate and is expected to remain so in the second half of the year. On a quarterly basis, the company’s q2 crop and net profit are different.
Murray Health Care: Performance is as expected, disease control is good within the epidemic demand, conventional operations are well under way; outbreaks are repeated in the United States and Europe, and demand for disease-related products, such as respirators, monitors, injection pumps, etc., remains high: companies q3 are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Murray Health Care: Three major business lines continue to grow, leading by new opportunities, and corporate profitability is improving. The company ' s overall Māori rate was 65.57% in the first half of the year, a slight decrease of 0.39 ptt in the same year; the Māori rate for vital information and support products was 67.25%, a decline of 2.33 pt in the same year; and the in vitro diagnosis.
Murray Medicals: Performance meets expectations and three major operations continue to grow
The rate is 34.01%, an increase of 1.32 pct over the same year, with a sustained increase in profitability. The dollar, an increase of 16.02% over the same year. The company has set up eight major research and development areas in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, etc. 1) life information and support, with the company's first half-year launch of the IA Neonatal Unit version, benefusion
e Series of infusion pumps (evp/essp/eds), benefusionn/e infusion pump closed consumables, high-end anaesthesia machines a8/a9, sv300pro respirators, hypixelr 14k ultra-high fluorescent end-of-the-speech video camera systems, hard mirror instruments (150 mm long and simple punctures). 2) In the area of imagery, Poc was launched in the first half of the year.
In the area of ivd, three-dimensional fluorescent, full automatic end blood, high-speed crp and saa detector bc-7500cs blood cell analyser series and biochemical and luminous reagents were launched in the first half of the year.
At the same time, companies are actively investing in new business layouts and are expected to gradually contribute to new growth points in the areas of veterinary equipment, microshapes, orthopaedics, molecular diagnostics, etc.
The Department is now technically able to make technological breakthroughs with foreign cutting edges, high-end chemical luminous, automated waterlines, high-end specialist colours, etc.