Merri Medical Review, 25/08/2021. Performance meets expectations, long-term vision of new medical infrastructure and overseas expansion.
After the epidemic’s high demand, performance continued to be impressive, with three major operations growing steadily, new medical infrastructure steadily advancing, and non-epidemic products recovered significantly, driving steady performance growth.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): growth, with the main increase in the contribution of ivd operations and video operations: life information and support operations (47 per cent): $6,021 billion to be collected as a response to last year's epidemic
For the largest scale, a steady growth of 12.68 per cent was achieved on a high growth basis, mainly as a result of rising demand for new infrastructure-driven respirators, monitors, etc., as well as a significant rebound in the sale of non-communicable products such as aed, micro-inventive surgery; the Māori rate was 67.25 per cent (-2.33 ptt).
In vitro diagnostic operations (31 per cent): revenues of RMB 3,962 million (+30.76 per cent), mainly due to a significant recovery in sales of conventional test agents; a Māori rate of 62.20 per cent (+4.74 pct). The acquisition of a well-known exempt raw material supplier, Hytest, is expected to significantly enhance the capacity-building of companies in research and development of core raw materials.
Medical video operations (21 per cent): 2,671 million yuan (+26.87 per cent) has been realized, mainly due to the trend in the past year of ultrasound purchases affected by the epidemic, which followed the resumption of domestic and foreign diagnostic activities; the Māori rate is 66.83 per cent (2.04pt).
In addition, in order to meet the growing demand for information-based construction, the company has accelerated the expansion of the application of the “Swiss Shadows++” Imaging Clouds service platform and the “Mary Inspector” event point of the National Dollar Securities Corporation Research-Mary Medical (300.760.sz) programme.
Research and development and internationalization of ivd raw materials. Cost controls are good, and research and development inputs continue to increase actively to foster growth paths.
Corporate costs are well controlled, with a sales cost of 14.67% (-3.45pt) and a management cost of 4.62%. R & D costs are 8.3% and remain relatively stable, with 4k fluorescent lenses released in the first half of the year.
High-end products such as systems, super-high-end anesthesia a9 will continue to focus in the future on the development of micro-surgery, animal newspapers and the first quarter of 2021: performance against expectations, new infrastructure for medical care, aed, etc., with potential for growth, with a combination of internal and external R & D
The new global medical infrastructure has accelerated the opening of new opportunities, and branding has accelerated its expansion, both within and outside the country.
With its superior product performance, brand influence and channel advantage, the company accelerated its breakthrough in overseas public markets and high-end client groups during the epidemic, with more than 700 countries and more than 300 households in 2020, reducing the time spent on brand promotion and facilitating the continued penetration of subsequent products.
In a new wave of medical infrastructure around the world, the penetration of medical short-board products such as company respirators, monitors, etc., is expected to increase, and the expansion of overseas markets is expected to enter the fast track, laying a good foundation for the future globalization strategy of companies, with more than 70 per cent of overseas income reaching the target.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.