The Medical Health Research Centre over-expected performance for the first half of the year, and stock buybacks highlighted confidence in growth.
billion yuan (+21 per cent) compared to 2019 (+56 per cent); 4.344 billion yuan (+26 per cent) in net return to mothers, compared to 6,997 million yuan (+20 per cent) in operating income of 2,02iq2 compared to 2019 (+63 per cent); and 1.
Six-month-old performance exceeded expectations and regular operations recovered rapidly. During the first half of the year, life information and support operations received $6,021 million (+13%), new capital-driven growth in medical care, including expansion of public hospitals, aed and microsurgery recovered significantly; in vitro diagnostic operations received $3,962 million (+31%) and domestic and foreign reagent consumption was high
Growth, resulting in an increase of 4.7 pct in the Māori rate; 2,671 million yuan (+27 per cent) in medical video operations; gradual recovery of medical consultations in the interior and in some parts of the country; and a general trend in the procurement of diagnostic and video equipment, 3. q3 slightly overexpected, branding growth
High-end clients, both in and out of the country, continue to break, and emerging markets have achieved nearly 300 completely new high-end breakthroughs. Space-Mary Medical Three Quarterly Review, 2020.10.29 4. ivd Restoration of Normal Growth, Life Information Wire
Medical infrastructure opens up the space for growth, medical products and the overall solutions of the integrator are contributing to the construction of health care, with a high growth rate – a review by the Murray Medical Corporation, which has been upgraded. The country’s infrastructure is dominated by the expansion of public hospitals, and the country’s production replacement process is expected to accelerate, and Murray is expected to accelerate.
It is expected that high growth will continue as the country’s production poles. The SRIIT solution will achieve information-sharing; Swe 5. Lifelines are over-expected, performance growth is high.
On the same day, the company announced its intention to buy back the company’s shares with its own funds of $1 billion.
For employee incentives, with a cap price of $400 per share, the expected repurchase of 2.5 million shares, accounting for about 0.21% of the current equity of the Department, is expected to further motivate the workforce and ensure long-term development. Considering the strong advantages of the three corporate lines of business, the size of the domestic market, and the future path of internationalization,
Clear, without taking into account the profit balance sheet of the M & As, without taking into account the cost of repurchase of shares, we expect companies to be exposed to volume procurement risks, exchange rate and tariff risks, overseas expansion risks, new product R & D risks, dealer management risks, M & As less than anticipated risks, international trade friction risks, etc.
Performance growth is higher than expected, with the return of regular operations fast  12.778 billion yuan (+21 per cent) of corporate operating income achieved in the first half of the year, compared to 2019 (+56 per cent) and the return of 100 million yuan (+24 per cent) compared to 2019 (+96 per cent) and a higher ring increase in the operations that are imaged by the epidemic
At the regional level, the domestic market rose by around 37 per cent from the previous 37 per cent, after deducting anti-epidemic products. Life information and support operations benefited from medical infrastructure pulls, and, in the context of the high base during the same period last year, there was still double-digit growth, the opening up of multiple high-end client groups and the replacement of national production.
In a contemporary context, a steady and sustained growth in the operations of the guardianship system, anesthetic machines, lightbeds, respirators and pump pumps is expected; in addition, aed, micro-inventive surgical operations have recovered significantly and are in a rapid upscaling phase, underpinned by long-term development.
The in vitro diagnostics operation is quickly restored, with 2.3 pct upscaling. Single machines and cascade instruments are enhanced, high-end fluorescent five-class blood cell +crp+saaa analyser, high-speed biochemical spectrometer, high-speed chemical luminal immune analyser continue to break through the client community and are expected to be achieved in the future.
The purchase of 100% of the shares of hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries provides the basis for the forward development of the business.
The recovery of small and medium-sized image centres overseas has led to an increase in medium- and low-end ultrasound demand. Chart 2: Corporate revenue splits (millions of dollars) at business level.
The company’s net interest rate has increased by 1.3 pct over the same year, with a steady increase in profitability.
• High-end customers abroad continue to grow. In the first half of the year, the company broke out over 300 new high-end customers in emerging market countries, and in addition, nearly 300 high-end customers have made more product cuts; about 100 new high-end customers (including high-end laboratories) have been broken in Europe; and there is a break-in in North America.
In the post-epidemiology era, medical infrastructure opened up the space for growth, and the country’s new medical infrastructure project became a major public health service.
The expansion of the complex is dominated by the demand for equipment and equipment, mostly in large, university-wide projects. The company’s brand is well-known, its product structure is diverse, its quality and service levels are too hard, it has a stronger competitive advantage, and it is expected to seize the opportunity quickly in the context of national substitution.
Corporate cost rates have been steadily optimized, with consistent high R & D inputs converted into heavy-volume products  corporate sales cost rates falling by 3.4 pct to 14.7 per cent compared to the previous year, management and financial cost rates having been relatively stable and business indicators healthy.
R & D cost 9.1 per cent in the first half of the year, with an investment of $1,165 million, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year, more new products in the first half of the year on the market, micro-surgery introducing hypixel 4k fluorescence lenses, super-high-end anesthesia a9, benefusione, bc-7500cs blood cell analyser,
Poc high-end flat-plate super-te9 and cal-7000 blood cell analysis waterlines, and completion of product lines, the abundance of product levels is expected to continue to rise in the future. Repurchase shares show confidence, and staff motivation is expected to be fully mobilized.
▪ The company issued a public announcement on 25 August 2021 proposing to repurchase the company with its own funds of RMB 1 billion, an incentive scheme or an employee holding scheme; the repurchase funds will be paid on an optional basis during the buyback period, one of which, in our view, underscores the company's confidence in future development and further refines the company's long-term effectiveness.
Incentives are expected to further motivate the workforce, add momentum to the company’s rapid growth phase, and guarantee the company’s sustained and rapid growth over the long term. It is expected that the programme will contribute to the upgrading of the informatization of hospitals and steady progress in the construction of projects.
Increased digitalization of medical equipment products and the overall solutions for it. The Mirrei IUIT program, the Swig ++ Imaging Clouds service platform, and the "Mary Quest" lab II program are expected to help build an intelligent hospital in the course of medical and therapeutic development, promote the upgrading of the digitization of the hospital and the inter-hospital, and collaborate with the end of the product.
The project to upgrade the Shenzhen Production Base and the marketing services system is nearing its end. The Shenzhen Mai Ri Animal Medical Corporation is now halfway through, and the Wuhan Institute's budget is 1.77 billion dollars.
Initiation, multiple projects in the future will be supported by a combination of competitive strengths and development dynamics of the company. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average investment in the market.