The medical health research centre, Hytest, completed the handover, opened the high-quality upper arcade river, and announced on 23 September that it had completed an interview with Hytestinvestoy and his subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as " Hytestinvestoy " ).
“hytest” is a 100% acquisition. The transaction price is 532 million euros, and, after the cut-off, the Murray Netherlands has directly or indirectly held 100% of Hytest and its subsidiaries.
The world’s leading biomaterial supplier is expected to contribute to a re-improvement of chemical light quality. Hytest, a global top-notch supplier of raw materials, has a deep field of raw material design, research and development innovation, and production.
Accumulation. More than 1,000 high-quality vd raw materials are produced each year, and their products are packaged.
One of the factors is that the acquisition of high-end chemically luminous raw materials in the country has enhanced self-production capacity, and it is expected that companies will continue to increase their self-production rates in the future, that product quality is expected to be optimized and that the penetration rate of public and private products is expected to increase in the context of national production substitution.
In the post-epidemiology era, Murray opened up his growth both inside and outside the country, securing the product supply chain and widening the corporate moat.
The overall strength of corporate vd operations is expected to increase in the field of top in vitro diagnosis. In the long run, product supply chain security is guaranteed, contributing to firm stability.
Resources support product optimization innovation in all its aspects, and strong alliances are expected to increase performance. Hytest and the company are strong.
Strong alliances, on the one hand, companies will provide comprehensive hytest resource support, and research and development inputs will be continuously added, new antigen antibody markers will be developed, and core competitive advantages will be strengthened and enhanced to maintain global leadership in the ivd upstream raw materials industry; on the other hand, hytest is corporate ivd's business weight.
For one of the suppliers of raw materials, the acquisition is expected to reduce the cost of high-end luminous raw material products, increase corporate profits, and guarantee long-term sustainable development. We keep an eye on corporate ivd operations, and we expect to maintain rapid growth in the future, with no consideration given to mergers and acquisitions.
In addition, we expect the company to realize a net return profit of $8.305 billion in 21-23 years, the risk of impairment of goodwill, the risk of merger management, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment