Medical care and health-care equipment and services (300,760)
The net cash flow was 3,523 million yuan, a decrease of 16.30 per cent in the same year; the contractual liability was 2,288 million yuan, of which the company achieved operating income of 6,997 million yuan in the second quarter of 2021, an increase of 23.68 per cent in the same year.
On the same day, the company issued an announcement on its repurchase of the company's shareholding programme, whereby the company intended to use its own funds in the amount of 1 billion yuan to buy back some of the company's social and public shares at a price not exceeding 400 yuan/equity.
Senior managers, controlling shareholders, actual controllers, shareholders with more than 5 per cent of shares and their consistent agents have no plans to reduce their shareholdings for the next six months.
Medical Care Murray (300,760) "Mary Medical Post Review" Résumé of routine diagnostic activities.
In addition to the impact of disease-related productions such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, exchange rate fluctuations, and product structure. As the most demanding business leader during the epidemic last year,
Review: 21q1 non-net profit growth is high and has maintained steady growth in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the country ' s 35 per cent rise in global visibility as a follow-up development
Hospital expansion has led to the gradual implementation of a new medical infrastructure; in addition, last year ' s epidemic containment road -- 2021/04/29 -- has seen a gradual recovery of non-epidemic products, of which both the aed and microsurgery seed operations are significant
Recovery. (2) In vitro diagnosis: $3.962 billion in sales earnings achieved in the first half of the year, compared with growth in the previous three quarters of the year: slightly higher performance by 46 per cent, 30.76 per cent, more than 40 per cent after the deduction of new chemical luminous test agents; Māori ratio compared to Piti
Increased. Thanks to a significant recovery in the dose of routine tests in the domestic and some international areas, the in vitro diagnostics operation has seen a high recovery rate in the first half of the year. At the same time, the company has enhanced the layout of single machines and cascades, high-end fluorescent five-class blood cells +crp+saaa analyser, high-speed biochemistry.
Analyzers, high-speed chemical luminous immune analysers continue to achieve client group breakthroughs. (3) Medical images: sales revenue of 2,671 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 26.87 per cent in the same year and an increase of more than 30 per cent after deducting anti-epidemic products from dr; a decline of 2.04 pct to 66.83 per cent in the same year, predominantly
With the recovery of regular medical consultations at home and in some parts of the international community, ultrasound procurement, which has been contained by the epidemic, has tended to be regularized over the past year, leading to a high recovery in medical video operations in the first half of the year. In the domestic market, the hospital has accelerated its high-end breakthroughs, two, three.
Level-III hospitals account for an annual rise in the country’s ultrasound revenues; in the international market, high-end client installation, completed last year, will accelerate a full-scale breakthrough in desktop ultrasound, with the recovery of small and medium-sized video centres driving the demand for ultrasound at the lower and medium ends.
By region: (1) domestic operations: the revival of conventional operations and the development of a new foundation for medical care, bringing about a six-monthly increase in sales revenue of $7.615 billion in the domestic market, a year-on-year increase in sales income of $5.163 billion, a year-on-year increase of 2.99 per cent, after deducting anti-epidemic products.
Longer than 20 per cent, with a positive recovery trend in regular operations, mainly due to the transfer of part of the freight costs from the former “sale cost” to the “business cost” subject, ranging from 3.46 pct to 14.67 per cent, mainly due to the effective control of operating costs during the epidemic.
Changes in the subject classification of freight costs; increase in management costs from 0.13 pct to 4.62 per cent over the same year; decrease in issuance costs from 0.24 pct to 8.31 per cent over the same year; increase in financial costs from 1.08 pct in the second quarter of 2021 to coincide with the first half of the year: overall Māori rate, sales fee
Rates of use, management costs, R & D rates, financial cost rates, overall net interest rates, respectively, continued to ensure high R & D investment, with research and development spending of $1,165 million in the first half of 2021, breaking through with a series of innovative products that create significant clinical value for health-care workers.
The company has launched a new version of the Neonatal Unit (revision 2.0), a series of injection pumps (evp/esp/eds) (new listing in China District), a high-end ana8/a9 (new listing in the international region) for the consumption of the pump.
New products such as new listings), sv300pro respirators, hypixelr 14k super-highly clear-lighted end-of-the-scope camera systems, hard mirror instruments (150 mm plus simple punctures, repeated punctures): in the field of medical imaging, the poc high-end flatboard superte9, medium-low-end desktop supercuts
Cepo Solutions (dc-70, dc-60ultra); in the field of in vitro diagnosis, the company has launched a series of blood cell analysers for three-dimensional fluorescents, full automatic end blood, high-speed crp and saaa detectors bc-7500cs and a range of new biochemical and immuno-reagent products.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are affected positively by the epidemic in the short and long term. There is much room for growth in products such as custody, biochemical and chemical light, high-end images, etc. We wipe off the associated risks; exchange rate fluctuations; industry policy risks; and product price risk decline.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report