On August 19th, the Centre for Medical and Health Research, Angmi, launched the Clinical Examination of Public Medical Institutions in Angmi Province, with the company ' s high school bid expected to be replaced by a national product.
(a) The negotiation of bids for the central procurement of reagents, for the procurement of 23 products of the five main categories of neoplasms, infections, diseases, muscles, hormones and calcium decomposition in public health institutions throughout the province, with 80 per cent of the annual procurement volume of the provincial drug-mining platform for the negotiation of successful products as agreed quantities for a two-year cycle;
On 27th, the results of the negotiations were announced, with the company winning the 14 products, which ranked second among all the companies. The winning national product was larger than the imported product. Of the 23 products procured, 77 were produced.
From an enterprise’s point of view, the company won 14 products, after Yape, who won only 19 of the winning bid, and was ranked second. The number of winning firms was 12, 8 and 4 and the number of importers.
In the post-epidemiological era, a new situation opened up in the country and abroad - The Murray Medical Insight Report, 2021.8.25 is twice as high as the importer. (For a summary of the breakdown of the winning criteria, see appendix)
The company’s winning project has a high coverage and is expected to accelerate the entry of products into the hospital. Of the 10 oncological products, 3. Acquisition of hytestinvestoy, ivd industry, 4; completion of 5 infectious products; and completion of 5 hormone-based products.
More than 50% of clinical tests, and companies are expected to accelerate the introduction of their products through the current round of procurement, with a well-developed industrial chain, reagent-based procurement, which is expected to drive the national production substitution process, or with 4. " Performance meets expectations, and growth space is wide -- Murray. "
The company announced in May 21 its intention to acquire a high-quality raw material supplier, Hytest (seaguar), to supplement the self-production capacity of the powerful, and to expect a growing proportion of future raw materials to produce themselves.
Quality is expected to be optimized gradually, and at the same time, the acquisition of a centralized reagent represents an opportunity to replace national production, and the company’s share of the market is expected to grow gradually in the future. Without taking into account the profits of the M & As, we expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 21-23 years, respectively.
Consider the positive results of the procurement in Anhui Province, the high bid rate for the company ' s products, the expected increase in market occupancy rates, the lack of progress in the implementation of the procurement portfolio, the management of risks by distributors, the consolidation of mergers and acquisitions, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment