26 August 2021: Companies published 2021 semi-annual reports, generating business income of $12.778 billion, an increase over the same period the previous year
Wei Hongmei, 2021 h1, the company's performance was as expected.
Division, more than 190 countries and regions are overselling products. Life information and support to steady growth in operations and recovery of in vitro diagnostic and medical imagery operations. 2021 h1, Life information and support for operations, in vitro diagnostics, medical imaging operations
Roe (ttm) The company ' s life information and support operations have been able to sustain steady growth against a high base of demand driven by the epidemic last year, largely thanks to the country ' s new medical base, which is dominated by the expansion of large public hospitals.
In addition, non-epidemic products in the area of life information and support are gradually recovering, aed and minor surgical performance is prominent. (2) In vitro diagnostic operations show a high rate of recovery, mainly benefiting from the significant recovery of regular testing doses in both domestic and selected international areas. (3) Medical imaging operations
The recovery has been faster, mainly with the gradual resumption of routine clinical activities in both the domestic and some international areas, and last year with a normal trend in ultrasound procurement that has been contained by the epidemic. By region, domestic leadership has grown, and international regular operations have recovered.
International business grew by more than 20%. The growth of corporate domestic business was driven mainly by the new infrastructure of medical care; the growth of international business was driven by the gradual recovery of conventional business. Thanks to the widespread international recognition of corporate anti-epidemic products during the epidemic, the Méri brands gained significant influence and visibility abroad, promoting corporate non-resistance.
The company insists on innovative research and development, and the expansion is moving ahead in an orderly manner. (1) 2021 h1, the company's R & D inputs have been innovative, especially in the high-end product sector, and a series of health-care providers have been introduced.
Innovative products and solutions of significant clinical value, including life information and support area products such as high-end anaesthesia a8/a9, sv300pro respirators, medical video products and services such as poc high-end flatboard superte9, medium-low-end desktop super-circle solutions, and three-dimensional fluorescent, full-of-yourself
In addition, the company was instrumental in becoming the world's leading supplier of smart hospital programs, accelerating the expansion of the in-house application of the "Richard Federation" solution in 2021, and re-branding the "Mary Inspector" labit programme.
(iii) In 2021, H1 intends to acquire 100 per cent of the shares of the global provider of immunization raw materials, Hytestinvestoy, and its subsidiaries, and, if successful, could enhance the company's raw materials research and development capabilities and lead to new business expansion.
Investment proposals: the company is the leader of a domestic medical device, with both innovation and brand power, with product volatility risk; business management risk; product R & D risk; and Central American trade-related risks. The rating system's “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.