Utility shares (000938), IT technology hardware and equipment, improved cloud-net-end industrial chain, fast-growing performance
Events: The company recently released its 2017 performance report, and during the reporting period, the company predicted that Xinhua would be effective and quickly expand the operator ' s market: Xinhua San is the lead provider of the country ' s IT infrastructure and overall solution architecture, long-term leader in the domestic enterprise network market.
In the first half of 2017, in the Chinese business network market, the market share of Xinhua's outstanding industrial position and brand advantage in the products of the Xinhua network exchange, the enterprise level wireless, and the enterprise network router was 35.3 per cent, 35.3 per cent and 33.4 per cent respectively.
At the same time, Xinhua has released a clouded p-class cluster router, cr. 19000, officially marching into the company’s backbone, to become one of the few manufacturers in the industry that can launch similar products. At the same time, Xinhua is the only one in the country with a full set of sdn solutions.
The sdn/nfv field has a clear pre-emptive advantage. With Xinhua’s Xinhua leadership in the area of network equipment, total equity/flow (millions of shares) accumulates and competes, firms are expected to quickly enter the operator’s market and open up sustained growth.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Intra- and out-of-the-board energy to improve the layout of the “Cloud-Web-End” industrial chain: Intra-firm growth, along with expansion, constantly enriches and optimizes the “Cloud-Web-End” industrial chain.
Utility shares (000938). " Technology R & D for customer demand, promotion of technological change and innovation, promotion of firm core competition, creation of an in-industry chain layout. "
The company, on the other hand, improves the layout of its industry by acquiring technologically powerful IT enterprises, such as purple software, purple digital, Xinhua, etc., and contributes to the overall in-depth development of the group through operational synergies and resource integration.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report