Researchchand developmentcenter, leading platform for road operations, and high growth premiums are expected to highlight
High-growth premiums are expected to highlight the fact that the country's high-quality road layout is growing steadily up and down the Farming toll road.
Merchant Roads (001965) Merchant Roads, Traffic Technology, Smart Transport, Business Ecology, and Corporations integrate high-quality industry goods through the two models of “shareholding plus participation”
Source: As of the end of June 2023, the total mileage of the company ' s investments was 13060 km, covering 22 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government.
+31.4% net return profits have been restored over 19 years of normality. The company, as the national platform for road operations, will be valued over time.
1) Growth of industry ' s warming support: the return of freight, the boom, the increase in investment in three-wheel-drive road lines, the steady return of core road network traffic, and the catalytic warming of corporate toll road owners. 23H1 investment portfolio revenue increased by 25.1 per cent compared to 19H1 and 17.3 per cent compared to 19H1;
It is higher than the national high-speed traffic by 12.3 ptts. The split shows that the absolute value of the old car flow is higher, that the new road traffic that has been acquired for 15 years has contributed more rapidly, and that in the short term, the company’s existing production will revolve around the two logic lines of “old road storage + new road production growth”, which will maintain stability and boost the growth of the company’s traffic;
The purchase price is nearly $20 billion, the company ' s M & A path is relatively high in terms of profitability and sustainability, and the recent announcement of the proposed acquisition path of the wholly-owned subsidiary, Good Holdings Ltd., has recently increased and dropped in January (%)
100 per cent equity in Capital Limited (China); in accordance with the national highway construction plan, at the end of 25 years there was still 5 per cent of the country ' s highway miles or up to 186,000 kilometres, with 5 per cent room for growth, while the share of active cash mergers and acquisitions remained negotiablea (%)
In April 2020, the capital reits were launched on a pilot basis, with companies actively declaring projects on a high-speed basis and generating revenue from the “sending premium”, “operational management fee” and “dimension” on the basis of a successful declaration.
The consolidation of the new road law and the amendments to the billing regulations have created a demand for road pipelines, whereby companies can further upgrade the roe by initiating a shift from a business model of heavy assets (for the acquisition of road products) to light assets (for the collection of overheads).
The intellectual development of transport numbers is imperative, and companies take the lead in technological intelligence, which is necessary in terms of both “technology environmental support” and “market demand adequacy.” In response to policy developments and industry trends, companies rely on cooperative business platforms and flags.
In the medium-to-long term, we believe that companies can continue to push the board with “shareholder resource advantages” (research and development cooperation enterprises) and “investment industry resource advantages” (industry goods).
The value of the medium- and long-term segment of the company ' s two main sections can be valued in close proximity to the information technology industry, and there is much room for growth.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Assuming that only established property assets are considered in the section and that the impact of the outstanding high-speed public fund-raising reits and the proposed acquisition of 100 per cent of the equity of the capital company, China, we expect that the risk factors are: less than expected investment in road construction; the impact of road rate policies; and less than anticipated growth in traffic flows.
(a) The Business Road operates a national flagship platform, backed up by a consortium of corporate firms, with sufficient cash flows and strong dividends (with a rate of no less than 55 per cent for 22-24 years). With regard to road owners, the company maintains a pace of extended acquisitions and acquisitions of assets that are relatively positive for its peers, and its own established road products are relatively young for its peers, and is therefore expected to contribute more rapidly to the growth of its performance;
In the case of road chain operations, companies have a much wider scope for external export of intelligent transport and transport technology. Thus, on the basis of the new catalytic period in the road industry, we believe that the company is clearly growing relative to the industry, or that it may enjoy a certain value premium.
I. Down and down the Farm Farming toll Roads, national high-quality road layout performance growth is steady 1.1. The leading domestic road investment operator, on December 18th, 1999 was incorporated into the Commissariat Group, which became a fully-owned subsidiary of the Group.
Completion of the corporate reform and the equity reform, officially renamed the Business Road. Thanks to the integration of road enterprises under the corporate umbrella and the infusion of resources, in 2017 the company absorbed the integration of the Shenzhen stock exchange into the entire market, developing to date (by the end of June 23) a total of 13060 kilometres of investment, which has become the country's leading road and related infrastructure investment.
1.2 Recruiting from the Chamber of Commerce group, with a significant share of the absolute proceeds, and relying on the Chamber of Commerce group, with a number of investment companies giving major shareholders an investment attribute.
The company’s chairman and many of its general managers are well known for their background, engineers, and Yang Xudong, Wu Xinhua, and Lee Qinghua have been involved in the 2019 equity incentive program as the company’s core cadres.
1.3 The company has diversified its operations, with deep-farming toll roads running down and down the industry chain. For many years, commercial roads have focused on road operations, which cover four main sectors of road transport infrastructure investment, transport technology, intelligent transport and business ecology: 1) investment operating blocks: operating and investing in high-quality highways to generate road fares;
2) Transport science and technology module: full process advisory services, engineering techniques and products around the construction of transport infrastructure; 3) Smart traffic block: high-quality efficiency for highway travel through digitalization and informatization, covering operations such as smart fees, traffic broadcasting, electronic invoicing, etc integrated services, green energy, etc.; 4) Enterprising ecology module: a company ' s traditional ring
The new business block, which incorporates new business transformations and upgrades in the new business environment, is integrated into the integrated management protection and landscape room operations, and includes aquatic restoration, soil restoration of the ecological landscape, environmental counselling, etc. The investment portfolio has the highest income and Māori share, followed by transport technology. The investment module is at the heart of the company.
The share of income in the public technology sector is close to 20 per cent, with Maori contributing nearly 200 million yuan per year; and the ratio of gross income to the intelligent transport, commercial ecology, Māori, remains relatively low.
Figure 9: Roughly 90% Mäori (in billions of yuan) of the investment portfolio 1.4 `Covered + Participation' model of high-quality national road products. June of the year, the total mileage of the company's investments was 13060 km. The network of investment routes has covered 22 provinces, autonomous regions and regions of the country.
By the end of 2022, the company owned 14 shares, with a combined charge of approximately 1,039 kilometres, located on the main line of the state, with a clear regional advantage, excellent profitability, and stable growth. The company persisted in the long-term expansion and acquisition of the road dynamic, so that the stockholding was still relatively annual.
As of June 2023, the company was involved in 25 high-quality paid road companies, of which 15 were a- and h-highway companies, covering 15 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions, and managing up to 2008 km. The company ' s broad-based participation in high-quality road-producing enterprises was able to sustain gains from two angles: (a) consolidation of industry excellence.
Qualitative resources. Company participation in 15 companies listed in the same industry, all of which have high-quality head resources that contribute to the growth of the company’s revenues; (2) promotion of other major output sectors. Corporate transport technology, intelligent transportation, hiring of commercial eco-blocks, the main department of road-car traffic for road-producing activities, is affected by the epidemic, but it is still 0.5% higher than in 2019, with a major increase in the number of participating sectors.
Internal growth + external M & As, and income and profits are growing rapidly. In 2022, the company achieved $8,297 million in revenue and $4,861 million in net profit to the mother, a decline of 3.8 per cent and 2.3 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the national spread of the epidemic and four quarters of the year.
The net parent interest rate of 3q23 increased further to 66.3 per cent, from 8.5 per cent to 8.5 per cent.
2.1 The road industry is returning to normality, functioning well, having a elastic period.
1) In terms of cargo transport, the smooth flow of traffic is clear, the volume of cargo is robust, with a cumulative increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period for 10m23 road cargoes, compared to 2.0 per cent in 2019; 2) In terms of travel, following the elimination of the effects of the epidemic last year, passenger traffic rebounded strongly, and 10m23 road passenger traffic accumulated on the same basis
23.5 per cent increase, with 23H1 highway minibuses travelling 11,78 million times, an increase of 39 per cent over the same period; 3) In terms of investment, policies are steadily being implemented, with high levels of investment in road construction and investment in 9m23 road infrastructure cumulatively increasing by 4.3 per cent over the same year, compared to the year 2019, when the ratio was +36.1 per cent.
Core road network traffic has recovered steadily, and the toll-to-roads industry has returned to warmer. 23h1 commercial road investment has increased by 23.5 per cent, compared to 23.5 per cent, a 4.8 per cent decrease compared to 19h1, mainly due to lower Māori rates, and 2.2 “old road ballast + new road innovation” has contributed to the growth of traffic.
2.2.1 High-quality road-producing and leading industry High-speed rate policies are stable. In Zhejiang province, for example, road tolls in Zhejiang province are recognized according to the standards for passenger and cargo vehicles: 1) passenger vehicles are classified according to number of seats and length of vehicles.
Numbers + tunnels (bridges) with tolls added; 2) vans, by a breakdown of axle, mass and vehicle length, with tolls = vehicle kilometre rate* of actual mileage of vehicles + tunnels (bridges) with tolls. At the national level, high-speed traffic rates are regulated, so rates are more stable, and highway toll revenues are mainly affected by traffic flows.
By the end of 2022, the company’s 14 holdings had average daily traffic flow, and the built-in composite rate of 12.3 ptts. If the impact of the new acquisitions on the growth of traffic is further excluded, the company’s acquisitions after 2015 will be eliminated.
After that, the average daily circulation of the company's holdings (total of 7) was 149,000 vehicles, down 10.6 per cent from the same year, compared to figure 22: the company's controlled circulation of road vehicles leads the industry at a faster rate, and the two old highways of the “Port North”, which together account for more than 25 per cent of the company's traffic.
The purchase of the Odong Bridge, the Quantue Highway, which has maintained a traffic ratio of between 7 and 11 per cent for the 18-22 years, the acquisition of the `Kyoto Highway' in 22 years, 8.6 per cent, has become a priority core asset for the second batch of companies, and the acquisition of road products in 2015 has continued to be active in terms of the increase in traffic, with the `Gui Hing Highway' having 17.2 per cent in 15-19 and the `Kiyang Highway' having 12.5 per cent in 15-19.
The `Yang Ping highway' was 20.5% in 15-19 (20 years, 22 years of declining traffic affected by the epidemic) and accounted for a growing share of the company's total traffic, creating a major increase for the company. The colored road product is the original road product, while the last seven light orange road products are the newly acquired road product after 2015.
2. Road fare revenue ratio: old road fares, 59.8% + new road fares, 40.2%, totaled $4.80 billion in 2022. In terms of road fare revenue ratio, the highest contribution was made to income from the high speed rate, which generated $1.17 billion, or 24 per cent, and high speed revenue, which generated $480 million, or 10 per cent. In terms of road fare increment, 22 years of road fare revenue.
This represents a decrease of 860 million yuan over 21 years, of which there is also a greater impact on the spread of high-speed, high-speed and high-speed road-to-high-speed income, accounting for 36.4 per cent, 5.4 per cent and 2.6 per cent, respectively. It can be seen that companies such as the high-speed companies, which hold long old roads, continue to be an important part of the income component of the company, and that the sustained power of the high-speed, high-speed and so forth acquired since 2015 has been maintained.
Creating incremental growth for the company is consistent with the logic of the growth of “old road storage plus new road production” that we split up in traffic. Figure 25: Increase in corporate road fees as a percentage of revenue (2022 data) Coloured road production is the original road product and the last seven light orange road products are the new acquisition of road products after 2015.
Compared to industry, companies have a daily average of traffic and road fares leading by both yoy and compound upscaling a stock headlines. Compared to the top five companies with a market value of Xiaosha (Ningu, Deep High and High Speed), 1) average daily traffic leads the day-to-day average of road traffic by companies, including 15 to 19 years.
In terms of revenue from road fares, the annual company announcement, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre (SDC), the company's controlling road fare income, leading yoy headline companies, of which a complex increase was recorded in 15-19 years, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre (SDRC)
2.2.2 Active cash acquisition of high-quality road products, expansion driven by over-growth Active corporate mergers and acquisitions, expansion of high-quality road products, and a combined five-year market payment of nearly $20 billion for road goods acquisition. According to company acquisition, the Ministry of Transport was transferred free of charge when the company was founded, with the rest of the road production being collected by the company.
In early 2023, the company, in association with Guangzhou Viet Soo, Inc., completed a high-speed bidding project to add a high-speed road investment of 106 km by means of a video.
Outlier M&As are high value-for-road expansion, and cash acquisitions safeguard shareholders’ rights. Companies actively adopt cash M&As to purchase road products, incorporating high quality road products to raise the overall profitability of the company, while avoiding the dilution of each share of the gains resulting from the increase in equity, both driving up the ps and maximizing shareholder rights while expanding their assets.
Figure 30: Cash M & As boosts the ps 2.3 anchoring of the future, and national highway construction provides space for M & A. From a short-term and medium-to-long-term perspective, the heat of our highway construction is expected to continue, with companies buying through extended M & As
By the end of 2022, the total mileage of the highway had reached 1,773,000 kilometres and, according to the Development Plan for the "Thirty-Fifty-Five" of the highway, at least 25,000 kilometres of the highway would need to be newly modified, and 18.6 million kilometres of the highway would be expected in 2025.
3.1 Reiters brought about the closure of the withdrawal of the collection of investment tubes, with a long-term expectation of a shift towards a new business model for road pipelines, and the advent of the era of road operations for the maintenance of light assets. In April 2020, the China CSRC and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly released the " Trust Fund for the Promotion of Real Property Investment in Infrastructure " (REITs) pilot workers
In addition, the CSRC published the Guidance for Public Collection of Infrastructure Portfolio Investment Funds (Advanced) (Advised Drafts), which led to the formal start of the domestic infrastructure field reits pilot. Road companies, as original owners, are located in the industrial chain: upstream hosting needs are expanded, downstream pilot policies are good.
The commercial road is represented by the original owner of the road reits structure, which acquires control of the road by way of mergers and acquisitions, and then gives equity in the reits project, which is packaged in accordance with the relevant provisions, and continues to operate as a management operator, charging operating fees and transforming the business model of heavy assets to light assets.
Road companies are in the middle of the industrial chain, and it's all good to go up and down. Upstream: Road surrogate demand expands.
(b) In recent years, the State has deepened its focus on major sector reforms, with some of the road-producing and non-hosting countries gradually stripping up their shareholdings and providing more opportunities for road companies. Downstream: hot spots in the industry, market recognition, policy support.
Since the beginning of the pilot, the Government has put in place a series of policies to clarify the operational norms and declaration process, and the infrastructure reits-related products have received wide market interest and approval; as of the end of June 23, there were currently 28 infrastructure public fund-raising reits approved for sale, covering a wide range of asset types, including industrial parks, highways, warehouse logistics and sewage treatment, with high speeds.
There are seven highwayreits projects, which include the merchants Hangangreit, the Ping Guang River Highway Reit, the China Hand-in-hand Reit, the Hua Xia Beyot Highway, the China Kim An Quan Quan Qi, the China Tin Quan ryit, and the Hua Tai Jiang So Control Reit. The company actively announces the Quang Quick Reits project, which is being developed in a gradual manner and can be followed up by a “table + schedule + follow-up” model.
In March 2021, the company’s board of directors agreed to the company’s declaration of infrastructure reits with full capital’s freeway franchise held by the company Anhui Highway Limited.
This opens. Specifically: 1) Transfer premium: the company acquires the relevant road product and, after the operation of the packaging to meet the relevant conditions as declared by the reits, receives a 100% interest in the way the return on the investment is recognized if the asset is valued above the net book value.
2) Operating management fees: After granting 100 per cent of the profits, the company may continue to operate as an external management platform and charge operating management fees.
The combined participation of the associated parties under the same control may not together be less than 20 per cent of the volume of the sale, thereby allowing the company to receive an equity counterpart asset operating bonus (which is required to be distributed in cash by the Infrastructure Fund to investors in excess of 90 per cent of the amount available in the consolidated fund year).
3.2 New road laws and regulations give rise to expired road traffic management requirements Existing road laws and regulations do not adequately meet the sustainable development needs of roads and have some scope for reform. As our highway network evolves, the costs of construction, maintenance and management of toll roads are increasing, but the current rates are changing more.
As a result, the toll-road gap is high, with a shortfall of $62.79 billion in 2021, an increase of 29.5 per cent over 2019, with a gap of $60.47 billion for highways, an increase of 29.4 per cent over 2019, and under current laws and regulations, if highways stop charging fees when they expire, there will be a debt overhang and there will be no need for long-term road conservation and management.
In 2018, the Ministry of Transport issued the Amendments to the Road Law (draft) and the Regulation on Feed Roads (Revised) and in 2021 it clearly emphasized in the main points of work on the legal aspects of transport that the integrated promotion of the Law on Roads, the Regulation on Toll Roads and the Regulation on Rural Roads is included in the annual legislative plan of the State Council, the new Law on Roads and the Collection.
The new road law is expected to be introduced as early as possible and will be in the legislative review phase as of 2023, triggering the need for expired road traffic lines in terms of “relaxing regulatory restrictions + maintaining notional charges at the end” and facilitating the shift of highway operations to “perpetuity”: 1) the new road law for comments.
(b) The new Road Act adjusts the means of financing road maintenance by promising “tolls on tolls on tolls on tolls on tolls on tolls on tolls on tolls” and, upon expiry, the road ownership business will be able to access the road.
Through the extension of the right of administration, vehicle toll revenue continues to be charged to earn operating fees and road maintenance costs. 3.3 The shift from light-asset operations to light-asset operations can be increased by roe. From the definition of roe (net asset rate of return (roe) = net return) = net return
In terms of profit/net assets, on the one hand, the light assetization of road operations can raise the relative low profit road output table, and, on the other hand, the shift to an external operator to collect stable operating management fees, raise net profits, and thus increase the profits. On the other hand, in terms of the Dubon breakdown (net asset rate of return (roe) = net interest rate of sales* equity multiplier of asset turnover*, on the other hand, the company has shifted to just one.
A combination of light asset operations with management fees, a greater share of high net sales interest rates, and higher sales interest rates; income generation, on the other hand, a relatively weak asset presentation and a greater turnover of assets, can drive the roll-out of roe.
Intelligent transport is a service system that uses modern electronic information technologies such as networking, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, automatic control, mobile Internet, etc. to effectively improve the management and operation of the delivery system.
Smart transport markets are booming, intelligent, or becoming a new growth point for highways. According to the AIDS advisory data, in 2023 the smart traffic market was larger than $43.6 billion, with growth rates of more than 20%, and the highway smart market was still larger than 20%.
The intelligent transport sector is expected to be a new growth point for highways, with a growth rate of up to $90 billion, which is still double-digit, with the industry moving toward the sunk market, autopilot, and so on. The company’s smart transport plate is the first to work, the layout is perfect, and the technology of the technology is the first to transform the new infrastructure plan.
(a) Smart traffic: by the end of 2022, the company was actively setting up intelligent traffic plates, and by the end of 2022, it was able to achieve intelligent transport rings covering such operations as fee collection, smart security, intelligent operation, traffic broadcasting, electronic invoicing, etc., integrated services, green energy, smart cities, smart management and smart car inspection, with a broad layout and a clear prior advantage.)
General Science and Technology: As one of the company’s traditional businesses, the section provides a full process advisory service, engineering technology and products around the infrastructure of transport, and the company’s flagship trade union is the industry’s leading transport science and technology complex, with strong scientific research, full qualifications, intelligent transport plates and a growing operation of transport technology. In terms of revenue from the plate, the Corporate Transport Section expanded its operations in 2022.
The technology block, with 1,876 million yuan in revenues, 10.13 billion yuan in revenues from intelligent traffic, recovered the recovery rate, compared to 2018, and received an important part of the revenue, with 14 shares in the future or a second growth curve, 25 participating companies, 15 listed companies, and a wealth of industry resources to transport the company ' s intelligence.
At present, the “roadway-to-road” management platform, built by Microsoft, has achieved full company access to the main segment, providing in-house practices and validations for the marketing of future smart business products. Compared to the science and technology industry, intelligent transport has the potential to upgrade the value of the two panels, and the overall valuation is sustainable.
As of November 2023, there were about 11 times the index of the Shinwan Highway, while the Yangtze Internet Information Service, the Shin Wanit Service, and the Shinwan Software Development Index of about 96, 64, 69 times more, respectively, leaving a large gap between the traditional highway industry and the new information technology industry. We believe that the company’s intelligent transportation and transportation technology operations will be well developed.
After splits, the sub-sections of the two blocks may be valued together with the information technology industry, and the company ' s overall valuation may be enhanced. 1) For the company ' s road block performance projections, we use only existing projects as a baseline and do not take into account future acquisitions of new road products; 2) The company has since December 2020 installed seven light-voltage enterprises, with the exception of Toyoshi and Toyota districts, with a projected clean energy source.
3) Considering that the company ' s transport technology business has developed into a traditional niche market to speed up the development of high-quality markets in economically developed regions, and to create an early national business network, we expect a relatively robust income growth of 2023e-2025e; 4) considering the extensive expansion of the company ' s technological products and infrastructure for intelligent transport and the horizontal expansion of intelligent transport services,
(b) Transport technology, intelligent transportation, commercial ecology, etc., assuming that the overall Māori rate is stable. (4) Considering that head-to-head companies and unlisted high-quality road companies in the company's shareholding industry are eligible for over-exploitation, I
It is assumed that the company’s return on investment will be maintained at a relatively high compound rate.5) In addition, the impact of the unsettled high-speed public fund-raising reits and of the proposed acquisition of 100 per cent of the capital company’s shareholdings by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Good Holdings Ltd. (China) is not considered for the time being.
With regard to the valuation of merchant roads, we take into account that: 1) the company committed 55% of the 22e-24e share of the red, and that there was a lack of realization of the dividends method only: 2) the company's acquisition of road property has led to expansionary growth, which is one of the advantages of the company, but it is unpredictable. Thus, the traditional high-speed valuation method may be inadequate. Here we simplify the valuation model, from a growth perspective.
We have selected the top five comparable companies for the highway plate, in addition to commercial highways, and market performance expectations for 2023 have been clear about the impact of the epidemic and the cost relief for vehicles.
(a) A deep-high-speed market surplus of 9.3 times, 9.8 times, 10.9 times, 10.3 times and 8.8 times, respectively, with an average value of 9.8 times. 1) The industry as a whole followed up by a policy catalyst, the new road law and regulations on toll roads are expected to be in place in the fourteenth and fifth years, the road bill is expected to be extended and the business operators will be relaxed after expiry, and the hiring road is expected to operate on its own logic.
2) The historical performance of the hiring road is significantly higher than that of the comparable companies, and we expect that future growth in the interior, combined with extended M&As, will still be higher: in 2017-2019, the combined net profit growth rate of the five comparable companies selected in table 14 was 2.0 per cent and the combined net profit growth rate of the competitive road acquisition companies selected in table 14 was 2.0 per cent.
Looking ahead, the growth rate is 7.6 per cent, and we analyse that the incentive or relatively high level of high-quality road production for commercial road extensions and acquisitions (the announcement issued on 17 November by the Department of Public Affairs that the wholly-owned subsidiary Quaker Holdings Ltd. is about to buy Roads with 100 per cent equity in China) is expected to result in higher profit margins for relatively comparable companies.
In summary, we believe that pessimistic factors such as the outbreak of the highway plate last year and the fall in tolls in four quarters have gradually emerged, and that there are subsequent or policy catalysts to engage the remaining companies in the highway industry with an extended growth and a relatively long maturity, or a 20-30 per cent pe valuation premium for 2023, equivalent to 11.81 times the reasonable pe premium for 2023.
Road-building investments are not as high as expected. The growth in revenue from the company’s main operations depends on “in-house construction plus extended M&As”, and if road construction and investment fall short of expectations, it will slow down the company’s productivity, thus affecting revenue and performance.
The normal road traffic rate is stable, and the company’s output growth is largely dependent on the growth of the traffic, which, if not as expected, will affect the company’s revenue collection and performance. Toming left, the Chinese University of Mines, a Ph.D., a registered consulting (investment) engineer, and the Deputy Managing Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center.
Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society and of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Worker
In June 2016, the U.S. Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre was set up to study the coal sector. From 2019 to date, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.