Kyoto High Iron performance rating of 2403: Quarterly transfer of the emblem of Jingfu An, with a slight weakening of the business needs of the home line car incident: 3-quarter report of 2024 from Kyogi High Iron.
The profit was 10.15 billion yuan, or 12.3 per cent of the year; the net return to the mother was 3,658 million yuan in the single quarter, a slight drop in the same quarter, and the net return to the mother was 3 per cent lower in the same year.
In terms of income and cost, the 24q3 company has experienced a decline in revenue over the same period. The decline in business income and the still increasing cost have led to the first single-quarter profit for the 24q3 company as a whole, the first-time profit for the JFK and an increase in the gains and losses for minority shareholders.
\triangleright's minority shareholders gain or gain of $15.1 million from JFK; we expect JFW's company to make a profit of about $43 million in three quarters.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect a company to have a separate net return profit for 2024-2026 Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, risk of adjustment of liquidation policy, risk commission management, line \triangleright
The risk is heightened by competition in the industry, and the number of traffic in the Jing Fu An emblems is growing less than expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
Major areas of transport, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, have been part of the external review boards submitted by various provinces, which have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CSRC. This report has been prepared and published by the CSRC.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.