Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
2019 results largely in line, resilient growth ahead
Xufa Liao, CFA
600519.SS
12m Price Target: Rmb1,360.00 Price: Rmb1,200.00 Upside: 13.3%
Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited
Moutai reported 2019 results with Rev of Rmb88.8bn, up 15.1%
Ning Wang
yoy, in line with expectation, and NP of Rmb41.2bn was up 17% yoy,
Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited
1% higher than our expectation and 2% higher than the company's
pre-announcement made on Jan 2.
Key points of the result
In 4Q19, revenue was Rmb25.3bn, up 14% yoy, largely in line with
Key Data
Market cap: Rmb1.5tr / $213.1bn
the growth momentum in 1-3Q of 2019. NP in 4Q19 increased by
Enterprise value: Rmb1.4tr / $191.7bn
3m ADTV: Rmb4.7bn / $668.2mn
3% yoy to Rmb10.7bn.
China
A-share Consumer Staples
For the full year of 2019 revenue from Moutai spirits came in at
Leases incl. in net debt & EV?: No
Rmb75.8bn, up 16% yoy. GP margin was flat at 93.8%. In 2019, the
Asia ex. Japan Conviction List
basic production volume of Moutai spirits was flat at 49922 tons.
GS Forecast
Sales volume of Moutai spirits was 34546 tons, up 6.5% yoy, and
was 3.5% higher than our expectations. We note that the full year
sales volume of 34546 tons is c.10% higher than the company's
beginning of year plan of 31000 tons. In our view, this is further
evidence of the flexibility in the company's overall annual supply and
its ability to respond to changes in the retail price environment and
market demand. This also implies a 10.4% ASP increase, which is
2% lower than our expectations though, mainly on lower than
GS Factor Profile
expected direct sales. We calculate that the ASP increase could be
attributed to four factors: price hike lagged effect of 2%, VAT cut
effect of 3%; product mix upgrade of 4% and direct sales channel
effect of 1%.
Sales to related parties (incl parent group and its subsidiaries) was
Rmb5.8bn in 2018, up from Rmb2.55bn in 2018. Sales to related
parties accounted for 4.3% of the net assets as end of 2019 and is
in line with our expectations.
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates.
Nevertheless, It's also worth noting that sales to the top 5 clients
See disclosures for details.
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result,
investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to
analysts with FINRA in the U.S.
Goldman Sachs
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
Growth & Margins (%) _
Total investments
Other long-term assets
1,576.9
1,576.9
1,576.9
1,576.9
Price Performance
183,042.4
218,820.5
261,124.2
310,189.0
Total assets
30,044.6
34,551.2
39,733.9
45,694.0
Accounts payable
Short-term debt
Short-term lease liabilities
15,461.9
26,270.9
Other current liabilities
11,048.7
20,640.4
Total current liabilities
41,093.3
50,013.1
60,374.4
71,964.9
Long-term debt
Long-term lease liabilities
Other long-term liabilities
Total long-term liabilities
Total liabilities
41,166.0
50,085.8
60,447.0
72,037.6
Preferred shares
136,010.3
188,427.4
222,223.3
Total common equity
159,828.8
Source: FactSet. Price as of 21 Apr 2020 close.
Cash Flow (Rmb mn)
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates.
Goldman Sachs
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
was Rmb11bn (or 12.9% or total annual sales), up from only Rmb3.58bn in 2018 (or
4.87% of total annual sales). Excluding related parties sales (in the top 5 client list), the
sales to the other 4 clients was Rmb8.1bn, 3.45x higher than the Rmb1.82bn in 2018.
We believe this surge to large clients likely reflects sales to local government-related
SOEs.
Revenue from series products (mid-to-low end) was Rmb9.54bn, up 18%, and GP
margin improved slightly to 72%. In 2019, sales volume of 30082 tons, up 1% yoy, and
ASP was up 17%, mainly due to direct price hike, in addition to some products upgrade.
Management guided to a flat volume growth of series products in early 2020.
2020 outlook
The company maintained its guidance for 10% revenue growth in 2020.
Looking forward into 2020, we expect basic production volume to increase by 7% to
54000 tons, close to its current capacity of 56000 tons, which is constrained in the
short term by the corona virus impact.
Despite the challenging environment during Covid19 outbreak, we think the company
could still maintain robust growth momentum thanks to its strong bargaining power
based on the differential between ex-factory price (at Rmn969) and wholesale price (at
Rmb2200 currently), per our channel checks.
The company planned to provide 34500 tons of Moutai spirits supply as announced on
Dec 27 of 2019. Assuming that this is the annual in-plan supply plan, we believe it may
be subject to additional out-of-plan supply in 2020, as seen in previous fiscal years.
According to media sources (weijiu), the company had asked distributors to order a new
special commemorative Moutai spirits product to be called "Walking into Overseas
Market Series". Per the reports, each distributor was asked to pay c.Rmb2.5mn to the
company as end of March. For illustrative purposes, considering that there are about
1600 Moutai spirits distributors and that the ex-factory price, as implied by the
datapoints in the article, of this special commemorative product would be approximately
1.5x higher than Feitian Moutai, we calculate that it could contribute Rmb4bn revenue
(or c.4.5% of the revenue in 2019) on 800-900 tons of volume (c.2.5% of the sales
volume in 2019), all else equal.
As for channel mix, the company reported revenue from direct sales was Rmb7.24bn (or
8% of total revenue), up 66% yoy and direct sales volume was 2651 tons (roughly 7%
of Moutai spirits volume). This is still lower than our expectation though and we attribute
this to the lower allocation of direct sales quota to the listco. As per management, the
company will provide 2800 tons more supply to the self-owned stores in 2020, on top of
the c.1000 tons in 2019. We believe the overall direct sales ratio will continue to increase
in 2020. Meanwhile, the sales to the parent group (or related party) should increase at
the growth rate of the net assets, which is roughly 20% as per our estimate. It's still
unclear to us whether the company will increase or reduce the supply to
local-government related parties, which, at least in 2019 accounted for c.11% of Moutai
spirits sales.
Goldman Sachs
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
Estimate changes, valuation, and key risks
We fine-tune our 2020-22E EPS by 1%, on average, and introduce our 2023E EPS of
Rmb64.35 per share and we rollover our valuation to 2023E, applying 27x (unchanged)
on 2023E EPS (previously on 2022E EPS) and discount back to 2020 using 8.5% COE
(previously 10%, the change reflected risk-free interest rate). Our new-12mTP is raised
by c.12% to Rmb1360. Maintain Buy (on CL).
Key risks: 1) Further macroeconomic slowdown; 2) lower-than-expected volume growth;
3) government regulation on price hikes; 4) ongoing coronavirus outbreak impact.
Goldman Sachs
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
Disclosure Appendix
Reg AC
We, Xufa Liao, CFA and Ning Wang, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject
company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the
specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.
GS Factor Profile
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our coverage universe) and its
sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, Financial
Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows:
Growth is based on a stock's forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock's forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock's forward-looking P/E, P/B,
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile).
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three guarters in the future. Growth uses inputs
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics).
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.
M&A Rank
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research.
Quantum
Quantum is Goldman Sachs' proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.
Disclosures
Coverage group(s) of stocks by primary analyst(s)
Xufa Liao, CFA: A-share Consumer Staples, A-share Media.
A-share Consumer Staples: Angel Yeast, Anhui Gujing Distillery Co., C&S Paper Co., Jiangsu King's Luck Brewery, Jiangsu Yanghe, Kweichow Moutai,
Luzhou Laojiao, Qinghai Huzhu Barley Wine Co., Shanghai M&G, Shanxi Xinghuacun Fen Wine, Sichuan Swellfun Co., Sichuan Teway Food Group,
Wuliangye Yibin.
A-share Media: Alpha Group, Beijing Enlight Media Co., Beijing Gehua CATV, BlueFocus Communication, China South Publishing & Media, Focus Media
Information Tech, Guangdong Advertising, Huayi Brothers Media, IMAX China Holding, Jiangsu Phoenix, Oriental Pearl, Wanda Film, Zhejiang Huace
Film & TV.
Company-specific regulatory disclosures
The following disclosures relate to relationships between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (with its affiliates, "Goldman Sachs") and companies covered
by the Global Investment Research Division of Goldman Sachs and referred to in this research.
Goldman Sachs expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3 months: Kweichow Moutai
(Rmb1,200.00)
Goldman Sachs had a non-securities services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Kweichow Moutai (Rmb1,200,00)
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe
As of April 9, 2020, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,023 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as
Buys and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for
the purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See 'Ratings, Coverage groups and related definitions' below. The Investment
Banking Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided
investment banking services within the previous twelve months.
Goldman Sachs
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
Price target and rating history chart(s)
Regulatory disclosures
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; for equity securities, market making and/or specialist role. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a
principal in debt securities (or in related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts,
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst's area of coverage.
Analyst compensation: Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues. Analyst
as officer or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from
serving as an officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst's area of coverage. Non-U.S. Analysts: Non-U.S. analysts may not be
associated persons of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on
communications with subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by the analysts.
Distribution of ratings: See the distribution of ratings disclosure above. Price chart: See the price chart, with changes of ratings and price targets in
prior periods, above, or, if electronic format or if with respect to multiple companies which are the subject of this report, on the Goldman Sachs
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to
it, is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In
producing research reports, members of the Global Investment Research Division of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other
meetings hosted by the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or
meetings may be met in part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific
circumstances relating to the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general
advice only and has been prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client's objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should,
before acting on any such advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client's own objectives, financial situation and needs.
A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs' Australian Sell-Side Research
Brazil-registered analyst primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Instruction 598, is the first author
named at the beginning of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text. Canada: Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. is an affiliate of The
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and therefore is included in the company specific disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs (as defined above). Goldman Sachs
Canada Inc. has approved of, and agreed to take responsibility for, this research report in Canada if and to the extent that Goldman Sachs Canada Inc.
disseminates this research report to its clients. Hong Kong: Further information on the securities of covered companies referred to in this research
may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. India: Further information on the subject company or companies referred to in this
research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 951-A.
6616 9000. Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian
Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies referred to in this research report. Japan: See below. Korea: This
research, and any access to it, is intended only for "professional investors" within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act,
unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained
from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch, New Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither "registered banks"
nor "deposit takers" (as defined in the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for
"wholesale clients" (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs
Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not
having product promotion as their main purpose and do not provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity.
Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a
specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes
no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken by a client or any other person based on this research report. Singapore: Further
Goldman Sachs
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
information on the covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number:
198602165W). Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors should carefully consider their own
investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor. United Kingdom: Persons who would be categorized as retail
clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this research in conjunction with prior
Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have been sent to them by Goldman
Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are available from Goldman Sachs
International on request.
European Union: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) (2016/958) supplementing
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical
arrangements for objective presentation of investment recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy
states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of Interest in Connection with Investment Research.
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho
69, and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association.
Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption tax. See company-specific disclosures as to
any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers Association or the Japanese Securities Finance
Company.
Ratings, coverage groups and related definitions
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) -Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or
Sell on an Investment List is determined by a stock's total return potential relative to its coverage. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is deemed Neutral.
Each region's Investment Review Committee manages Regional Conviction lists, which represent investment recommendations focused on the size of
the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across their respective areas of coverage. The addition or removal of
stocks from such Conviction lists do not represent a change in the analysts' investment rating for such stocks.
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.
Coverage groups: A list of all stocks in each coverage group is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage group at
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating and target price have been removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when Goldman Sachs is acting in an
advisory capacity in a merger or strategic transaction involving this company and in certain other circumstances. Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman
Sachs Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for
determining, or there are legal, regulatory or policy constraints around publishing, an investment rating or target. The previous investment rating and
price target, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied upon. Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended
coverage of this company. Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this company. Not Available or Not Applicable (NA). The information
is not available for display or is not applicable. Not Meaningful (NM). The information is not meaningful and is therefore excluded.
Global product; distributing entities
The Global Investment Research Division of Goldman Sachs produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis.
Analysts based in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics,
currencies, commodities and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in
Brazil by Goldman Sachs do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Ombudsman Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or
Sachs Canada Inc. or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private
Ltd.; in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman
Sachs New Zealand Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W);
and in the United States of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its
distribution in the United Kingdom and European Union.
European Union: Goldman Sachs International authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and
the Prudential Regulation Authority, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the European Union and United Kingdom.
General disclosures
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst's judgment.
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by our Global Investment Research Division.
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research.
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst's published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst's fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock's return
potential relative to its coverage group as described herein.
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, excluding equity and credit analysts, will from time to time have long or short positions in, act
as principal in, and buy or sell, the securities or derivatives, if any, referred to in this research.
Goldman Sachs
Kweichow Moutai (600519.SS)
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs.
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report.
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be
illegal. It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of
individual clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if
appropriate, seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them
may fluctuate. Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur.
Fluctuations in exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors.
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at
Transaction costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation
will be supplied upon request.
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by the Global Investment
Research division of GS may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g.,
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request
that specific data underlying analysts' fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst's fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through electronic
publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports.
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related
© 2020 Goldman Sachs.
No part of this material may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written
consent of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.