The company was founded in 2004 in Guangdong Province, Guangzhou City.
After many years of development, the company has 600 more molecular companies, over 35,000 employees, a central institute, three major research and development centres, etc.
In 2021, the company sold 1.63 million tons of feed throughout the country. Second, it has created some branding influence in the market.
The raw materials industry produced 293 million tons, representing 21.16% of the global feed industry, and ranked first in the world in the huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn. Our feed industry has continued to grow in scale in recent years, but its concentration remains low, at 2021.
In the current situation in the feed industry, the short-term effects of the pig cycle are expected to lead to an increase in the demand for feed. In the long run, the per capita consumption of meat, policies, etc., are driving the country’s feed industry.
The company has a multi-dimensional layout that enhances its competitiveness. The company has a whole industry chain layout, and the size of the feed remains in the vanguard. Regionally, the company continues to grow and sink and actively expands its overseas markets.
Firms are expected to increase their production profile and release capacity steadily. In terms of talent management and incentives, the public sector has a professional management team, and positive incentives have been put in place to show some confidence in the company’s future development.
Investment strategy: maintain the “recommended” rating of companies. The company, as our leader in the feed industry, uses fodder as its core business, building an integrated core system of competition in the entire industry chain, increasing the size of the feed, sustaining the optimization of the product structure, the second largest market in 2021.
At the same time, demand for poultry feed is expected to rise as poultry production picks up, and aquaculture, anti-thumps, and pet feed is expected to grow steadily. In the long run, companies have a core competitive advantage to sustain the development of the entire industry chain, and there is room for further growth in output expansion.
1. The company is our leader in the feed industry. It was founded in 2004 in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, with its headquarters in the development, production and marketing of water production and animal feed, and in the entire chain of industrial protection, animal seedlings, livestock farming and healthy foods.
In November 2009, the company was listed in close proximity. After many years of development, the company had more than 600 molecular companies, over 35,000 employees, a central institute, three major R & D centres, and more than 10 pilot R & D bases, both inside and outside the country, and was awarded the “National Priority Enterprise for Agro-Industrialization”, “China 500” and the Asian listing of Forbes.
In 2021, company sales reached 1.63 million tons, the second largest in the country, forming a certain branding influence in the market.
Initial development period (1998-2002): focused on the management of aquatic feed. In early 1998, the company’s predecessor, the Guangzhou Sea Taifu Company, was set up, together with the China Livestock Research Centre, which is mainly involved in the production and marketing of water pre-destinations, and in April 1998, the Kaa Fish Branch was set up in the north of the lake to start full-cost production. In 2001, the company’s water-push market took over.
In 2002-2003, the Guangzhou Taicheon Feeding Company, the Tianhai Sea Precipitation Company, and the Guangzhou Sea Feeding Company were set up to move gradually into the South China Feeding Market and to promote the expansion of South China's aquatic feed from granules to inflated materials (2003-2007); to increase the layout of operations.
Specialized financial and production centres have set up a model for the control of “group professional centres plus molecular companies.” From 2003 to 2005, companies such as China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and South-West.
In 2010-2011, the company formed the Chinese Central Region, the South China Region, the Department of Shrimp Industries, and the Group Pigs Department to optimize the group’s business management model. With many years of effort, the company’s molecular companies at this stage have reached more than 40 companies.
In 2011, the company, in cooperation with the Dragon Biologicals, formed the Viet Nam Ilong Company to join the foreign market. The period of acquisition consolidation (2012-2016): consolidation of acquisitions, multi-line development.
In 2013, the company acquired the Guangdong Modern Agricultural Group Institute, the Guangzhou City and the Riviera Animal Medicine Company, which began research and production on animal vaccines, veterinary medicines, aquatic microecological agents, and veterinary microecological preparations, and the company’s dynamic conservation industry grew. In 2014, the company proposed “a firmer service, a firmer business”.
In 2018, the company sold more than 10 million tons of feed and increased its profitability steadily. In 2021, the company's business plates were stable and sound, building up a “one-wing” industry.
Through these channels, companies continue to deep-plough the dominant South China market, enhancing development in the North, China, and East China regions, and actively developing overseas markets. In business development, companies focus on feed as their core business, building an integrated core competition system for the entire industry chain, with the company’s feed market ranked second in the market in 2021.
1.2 The company has a stable equity structure and is the company’s first major shareholder. Xuehua, Chairman of the China Group, holds 39.75% of the shares of the Guangzhou City Haiyan Investment Company Ltd., and indirectly shares in the Sea Group, which is the company’s actual controller.
The Bank of Commerce and Industry, Inc. - the Great Wall’s Emerging Mixed Securities Investment Fund holds more than 2 per cent of the shares of the Great Sea Group, with a share ratio of 4.98 per cent and 2.59 per cent, respectively. 1.3 Feeding is the core business of the company and poultry feed is the main product group.
At present, the company’s operations cover mainly fodder, agricultural products, trade, motor security, and others. In this case, the company’s feed products consist mainly of water feed, poultry feed, pig feed, and so on.
Microecological products, vaccines, veterinary medicines, etc. used by livestock, animal seedlings are mainly aquatic seedlings, such as shrimp seedlings and fish seedlings. Forage operations generate business income of $36,393 million, or 78.56% of business income. Agricultural, trade and dynamic animal feed is the core category of company feed.
In 2021, the company sold 9.44 million tons, or 50.45 per cent, of its poultry feed, and 4.67 million tons of water feed and 4.6 million tons of pig food, respectively, or 24.96 per cent and 24.59 per cent, respectively.
The company, as the leader of the feed industry in the country, has continued to grow deep, expanding its reach and region, and has grown steadily in recent years. Since 2011-2020, pig prices have recovered, pig production has performed better than the season rings, and the company’s feed business has performed better than in the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters of 2022, corporate growth was robust, and profits improved significantly. In January-September 2022, the company achieved revenue of 78,955 million yuan, an increase of 22.77 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 2,102 million yuan, an increase of 20.34 per cent in the same year.
2. We are the world ' s largest feeder industry, with multiple factors driving industry up, and we are the world ' s leading feed industry, with pig feed as the main category of feed. Since 1991, we have been the second largest feed producer in the world after the United States. In 2011, we produced more feed than anything else.
In the last decade, our feed production has grown steadily, from 181 million tons in 2011 to 253 million tons in 2020, at an average annual compound rate of about 4 per cent. With the restoration of our pig production capacity and the continued development of aquaculture and anti-sort farming, our feed industry grew by 293 million tons in 2021, a corresponding increase of 16.09 per cent.
The share of the global feed industry is 21.16 per cent, the world’s highest. Since the second quarter of 2022, the production of pig production has been driven by a decline in demand for raw feed, a decline in the production of more poultry, and a similar slowdown in our feed production in the previous October of this year. In January-October 2022, our feed production was 266 million tons, an increase of 2.4 per cent.
Pig feed is the first type of feed in the country. By category, pig feed is the first type of feed in the country. In 2021, the production of pig feed in the country was 131 million tons, or 44.56 per cent. Avian and aquatic feed are the second and third largest groups of fodder in the country, with 121 million tons and 123 million tons, respectively, in 2021.
41.37 per cent versus 7.81 per cent. 2.2 The industrial output and harvest of the feed industry in our country have increased twofold in recent years.
In 2016-2018, industrial production in the feed industry increased from 801.4 billion yuan to 887.2 billion yuan, and in the feed industry, from 777.78 billion yuan to 868.9 billion yuan. In 2019, as a result of factors such as the African pigpest, the total industrial output in the feed industry fell by the same amount as in the country.
With the effects of the control of the African swine plague and the high stock of poultry, the country’s feed industry’s gross industrial output and harvests are warming. In 2021, our feed industry’s industrial output and operating income were $123.4 billion and $116.87 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 29.28 per cent and 28.81 per cent, respectively, in recent years.
Figure 11: Gross industrial output and increase in the feed industry, 2016-2021
In recent years, the feed industry has been growing in scale. Since 2005, some small businesses with low operational capacity and low risk resistance have been developing.
In recent years, the number of feed companies with advantages such as size, cost, etc. has increased, and the size of the feed industry has continued to increase. According to the Chinese Association of Feed Industry, the number of feed companies has declined from 15518 in 2005 to 5016 in 2019.
Between 2019 and 2021, the number of feed-processing enterprises producing more than 100,000 tons per year increased from 621 to 957 and the share of business production increased from 46.60 per cent to 60.30 per cent; the number of feed-processing enterprises producing more than 1 million tons per year increased from 31 to a low concentration in our feed industry.
In 2021, cr3 and cr5 were the first in the country to produce, with a share of the country ' s feed production of 28,541.4 million tons and 9.70% of the world ' s feed production.
Not 6.70% compared to 1.80%, which is the second and third highest concentration in the country. Compared to the concentration of more than 30% in Germany and Japan, cr3, we still have a low peak concentration in the feed industry.
In the current situation in the feed industry, the short-term effects of the pig cycle are expected to lead to an increase in the demand for feed. In the long run, the per capita consumption of meat, policies, etc., are driving the country to move ahead in the feed industry. (1) The per capita consumption of meat has increased in recent years, driving the demand for feed.
In recent years, per capita consumption of meat has increased, driving demand for feed. According to the National Statistical Office, per capita consumption of pork, cattle and sheep rose steadily from 32.20 kg/year to 41.40 kg/year between 2017 and 2021. At present, per capita consumption of meat is above the global average, but below the level of developed countries.
An FAO agricultural outlook shows that in 2021 per capita consumption of pork, cattle and sheep was 34.28 kg/year and 68.77 kg/year respectively in both developed and developing countries. By category, per capita consumption of pork is higher than per capita in global and developed countries due to consumption habits, but per capita consumption of poultry, beef and lamb is below the global average.
In the future, as the standard of living of the population increases and health awareness increases, it is expected that per capita consumption of meat in our country will continue to grow, thus driving the increase in demand for feed. Figure 16: Per capita consumption of pork, cattle and sheep in our country, 2017-2021 (kg/year)
In February 2022, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs issued the 14th Five-Year National Plan for the Development of the Herb Industry, which states that 2025
During the year, the pattern of coordinated production, processing and flow of grass was initially set, with a marked reduction in the gap in quality grass. Of this amount, the country produced 98 million tons of good grass, with over 80 per cent of the demand for grass, over 70 per cent of the overall self-sufficiency of grass seeds and over 65 per cent of the mechanized production and processing of fodder (grass). In December 2021, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development issued the following figures:
In October 2021, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs promulgated the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on the promotion of agriculture.
By the end of 2025, there will be more than 2,000 national priority agro-industrial enterprises and more than 500 national agro-industrial focus groups, leading to high-quality rural development.
Policies such as the Opinion on the Promotion of Quality Development in the Livestock Industry, the 13th Five-Year Development Plan for the National Feeding Industry, and the Opinions on the Sustainable and Healthy Development of the Feeding Industry have been adopted at various times, and the importance of the Feeding Industry has been identified in a number of ways as a catalyst for the development of the feed industry in the country.
The three-year programme of action for the rehabilitation and development of pig production and the implementation of the programme for the regulation and management of pig production contribute to the country’s relative stability in the production of pigs and pigs, and to the stabilization of pig demand. The country’s policy on the feed industry has helped to move the feed industry towards a process of regularization and health.
(iii) The increase in the supply of pig feed, the increase in the demand for feed, the increase in the supply of pig feed, and the increase in the demand for feed. Generally speaking, the feed industry lags behind the cycle in the farming industry. When the supply is low, the relative stability of downstream demand makes the production cycle more attractive.
In contrast, when the farm supply increases, there is a loss in the farm business. As a result of the increase in the farm supply, there is a corresponding increase in the rigid demand for the feed. Thus, in general, there is a positive correlation with the feed production. According to data from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, the country has been able to keep a large stock of pigs and pigs since 2022.5
The monthly ring has risen, and by October 2022 it has been positive for six months. According to the pig-farming cycle, it takes about 10 months to get a pig out, and it is expected that the supply of pig-bearing supplies will rise again around the first quarter of 2023, leading to an increase in the demand for pig feed.
The company's multi-dimensional layout, improving its competitiveness, 3.1 whole industry chain layout, leading the feed scale, is expected to grow steadily.
In the early years of its existence, the company was mainly engaged in the production and marketing of water-related materials. After many years of technological inputs and production, the company’s industrial-chain layout has been gradually refined, and the scope of its operations has gradually covered the upper and lower parts of the farming chain.
In addition, the company provides pet food, gold, and gold in its business development.
Currently, the company’s feed products consist mainly of pig feed, poultry feed, aqueous feed, anti-smelling and premixing, and are rarely produced in the country simultaneously for fish, shrimp, pig, meat, or poultry feed. The company’s feed is quite large and competitive.
Forage sales, which account for about 6.69 per cent of the country’s total feed production, is the second largest in the country’s feed industry, maintaining a leading position in the industry. By category, the company’s aqueous feed technology and size have developed and are now at a leading global level; Livestock feed is among the top 10 in the domestic industry, with a technological and industrial advantage in the regional market.
In 2021, companies ranked third in the world in terms of the scale of production and sales of feed companies.
Guangdong, among others, covers four major brands: Hydra, UCK, Hélinger, and the product lines include, inter alia, bio-epidemiology, veterinary medicine, animal microecological agents, and nutritional immune products. In recent years, the company’s dynamic maintenance business has gained momentum, amounting to hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 20.49%. In seedling operations, the company has the world’s leading research and development technology for shrimp seedlings and fresh water fish seedlings.
The new varieties of fish production in many countries, such as the Vannabin shrimp “Hennon 2” and the dharma hybrid, have been developed, and a core professional team of “cooperative experts + doctor + master + professional technicians” has been set up, which has been recognized by four countries as a multi-billion dollar aquatic product, with a 25.67 per cent increase in operating income from shrimp seedlings.
The model for combining “self-emerging” with “companying + family farms.” The “self-emerging + family farms” are self-sustaining, creating a system of ancestral-parent-commodity pig farming through seeding and breeding, separating them from breeding, and ensuring that the farming process is safe and manageable. The “company + family farms” model is that companies provide family farmers with seedlings, feed, vaccines, etc.
At present, the company is continuously focusing on capacity-building of pig-breeding teams and the development of a home-grown seeding system, and further upgrading of team management and expertise.
In the first half of 2022, the company produced about 1.6 million meat pigs.
He is working to help families improve their farming environment, prevent and control animal diseases, reduce disease and damage, achieve healthy, safe and manageable farming processes, reduce the cost of farming, and improve its efficiency.
Hellinger, immuno-lead for animal vaccine, animal health specialist.
Work on the establishment of an in-depth, customized system for the prevention and control of large-scale pigs farms to ensure the safe, stable and economically efficient prevention and control of diseases, and on the promotion and control of diseases and the improvement of the management of breeding, with a view to raising the level of farming and the sustainable health development of farmers.
South China is a core business area for companies, with multi-regional layouts, and actively expands overseas markets. From the domestic market, the company focuses on South China, which is currently a core business area for companies with a revenue ratio of more than 40%. In the first half of 2022, the company earned $28.885 billion in South China.
While developing the core business areas, the company has a multi-regional layout, covering areas such as North China, Central China, and East China. Of these, the North China market is the second-largest priority market for companies, accounting for more than 21% in the first half of 2022. To further enhance market influence, companies are actively expanding their markets abroad and operating abroad.
Formerly, companies had been operating abroad in South Asia, South-East Asia, the Americas, Africa, etc., and had established subsidiaries in a number of countries, including Viet Nam, Singapore, the United States, India, Indonesia and Ecuador, with a steady increase in market competitiveness.
In terms of geographical distribution, Guangdong Province has the largest number of subsidiaries, followed by Shandong. In terms of business model, the company has adopted a “centre plus molecule” approach.
The Division's operating model, for which feed products are produced locally, provides specialized support to and is managed by technical institutes, procurement centres, financial centres, factory operations centres, marketing centres, process and information management centres, human resources centres, etc., for the procurement of raw materials, product formulations, technical guidance, etc.
The company focused on research and development and continued to increase its investment in research and development (R & D). In the course of its operations, the company focused on research and development (R & D) production and set up a research centre at the beginning of its operation to build a industry-led whole-sector R & D system around breeding, nutrition, health, farming and food, with a steady increase in R & D investment. In 2017-2021, the investment in R & D increased from R & D to R & D from R & D of R & D to R & D of R & D of R & D of R .
The company has built up a three-tier R & D system and seven major R & D directions. While increasing the input of applied technology, it has focused on strengthening the technology platform of the business modules in the industrial chain, resulting in a three-tier R & D system ranging from platform technology research to application technology development to system solutions applications.
Sustainable development and innovation forces; a secondary R & D system that is market-oriented, reduces the cost of products and keeps pace with market demand; a third level R & D system that provides direct end-holders, improves the efficiency of their owners and creates value for them. Through the effective titles of the tertiary R & D system and the operational mechanisms of the “Institut + Molecular Corporation” effectively promote the transformation and application of scientific and technological results.
At the same time, the company conducts research on seven main research and development directions, namely animal genetics and breeding, animal nutrition and feed, animal medicine and biopharmaceuticals, microbiology, biochemistry, protein engineering, and healthy farming, and continuously improves the three levels of research and development system, which can effectively support, drive and serve the demands of the rapid development of the entire industrial chain of the group.
Figure 33: The company ' s three-tier R & D system and seven major R & D directions
R & D systems are market-oriented, lower product costs, tight R & D systems are market-oriented, lower product costs, tight corporate R & D is strong and more competitive than comparable companies. After many years of R & D inputs, R & D
In the field of scientific research, companies run three national and industry standards, invent new aquatic varieties in five countries, produce more than 300 high-technology products in more than 300 provinces, have more than 300 patents, publish more than 200 academic papers and register for five new veterinary medicines.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company invested $512 million in R & D, which is the first company to be listed in the same industry. In 2021, the number of R & D staff in the company was 3049, the ratio of R & D staff to R & D staff was 9.09% and R & D staff.
The largest number of companies are listed in the same industry, with the third largest number of R & D workers. 3.4 Sustained expansion of production capacity, expected steady release, and continued expansion of production capacity, expected steady release.
In the first half of the year, the company purchased fixed assets, intangible assets, and others.
The cash he paid in his long-term assets amounted to 2,824 million yuan, an increase of 468 million yuan. Of this amount, investments in feed business were estimated at 1.7 billion yuan, and in pig farming, aquaculture seedlings and aquaculture were estimated at 700 million yuan and 200 million yuan respectively. At the same time, the company continued to optimize its production capacity according to the strategic objective of selling 40 million tons of feed, with eight new feed bases in the first half of the year.
Some 2 million tons of additional capacity are still being built, and close to 30 feed production bases are still under construction. In addition, companies are continuing to invest in seedlings, motor security, farming, etc., and are expected to release their productive capacity steadily. Table 4: Status of corporate debt-transferable fund-raising investment projects
The company has a professional management team. Most of its members are graduates of agricultural higher education institutions, have a strong professional background, management has a strong industry perspective, leadership and enforcement, and have a rich practice in the feed industry.
After years of development, the company has gained some influence in the market. While developing its business, it is also actively developing its equity incentive and its workforce.
In terms of equity incentives, the company introduced equity options or restricted stock incentives in 2010, 2014, 2016 and 2021, respectively, with corresponding provisions for performance appraisal annual benchmarks.
At present, four issues of the company’s core team-employee scheme have been published. A series of incentives have been put in place to improve the company’s long-term incentives, effectively binding the core workforce and the company’s interests and, to some extent, stimulating the company’s potential for development.
4.1 Profitability comparative analysis Continues deep farming operations and expands the regional layout of operations, with a steady increase in profitability. From 2017 to 2020, the company ' s Māori ratio suffered a loss from its colonial business, the company ' s profit level declined, and the Māori rate and net interest rate decreased by 3.17 percentage points, respectively
In terms of structure, companies continue to optimize their cost structures in their development, and in recent years the overall rate has declined. Net corporate interest rates are higher in the industry.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company had a Māori rate of 9.03%, which was in a middle-class position compared to the average company. Given the company’s better cost control, the period cost was lower, the company’s net profit was going faster than the accounts receivable, and the company, as a leader in the feed industry, had its feed products.
A certain degree of competitiveness in the market, and a certain amount of word for channelers, has enabled companies to move their inventory faster than their receivables and to be among the top comparable companies. In the first three quarters of 2022, the stock turnover of companies was 7.60 times, the fourth highest among comparable companies; the accounts receivable turnover was 32.96 times, and in comparable companies.
The company, as the leader of the feed industry in our country, is building a comprehensive core system of competition for the entire industrial chain, increasing the size of the feed, continuing to optimize its product structure, and ranking second in the market in 2021. According to the pig-breeding cycle, the supply of raw pigs is expected to pick up in the first quarter of 2023.
Meanwhile, the demand for poultry feed is expected to rise as poultry production recovers, and aquaculture, anti-thin and pet feed is expected to increase steadily. In the long run, companies have a core competitive advantage and continue to drive the entire chain of industry. 1) Extreme weather effects.
When natural factors, such as typhoons, change abnormally, there may be significant fluctuations in the number of farming columns, or even an outbreak of disease, which may affect the demand for feed. (2) The new crown outbreak has been repeated in some parts of the country, with material transport controls, human mobility, etc.
Isolation, for example, has an impact on the normal operation of the company. At the same time, the new crown has a high incidence, which has a certain impact on catering and end-use consumption, affecting both the livestock industry and the feed industry. (3) A massive outbreak of disease occurs.
Short-term reduction of demand for feed. Moreover, the prevalence of major animal disease affects consumer psychology to some extent, affecting end demand, leading to a gradual downturn in livestock production, thereby affecting feed demand. (4) The price of raw materials is subject to volatility.
Changes in material dynamics and timely strategic management of procurement and risk control will make it possible to face the risk of combined procurement costs (5) exchange rate fluctuations. Companies are now expanding steadily in terms of the size of their overseas investments and operations, the size of cross-border financial settlements and the stock of overseas assets has increased considerably.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.