A sophisticated "intellectual" leads the new energy track, starting on December 28, 2022.
In 2018, the company was listed through a reverse acquisition, followed by a steady increase in revenue and a sustained improvement in profitability. In 2021, it was affected by the epidemic.
The rise in raw materials, among other factors, has affected short-term profitability, with companies actively setting up new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, 2022 q1-3 to generate $24,669 million, yoy + 14.06 per cent, net return to non-mothers, $1.398 billion, yoy + 36.38 per cent. Companies have a global production base and overseas operations are widely distributed in the United States.
Countries, France, Brazil, India, etc., have laid the foundation for high-speed growth. \triangleright acquired battery structures like Zhejiang Jintai, layout power cell cores, aluminium shells, lids, relays, and soft connections. \triangleright acquired battery structures like Zhejiang.
Sub-products. Four major production bases have been built in Lake, Su, Yiyang and Fu Ding, and will continue to benefit from the increased capacity of the s010521120004 power batteries and the rapid growth of new energy vehicles. 2) Photovolt: the company has moved to overseas production bases.
The international leading clean energy client sells micro-photo-reverse transformers, and the ability of odm to do so is highlighted by the branding effect of intervening in Li Xiaoqing's inverter manufacturing market. Woodmackenzie predicts a slight global reversal in 2025.
The volume is 29.41gw and the penetration rate is expected to reach 16.4 per cent, and companies will continue to benefit in the future from the increased capacity of the offshore photovoltaic market and the creation of new growth points in performance.) Ar/vr: Siozhou leaders can provide international large clients with a sophisticated structural solutions of ar/vr integration, shares in the ar/vr area and single-organasp.
One hundred million. A client's mr product is expected to be launched at 23q1. Focus on precision devices, building a one-stop platform in combination. 1) Focus on precision functions and structures.
The dollar grew to $22,168 million, with a capr of 11.47% and a 21-year income of 72.96%. The company’s output products are mainly slash, cnc, pressurized, and assembled in five major categories, with plastics, metals, and so on.
2) Upstream materials: The original magnetic operations for gyromagnetized magnetic materials can provide raw materials for companies' wireless chargers, 5g communications, etc., while the companies develop carbon fibres, mims, etc., pavement operations, vertical layout co-benefits are evident. 3) Downstream modules and assembly: priority layout chargers, wireless chargers, radiated modules, horses
(a) Module areas such as das, filaments, etc.; among these, the company has expanded the operation of chargers, wireless chargers, etc., with the help of the acquisition of Finland's Selkens, and has a full assembly capacity of smt and fatp.
In the Vaud area, the company's market share is expected to increase continuously, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. \triangleright1
1.1 The journey to development: model development, extended internal and external M & As, ten years old, three rounds of development to build a chain of consumer electronic precision products. The company was formed in 2006 and began with the development of a technology-based system company, which is primarily involved in modelling, and then gradually expanded its scope.
More specifically, the course of corporate development can be divided into three phases, not just 2006-2008, 2009-2013 and 2014-2017.
Phase I: Initial start-up period (2006-2008), where the company focused on modelling operations, with Nokia, Neporo, Biade and Fuscane groups, cut into the apple industry chain in 2008; Phase II: build-up into the long term (2009-2013), where the company started laying, cnc, 2009
\triangleright Hardware and assembly operations, with products serving apples also expanding from ipod to iphone, ipad, imac, macbook products and parts for their accessories, to the stage of growth;
Phase III: Rapid development period (2014-2017), after a long build-up, companies enter the \triangleright phase of rapid growth after 2014. In addition to large clients, companies actively expand their domestic brand clients: in 2014
Vivo, in 2015, into the Opo supply chain, and in 2016, into the Chinese supply chain. At the same time, the company set up a sub-division of Togashi, Chengdu, Dongtai, Dongtai, Chengzhou, etc., to boost its productive capacity; in addition, the company planned an out-of-market M&A, which it acquired in 2015-2017.
Reversely, the purchase of gyromagnetized magnetic materials is on the market, and operations have developed into fast-tracks. The gyromagnets were established in 1975, and the main business was the development, production and sale of magnetic materials until 2014, for the specialized production of electronic components such as iron-oxymagnetium, iron-oxymagnetium softmagnetium, rare earth-magnetium, and so on.
In 2018, back-to-back acquisitions of jiang powder magnets were made, followed by continuous consolidation of the scope of operations. Upwards up to materials operations, down-to-down acquisitions of extra-structured (Oriental Colours), chargers (Selcon) and new-energy vehicles (Thai Electronics), products are widely used in consumer electronics, communications, object networking, automobiles, clean energy, medical care.
Figure 1: Reciprocal development history Figure 2: Reciprocal creation of major affiliates 1.2 Business architecture: Focus on consumer electronics, vertical integration of business structures
Materials-parts-modules-precision assemblies are vertically integrated up-and-down, building a one-stop intellectual platform. For many years, the company's field of precision parts has been developed, starting with modelling, vertically integrating components up-and-down extension of industrial chain layouts, from parts manufacturing and modules assembly to whole machine processing assembly.
Accurate functional and structural components (68.08 per cent of the 2022h1 battalion), chargers (2022h1 camp apples, hmov, etc.); at the horizontal level, companies cut into new energy fuels by +296.75 per cent of the year, based on the focus on consumer electronics.
Figure 3: Ingenuity in the field of business, you have a global production base. Ingenuity in the provision of services to the global market, both within and outside the country, there are currently East China, Shenzhen, Jiangmen, Suzhou, Toyota, Tinless, Chengdu, Chengzhou, Chengzhou.
Production bases, etc., with a wide distribution of overseas operations in the United States, France, Brazil, India, Viet Nam.
Corporate equity structure is stable. As of the semi-annual report in 2022, the company ' s actual controller, director, and indirectly through winning investments held 60.58% of the shares, with more concentrated shares. Other shareholders combined stockholding incentives tied long-term interests, and employees ' shareholding plans to improve corporate cohesion.
The performance test targets are 2022/2023/2024 as compared to 2021 operating income, and figure 6: Staff Holding Plan costs amortized in 2022 (millions of US dollars).
1.4 Financial position: Steady increase in revenue collection, improved profitability Steady increase in revenue collection and improved profitability. In 2018-2021, companies earned 225.00 operating income, were listed and incorporated into public company statements, and revenue from sophisticated functions and structured business increased significantly, with companies operating on the same basis.
The increase was over 130%. As a result of successive incidents of gold and bulk merchandise trade advances in the former corporate system, the net return performance of the company was somewhat affected. In 2019, the company stopped trading in bulk commodities, focusing on the main sector, with revenues increasing by between 6,29% and 23,916 million yuan, and the net return was equal to the net profit.
The high profile of the market for smart hardware, such as clothing, and the company ' s success in taking advantage of the industry ' s opportunities and in matching the import of new products from its customers, achieved a reverse growth in 2020, with an increase of 17,67 per cent to $28,143 million in revenue on the same basis, and a net gain for mothers of 19.59 per cent to $2,266 million on the same basis.
In 2021, the company collected $30,384 million, an increase of 7.97 per cent. At the same time, $490 million in asset impairments was credited to the mother ' s net profit of $1,180 million, or 47,93 per cent. During the first three quarters of 2022, the company continued to consume electronics by adding codes and was active.
New lanes such as car photovoltaics, improved profitability, 2022q1-q3 company revenues of $24,669 million, together with the consumer electronics base plate, the new track sails. The company’s main business plates now include sophisticated functions and structures, materials, chargers, automobiles, etc., and their products are widely used for consumer electronics, vehicle carriers, etc.
Controls, smart security, smart clothing, smart homes, new materials, new energy vehicles, etc. In 2018, the Department's main operating income was 14,356 million yuan, or 63.81 per cent;
There was a slight decline, overall at around 20 per cent, with a rise in the Māori rate of material operations, which reached 13.31 per cent in 2020, a decline in the Māori rate as a result of the restructuring of the company ' s business classification and its incorporation into the Fine Packing Service, and an increase in Māori fluctuations and a gradual stabilization of net interest rates as a result of changes in the business structure.
In 2021, Māori was affected by the downside effects of consumer electronic downstream industries and shrinking demand, while companies adjusted the layout of their operations to focus on automobiles, photovoltaics, and so on. With the expansion of productive capacity, Māori ratios emerged.
In 2022, the q1-3 Māori rate was 19.74 per cent. With regard to net interest rates, the company ' s 2018-Selcon and business growth resulted in an increase in management costs, mainly due to the implementation of equity incentives and the acquisition of Selkán ' s intermediary services. The rate fell to 4.44 per cent during the 2021q1-3 period, mainly due to financial costs.
Two high-quality track east winds, cars, photovoltaics, ar/vr climate resonance 2.1 new energy vehicles: acquisition of Zhejiang Jintai, introduction of new energy vehicles, rapid penetration of 2.1.1 electric vehicles and changes in the distribution of value in the industrial chain
New energy cars continue to have a low penetration rate, with significant future growth space. Thanks to good performance, policy support, and increasing popular acceptance, new energy cars are being sold at a new high. According to the China-China Air Association, the global volume of new energy vehicles was 6.74 million in 2021, an increase of 49% compared to the rate of penetration of new energy vehicles.
While the penetration rate of new energy vehicles has gradually increased, our market for smart cars is growing steadily, with great potential. According to the data and projections for automobile homes, in 2021 the penetration rate of smart cars in China was about 20% and above.
With the upgrading of autopilot and network technology, it is expected that, by 2025, China will have 10 million smart cars and more, with a corresponding penetration rate of 49.3 per cent.
The shift in the response chain towards flatening and diversifying web-like ecology, the erosion of the traditional Tier1 voice, and the opportunity for electronic companies to quickly cut into the car supply chain became the new Tier1+oem=odm Tier1: 1) missing core: by the end of 2020, the missing core price became the main melody in the semiconductor industry, with multiple car companies.
The whole factory started to cross the traditional tier1, tier2, directly to the chip manufacturer, and was actively involved in financing the chip industry. Industrial capital investments, such as the wide-bang-on-the-bite industry, were made. 2) Smart targets: in the traditional business, the tier1 delivery package is a "black box" package for hardware and software.
There's limited upstream participation in the garage as a whole. In the trend of intelligence, the traditional factory as a whole is active upstream core technology, the layout of smart software, the cloud-end program.
Disconium and the establishment of the “diigitalcar & service” department to build their own smart cabin platform. 2.1.2 The power cell market continues to be dynamic, the precision of the structure requires a high rate of growth in the new-energy automobile industry and a marked increase in the demand for battery structures.
And it is projected that global lithium cell output in 2019 will be 163.2gwhh, an increase of 52.5 per cent in the same year, and that by 2025 it is projected to be 669gwh, cagr, about 15.8 per cent.
The composition of the building blocks, mainly aluminium/steel shells, sheets, connectors, security structures, etc., will have a direct impact on the sealing of the battery, energy density, etc. The rapid growth of the new energy vehicle will lead to a rapid pull-up of the sophisticated structure unicycle, which, according to a survey of consultants, is expected to be 15 billion in 2025.
The ratio of materials in different material systems and types of powered lithium cell material varies considerably, and generally the precise structure accounts for between 10% and 16% of the cost of the material. As an important raw material for the powered lithium cell, the fine structure is used to transmit energy, carry the electrolyte, protect safety, fix the support cell, look, etc.
Parts require specific features such as interconnectivity, seismicity, evasiveness, corrosiveness, dry resistance, and electrostatic resistance, depending on the application environment. As new energy vehicles are imported into high-voltage platforms, the performance of the three power units will be enhanced. Lithium cell precision structures have a direct impact on the safety, isolation, energy efficiency, etc.
2.1.3 Extension of the acquisition of Kantai, support for car operations, acquisition of Zhejiang Jintai and entry of new energy vehicles.
The company acquired Zhejiang Jintai in June 2021. Founded in 2017, the Zhejiang Jintai patent for battery cap technology was applied for in 2018, and produced in 2019. Since then, new energy-powered battery casings, covers, soft connections, nickel-reclamation and production projects have been launched, and partnerships have been established with suppliers of passenger vehicles such as Mercedes, BMW, Porsche, etc.
Tesla, as a new client in 2020, demonstrated its excellent technological R & D and business outreach capabilities. Research and development, production capacity, and scale advantages accumulated over many years in various structural product lines as a way to expand the horizontal layout of market entry points and adapt to the competition for the new energy automobile industry as it moves forward.
At the same time, the company has been expanding and has built four major production bases in Zhejiang, Jiangsusu, Jiang Susuyang, Fujian Fukuyan, and now the main product of the automobile business is the power cell structure.
In the future, the company will gradually import sophisticated manufacturing, automated intelligence systems in the consumer electronics sector, enhance its competitive advantage, and adapt to the depth of the new energy automobile industry by 2.2 luminous volts: an increased overseas layout, a dynamic inverter market.
2.2.1 The global photovoltaic market has opened up a pattern of acceleration, while the development of storage reversors has continued to expand in recent years, driven by the multi-country “carbon neutral” goal and the transformation of clean energy sources, to provide China with a wider market space for photovoltage out of the sea.
The growth is significant, rising from 390.2gw to 843.1gw, with a capr of 21.2%. According to the China Commercial and Industrial Research Institute, the cumulative global photovoltaic load is projected to reach 1055.5gw in 2023.
The world’s new storage markets continued to grow at a high rate in 2021. According to the Chinese Institute of Commerce and Industry, at the end of 2021, the cumulative capacity of the project was 209.4gw, an increase of 9% from the previous year.
18.3gw, an increase of 185% over the same period. Cnesa expects that the demand for storage capacity will continue to grow over the next few years, with a cumulative capacity of 228.8gw in 2023 for the global delivery energy project. In 2021, China accounted for a larger share of 31.4% of the global market for new photovoltaics, 15.3% for the European Union and 15.3% for the United States, respectively.
2.2.2 Power generation is more efficient and safe, with micro-reverse steps into fast lanes, and the distribution ratio of photovoltaic power systems continues to rise. The photovoltaic system can be divided into off-grid power generation systems.
Combining grid-connected power generation systems, in which grid-connected power generation systems are generally divided into centralized photovoltaic stations and distributed photovoltaic systems. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2021, the national photovoltaic installed capacity was 54.88gw, with a fraction of the additional photovoltaic installed capacity of 29.28gw, representing approximately 53.4 per cent of all new photovoltaic installed units.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the national light voltage installed 52.60gw, with the distributed light voltage adding 35.33gw, the industrial and commercial distribution of light voltage has gradually become the main power of the distributed loader.
Machine 11.23gw, 36%; distributed new loaders, 19.65gw, 64%. Of this, households have high conversion efficiency, high safety, and a rising penetration rate of microreversers. Microreversers, also known as component-level inverters, are used mainly for smaller distribution scenarios of power generation, and are part of the component-level electronics technology.
Typical applications in photovoltaic systems. Microreversers are more efficient than centralized inverters and cluster inverters, with a system conversion rate of more than 90%. Moreover, microreverters have only a few dozen volts of direct current voltage, which significantly reduces safety risks.
As the photovoltaic industry evolves in terms of markets and technology, the era of photovoltaic parity Internet access is beginning, the business logic of the chain of production is gradually changing, and distributed photovoltaics are becoming an important point of growth in subsequent photovoltaic markets. Microreverses are expected to grow more as the best option for small, component-level distributed power systems.
Clear. According to Woodmackenzie and the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the penetration rate of the global microreverser in the distributional market remained between 2 and 5%. At this point, as the price of electricity for the global population soars, the microreverser, as a more safe and efficient product, will accelerate its penetration in the photovoltaic area of household use throughout 2025.
The projected output of the ball ' s microreverser is 29.41gw, with a penetration rate of 16.4 per cent, and figure 28: global output of the microreverser, 2016-2025e (gw) figure 27: working principles of the microreverser
Micro-reversers. North America, especially the United States, has a very early rise in the distribution of light from the early start of the North American distribution, and has a micro-reverse market leader. From the point of view of the delivery, North America, especially the United States, has an early rise in the distribution of light from the early start.
In terms of market competition patterns, the market share was 77.8% in 2020, and domestic firms were able to produce energy.
A total of 20.2 per cent of the total share of the market is represented by the emergence of a technology- and-power-based share in the global market for micro-reversers in 2020. Figure 30: Global competitive patterns in the market for micro-reversers in 2020.
By selling micro-photo-reverse transformer products in bulk, clients in the field rely on the power of a more powerful inverter, which has gradually developed an odm capability with branding effects to intervene in the inverter manufacturing market, and is expected to increase overseas deployments in the future, including through cooperation with existing manufacturers and conduits.
Figure 31: Photovoltaic reverse transformer product 2.3ar/vr: Virtual real-market traps are now in place, card core client advantage vr industry drops are in place and fast-discharges are expected. Vr gyroscope data and projections, 2021
The global volume of vr is 1.1 million, an increase of 66 per cent, with 10 million pieces of hardware equipment out of the industry, 2021-2025 capr reaching 77.43 per cent. On the ar side, vr gyroscopes forecast, global figure 32 in 2025: global vr head volume (million)
Figure 33: Global exposure of ar glasses (millions) is close to drying up at the scale of the global virtual real market, with ar and content applications becoming the top growth point. Institutions such as the Institute are believed to have a global virtual real market of about 87 billion yuan in 2020, of which vr market is estimated to be the largest.
The global virtual real industry is expected to grow at an average annual compound rate of about 40% over the five-year period 2020-2024, with an increase of about 34% in vr, an increase of about 49% in the ar, and a combined industrial size of 47.2 billion yuan in 2024. In terms of industrial structure, the endware market is the largest.
Bit, in 2020 it is believed that, as traditional industries become digitally transformed and as the cost of information is raised, the market for content applications will grow rapidly, with the endware market expected to be larger than the core card customers in 2024, the niche areas will take the lead in ar/vr, and the market space is wide.
At present, the company has entered into a strategic partnership with leading manufacturers to take over mainstream products, using such processes as molting, cnc, emplacing, pressing, etc., which is expected to increase at a rapid rate as “virtual reality plus” innovations are applied to productive life.
At the beginning of 2021, the Uttar Pradesh factory was acquired as an important production base in the Bay of Australasia region. The facility will combine the assembly and preparation of the tws and the iot operations, with a focus on the development of the ar and vr operations.
Ar, vr products provide integrated solutions for fine-recorded structures. Figure 36: nrealar glasses. Figure 35: vr glasses disassembly.
3 Focus Precision Devices Industry, building a one-stop platform in a single-stop shop 3.1 Focus Centre: Continuous Collection of Precision Functions, asp+ Shares of Two-Screen 3.1.1 Precision Functions: Upstream and Downstream Connecting Platform, one-stop scale Business Advantages highlighted
Precision devices are an important part of a smart terminal component, providing a variety of products that achieve a particular function.
A protective film, electromagnetic shield, conductor, dust net, insulation, marking products, hardeners, functional buttons, etc. shall be used between functional modules or components of communications equipment, computers, mobile phones, automobile electronics, etc., to achieve glue, protection, jamming, heat control, dust protection, insulation, marking, etc.
Consumer electronics are the main applications, and the advantages of one-stop-scale enterprises are highlighted. Precision features, as the subject of intelligent end-components, are a variety of types of metal materials and various models of double-faced glue, foam, heat-melt glue, conductive fabrics, web veils, graphite, protective membranes, and off-the-shelf materials.
Facing electronic terminals, including modules, assembly and terminal plants. The precision functional device industry, as an up-to-date industrial chain, effectively addresses the contradiction between upstream material standardization and downstream demand diversification, and with the spread of smart terminals like 5g, aiot and others, there is much prospects for future development.
Figure 38: Accurate functional device industry chains have a larger number of sophisticated structurers worldwide, and trends in head effects have been highlighted. Smartly crafted precision devices products include two major categories: structural and functional.
Intelligent power, carbon meta-technology, etc., products covering, inter alia, moths, pressurization, cnc, hardening, etc., are widely used in the field of consumer electronics, medical devices, and new energy vehicles. In recent years, with the increase in the number of shipments from well-known branders, there has also been a higher demand on the manufacturing and delivery capacity of sophisticated structural processors, small and medium-sized manufacturers.
It has become marginalized, has no conditions for continued access to the large customer supply chain, and has increased the concentration of the head-manufacturing market. Models have been launched, one-stop service providers have been offered.
Precision devices for consumer electronics, such as equipment. There is currently a global network of production, service bases, research and development centres, marketing offices, etc., covering major global regional markets such as South China, China, East China, the United States, Finland, South Korea, Singapore, India, Viet Nam, and Brazil.
Project co-operation agreement for the creation of the "Inventive Smart Manufacturing Industrial Park" to further expand the company ' s production base to include 3.1.2 smart business: core suppliers perform well and share +asp is expected to continue to upgrade their smart machines into stock age and apple reverses gain a high-end share. According to the latest ihs projections of August,
The global annual sales of smart machines have gone down to 1,249 million, a 6.7 per cent decline compared to the same period, and the current Andre chain stock is still under pressure, with Apple taking a larger share of the high-end market, where the market share of smart machines of more than $600 has increased from 52.17 per cent of 2q19 to 79.16 per cent of 4q21, with a relatively robust demand.
Figure 40: Quarterly sales forecast for 2022 (million) Apples have been innovating their hardware for 10 years. As the penetration rate of smart machines continues to rise, iPhone sales peaked in 2015, reaching 252 million, and have declined steadily since then.
Focus on hardware innovation in iPhone, continuously pushing up specifications to capture the market share through better user experience. In 2016, the iPhone7 camera was upgraded to double, and the iPhone8 was first loaded with face id and supported wireless charge and fast charge. In the same year, iPhonex moved from the traditional ccd screen to the use of the oled screen.
The iPhone11 was upgraded from double to triple in 2019, and the iPhone was set up with a photo-radar scanner (lidar) on camera in 2020, thus increasing the speed and accuracy of the focus. Thanks to the above hardware innovations, iPhone prices continued to increase, averaging $968 in the first half of 2022.
After 2015, because of the lack of growth in the sales of iphones, the profits of Apple Chain companies will gradually be eroded if they stay in their pre-existing stock. In this trend, the product expands to become the main source of investment. Under the sands of the waves, it expands sharply, opening new tracks and building integrated solutions.
Compared to Andre's smart machine, the iphonebom ratio is relatively high. At the same time that iphone's average price rises, iphone's bom costs as a sales price are also rising, from about 20% in the first place.
To 40%. Mainly: 1) iphone has a high penetration rate of soft-led, glass cover is fully permeated, protection, buffers, waterproof mosses and pressurizations are higher than the value of Bmo as a percentage of Andre's mobile phone; 2) in the case of cameras, iphone focuses on video-mixing algorithms, algorithms deal with multiple cameras taking simultaneous photographs between cameras.
A high degree of accuracy, a high demand for metal racks, a change to cnc for strength; 3) full wireless penetration, a significantly higher share of motors and acoustics in Bom than Andres, leading the group to work with large clients for more than 10 years, with a high degree of full-scale capability.
The company’s market share of large offshore customers has risen steadily, its product lines have increased, and the number of new generation product numbers has continued to grow.
Full cooperation among core clients to provide “one-stop” smart manufacturing services and solutions to clients, and continuous promotion of high customer stickyness. Companies are expected to continue to benefit from product upgrades and a steady increase in apple shares in the future, leading to a 3.1.3 wearable business: the ability to wear relays to grow and expand the downstream space of sophisticated devices.
Airpods have opened up the growth space, and the share of the Appletws headphones market has taken an absolute advantage. Apple's airpods were released as a new product in the fall of 2016, and since their launch in 2016, the volume of airpods has continued to rise and has led to the rapid development of the tws headphones industry, namely, the pelicanium.
Airpods, because of the complexity of the process, contains a large number of spare parts, has a good product rate. In the months of October and October, apples have introduced an airpods2 and an airpodspro. Both products carry a new generation of h1 master chip. Airpods2 has updated voice control and wireless charging.
The introduction of the sip seal further enhanced the internal component integration, using saved space, adding more sensors and chips, achieving active noise abatement and reducing the overall size of the headphones and increasing their portability, and the introduction of the ippodspro to the ipx4 level of sweatproof water through structural improvements.
Apples maintain a strong position in tws headphones. Of the global tws headlines, apples occupy 32% of the city, far higher than other manufacturers. 2q22 appletws headphones delivered 17.5 million pieces, a 13% increase compared with the market share of 27.8%.
Shell rotation axes, earpieces, audio wires, lightening metal rings, etc., with airpods function, price upgrades, company supply numbers and single machine values continuously increasing. 3.1.4 flatboard, pc operations: performance needs continue to rise, waiting for market warming
To benefit from the rise in demand for teleworking, the turnkey, pc computer market, and the need for distance learning, to contribute to the return of the tablet and laptop computer markets. Since 2020, the business class, affected by the new crown epidemic, has sold 28 million units, or +22 per cent, of the annual Chinese flat-plate market.
In 2021, the share of the market was 34.20%. Thousands of cameras, support to Facebook, followed by 12 million wide angles + 10 million ultra-wide angles + laser radar scanners (dtof).
A corresponding increase should be achieved in the value of the client flat-plate server. 3.2 Horizontal mergers and acquisitions: acquisition of enabler maps to expand and take advantage of the sophisticated structure of 3.2.1: demetallicization trends of benefit 5g and diversification of the client base.
Precision structural elements are metal or plastic components that have high size accuracy, high surface quality, high performance requirements and are capable of protecting, supporting or radiating, and the components of precision structural and electronic parts, mechanical parts and the like are assembled in a certain manner to obtain the end product.
Functional components are fully matched in the assembly of the product, with higher requirements for accuracy and quality. According to the material in the form, the sophisticated structural elements consist mainly of sophisticated metal structures and sophisticated plastic structures. As the internal integration of consumer electronics increases, the reliability, density, tolerance of sophisticated functional devices is increased.
There is a growing demand for, for example, fatigue, and the need to improve the materials, designs and processes of sophisticated functional devices, leading to an increase in the value of the single item. For example, using the box in the smartphone, with the large screening and thinning, ordinary aluminium alloys, due to their low intensity, are unable to meet the performance requirements, and the metal material begins to move towards higher levels of aluminium alloys, no.
The upgrading of materials, such as rust steel and even titanium alloys, has significantly increased the process requirements and value content of functional devices such as metal frames. In the 5g era, metal shielding of signals has become its fatal disadvantage, 3d glass production rates have gradually increased, and glass has gradually become the most dominant back-cap material in late 4g.
The increase in prices is accompanied by a steady increase in the value of sophisticated structural units.Figure 54: The evolution of smartphone case materials and the single price, in coordination with Eastern colours and cavity, improves the integration of structural and functional components and enhances the stickyness of customers.
The main products of the East are fine structures such as consumer electronics casings, center frames, etc. The main customers of the East are oppo, vivo, golden lily, and 120 million of the 2019 plastics.
In 2021, Suzhou was well-developed, primarily in the manufacture of high-end precision plastics, to provide a full range of services to international large clients in the direction of their ar/vr operations. Structured and intellectually constructed operations have synergistic effects, providing integrated solutions through the delivery of sophisticated functional and structural packages.
Figure 55: Main lines of business in corporate structural units 3.2.2 chargers: acquisition of Selcon for vertical integration and charging of head imprints
5g mobile phones use massivemimo technology to enhance their reception of the signal, and as the number of antennas doubles in energy consumption, 5g mobile phones will often start signal search functions, which is obvious for electricity consumption. Depending on the weight of the cell phones and the limits of internal space, battery capacity increases.
As a result of the sharp rise in demand for smart terminal equipment, the appliance industry, which is standard accessories, is growing rapidly, and the market is growing rapidly. Full-tone data show that global wire charging is projected to take place by 2022.
The market for chargers will reach $11,431 million; the market for general chargers will reach $8,688 million; fast, the market for chargers will reach $2,743 million; the development of fast chargers will provide incremental space for chargers. As technology develops, it will become available.
Large-scale manufacturers have increased their efforts to develop large-scale fast-loading for major flagship phones. Rapid-charged power increases require chargers to be allowed to load higher currents, and charger designs require chargers, such as gan (nitrogenated) chargers. On the other hand, high-power fast-loading programmes are in the process of charging.
Changes in medium voltage cause more heat to the mobile phone, the radiation problems of the charging module are exacerbated, and the charging module + dispersing the heat module add up to a further increase in the value of the charge head. Figure 57: anker30wgan nitride charger.
As the charging technology evolves, wireless charging is increasingly being used as a more efficient and accessible charge. Cell phones are the largest area of wireless charging applications at present. In January 2009, Palm published three iphones (iphonex, iphone8, iphone8plus) all equipped.
With wireless chargers, Samsung has been equipped with wireless chargers on the flagship phones of the Galaxys6 and Galaxys6edge series as early as 2015, and has continued this configuration to the later generations of the ss and note series, which was released in February 2018 by Sonyxperiaxxz2. Mimix2s, March 2018.
Launched in October 2018 by Wa for mate20pro, not only supports the wireless charge of 15w, but also innovatively publishes the inverse wireless charge of 5w, with a growing array of wireless chargers. Selcon’s research and development patent in the direction of wireless charger will be well developed in the field of magnetics and functional components.
The acquisition of Selcon led to vertical integration and the emergence of the chargehead module. In August 2019, the company acquired the charger Salcon, extending to the assembly industry, further integrating industrial resources, and creating synergies to enhance customers.
In 2021, the collection of $5.605 billion, representing 18.45 per cent of the company’s revenue, increased by 48.60 per cent, and became a new point of growth for the company’s product categories.
In the field of chargers and appliancers, Selcon has deposited leading design development techniques and accumulated a wealth of product design experience: 1) Selcon can provide multiple portable power solutions for customers in the areas of multiple port output, high power density (gan), high integration, flat transformers, high power and fast chargers. 2) Selcon
The innovative programmes of Mini-ecap and hfb can reduce the volume and efficiency of the large capacitors by using new materials gan and surface transformers to increase the frequency and efficiency of the work, while using new materials graphite to address heat evaporation problems and further optimize volume and heat evaporation through the new process sip.) In the high-power technical layout, except for appliance products.
In November 2021, Selkon launched his own branded binary, one charger, sw206a, which was followed by its fast-filled data line, 65w double-ton nitrogen-filled selenium charger.
Products such as portable cellular staircases have also been introduced and market opportunities have been broad. 3.3 Vertical extension: up-to-material delivery module, operational synergies are significant. 3.3.1 module: responding to the times, market space is expanding.
Wireless charger module: Industry space doubling period, where companies expect wireless charging from magnets, coils to modules, finished products to include launch ends, acceptance end parts, upstream and downstream industrial chains including chips, magnetic materials, transmission loops, module manufacturing, system integration. Applications cover smart phones, cars, smart wears, smart homes, etc.
As wireless charge standardization advances and technological bottlenecks break out, the wireless charge industry grows from year to year. Compared to traditional wire chargers, wireless chargers have advantages in terms of safety, flexibility and interoperability, as well as broad application prospects in areas such as smartphones, wearing equipment, auto electronics, home appliances, etc.
According to ihs, the global wireless charging market will grow from $8.6 billion in 2019 to $15 billion in 2024, with an average annual compound increase of 12 per cent, with China's wireless charging market constantly building on the advantages of upstream magnetic material operations, cutting into wireless charging modules and providing one-stop high-value-added services.
In addition to its strong edge in the field of chargers, Selcon, under the umbrella of intelligence, patenting its research in the direction of wireless chargers will create good industrial synergies with the field's pre-existing magnets, functional units and contribute to the development of intelligence in the direction of wireless charger modules.
The nanocrystal material is one of the best wirelessly charged materials for mobile phones, with more than 90% of the nanocrystal material recharge efficiency, with half the thickness of the iron-oxy magnets (about 78%) and more than one piece of it. The company actively deploys the R & D layout of the nanocrystal material, with great potential for future wireless charging.
In industry, one-stop high-value-added services are provided through synergies with upstream materials.
The use of new materials and the design of the radiator module is expected to meet the increased density and energy intensity of cellular components, the high demand for evaporation, and process upgrades driving single machine evaporation values.
Increased demand for evaporation in the 5g era. First, the 5g chip is at least five times more calculator than the existing 4g chip, and its power is about two and a half times higher, and so does the increase in heat. And with the technology of the ai, the increase in its applications, and the overall development of the aiot, mobile phone processing speed and data processing capabilities continue to increase.
The resulting increase in heat levels has led to higher demands for heat efficiency for radiators in mobile phones. The annual annual combined heat market for mobile phones has grown at an annual rate of up to 26%, and in 2022 at $3.58 billion in market size.
The main options for mobile heat transfer are currently silicone, graphite, thermal tubes, and vc. The heat interface materials made of silicone can match heat and radiation to improve heat efficiency, and can also act as insulation for shock reduction, with relatively limited individual machine value due to low exposure.
Thermal tubes and vc are the structure of the thermal exchange based on the second-phase principle of liquid gas conversion, which is about double the structure. The dominant 5g is currently using vc liquid cold + multi-layer graphite, and the high end series has taken the lead in the use of stone.
In 2016, the company acquired Suzhou’s leading company, which acquired heat-guiding devices and related technologies: radiators, heat-guided silicon film, heat-guided silicon film, and manufacturing methods.
In April 2019, a special heat transfer department was set up to provide a one-stop radiator solution for clients. In addition, the Department completed the targeted increase in circulation in July 2020, with additional fund-raising to be used in part to increase production capacity, with plans for a new heat radiation module (for consumer electronic products such as smartphones, pc, flatboard computers, etc.) with a capacity of 58 million units/
Year. The average heat plate currently produced by the company has been used in high-level light notebooks and some branded 5g mobile phones, and is expected to gain a larger market share as the company ' s vc technology matures further.
The motor structure of the car and the linear motor have a clear advantage, and the suppliers have a lot of layouts. The motor structure of the car is a necessary part of the machine. As the need for the car for comfort, recreation, navigation, driver support and safety functions increases, so does the motor. On the other hand, the linear motor has a light and low consumption.
Quickness, among other things, allows for high-complex vibrations, which are widely used in smart devices. And, as smartphones develop, virtual home keys, coupled with vibrating motors, bring development opportunities to motors.
The advantage of traditional linear motor manufacturers is highlighted by the high self-sustainability of the core parts of the intellectually-made process. Linear motors, by communicating voltage-driven voltage, vibrate the sensor against the resonance frequency of springs. But special high-voltage-driven chips are added to the production process, and the design is difficult and complex. Linear motors are very demanding for precision.
High, custom-made developments in dimensions, frequency, assembly locations and fixation methods. For traditional linear motor manufacturers, as pioneers in sophisticated intellectual industries, the intellectually constructed linear motor core components have a high self-sufficiency rate, high performance materials are in synergy with the company ' s existing operations, and the company ' s high-tech, cnc, assembly and other high-tech production levels are enhanced.
Precision, competitive advantage: (1) 59 of a total of 62 linear motor components are self-made by intelligence, with a 95% self-made rate. Company linear motors have the characteristics of closed-door design, high-g values, high-performance materials, etc. (2) linear motor processes involve moth cutting (polyamide thin film), punching (up and down shell/up and down film)
/ spring/soft support, etc.), cnc (balance block), assembly (linear motors), etc., the level of full-process process capability in the sophisticated manufacturing industry will highlight advantages in the production of linear motors. 3.3.2 Materials operations: high-end magnets plus carbon fibre materials are paved, and vertical integration advantages are evident
Magnetic materials are an important foundational functional material for the electronics industry, and the current global production of magnetic materials is concentrated mainly in Japan and China. Japan is a technology driver for magnetic materials, while China is a technology driver for magnetic materials, producing around 68-75% of the world's magnets every year.
With the growth of electric cars, wireless chargers, nfc, etc., the magnets industry has recovered, the high-performance magnets industry has concentrated towards the top, and domestic firms have increased their share. In recent years, with electric cars, wireless chargers, nfc, etc.
Developments in areas such as magnetic materials and the recovery of the magnetic materials industry are expected to result in the following changes in China in the coming years: (1) limited growth in traditional industries such as household electricity, it, but emerging areas (wire charged, charged electric posts, electric cars, nfc, photovoltaic reverse transformers, etc.) will open up the magnetic materials industry.
New growth spaces; (2) magnetic material industries enter a period of optimal upgrading, replaced by quality upgrading and expansion of new applications. Middle- and low-end markets are largely free to compete, competition is intense, profit rates are likely to decline further; high-end markets are likely to have fewer firms with technological, customer, size advantages.
The share of high-performance magnetic materials in the global market will increase year by year, with high-performance long-magnetic materials accounting for about 35% of the world’s share. In the future, as China’s high-end applications expand, the share will increase.
In 2020, the company issued a project to increase the amount of investment in electromagnetic materials, amounting to $666 million. When the project is completed, the company will make an investment of $666 million.
The implementation of the company's projects is conducive to increasing the autonomous production capacity of the country's advanced materials, reducing dependence on imports and increasing the proportion of localized purchases. At the same time, the company produces its own product.
Simultaneous raw materials contribute to saving production costs, reducing the risks of corporate procurement, extending upstream to the industry, optimizing the structure of the company’s products, and improving the competitiveness of the enterprise. Carbon fibres refer to high-intensity high-modulus fibres with more than 90% carbon content.
Mainly, using thallium and glue fibres as raw materials, which are carbonated by high-temperature oxidation. Carbon fibres consist mainly of carbon elements, which are resistant to high temperature, friction, heat conductor and corrosion, and are shaped in fibre-like, soft, processable fabrics, with high intensity and intensity along the fibre axis because of its graphite microcrystal structure, which is selected along the fibre axis.
Modular. The density of carbon fibre is small, so it is higher than the intensity and the relative amount. The main use of carbon fibre is to manufacture advanced composite materials as an enhanced material, compounding with resins, metals, ceramics and carbon. Carbon fibre enhances epoxy resin composite materials, which have the highest relative strength and magnitude of existing engineering materials.
With the development of the new energy automobile industry, corporate carbon fibre materials are also being applied to products such as tyres, backseats, chairs, etc. Companies rely on their own core technology for a number and reliable processing capacity.
4.1 Prospective profit assumptions and business segmentation The company ' s products are divided mainly into sophisticated functional and structural components, chargers and consumable assembly operations, materials operations, automobile products and other operations, and are explored as follows:
Precision features and structures: companies have extensive experience in precision devices, and horizontal + vertical integration creates a one-stop smart manufacturing platform leading the industry. Later on, they benefit from a country-wide easing of control over the epidemic, consumer electronic demand, gradual warming, and companies’ continuous expansion of production to raise the share of large clients.
In areas such as photovoltaics, where relay companies are growing at a high rate of consumption, we expect to collect 2022-2024, with the expansion of the product class of the company's precision devices and the increase in their value, and the continued optimization of the business product structure, as reflected in the model effect, a steady increase in the Māori ratio, which we predict for 2022-2024 the precise functionality and structure of the company.
charger and fine assembly operations: With the spread of fast and wireless charge technologies, the company will continue to drive the steady growth of electrical and fine assembly operations, while the future growth of vehicle-borne recharge products will help the company to grow. Billion dollars, or 3/17/20% more than the same.
Material operations: Company materials, including magnetic materials, carbon fibre materials, mills, etc., have been used in the consumption of electronics, industry, automobiles, etc. As companies gradually import new products in the future, we expect public automobile products: the size and penetration of the new energy car market is increasing and the value of the vehicle spare parts is not equal.
In 2021, the company extended and purchased Jintai from Zhejiang to the new energy vehicle sector, relying on the research and development, production capacity and size advantages accumulated over the years by the product lines of the building blocks, and continued to expand the product lines in the automobile sector.
Other business: In 2020, we reclassified the main business sub-products according to the total calibre of 5g products, display and contact control modules and other operations, and in 2021 the other industry categories consisted mainly of 5g products, clean energy products, and stripped display and contact control module operations.
In the years to come, the business will grow rapidly with the continued release of clean energy products from the company, with the expected continued decline in the cost of its period from 2022 to 2024, demonstrating excellent cost-control capabilities. We believe that the future cost of the company will benefit from the optimization of production management and will remain largely stable with the growth in the size of the collection.
In recent years, the company has been increasing its R & D investment in efforts to enhance and improve the competitiveness of core technologies and products.
In the area of consumer electronics, companies have benefited from the steady expansion of large client businesses and the growing abundance of their own products, and their market share has further increased. At the same time, we look forward to the company’s continued presence in new energy vehicles and photovoltaics, which have been covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
1) Consumption electronic demand is weak. If demand for consumer electronics such as smart phones, pad, pc etc. is weak and sales fall short of expectations, there is a risk that the expected market share will not be realized and the Māori rate will grow. 2) Product research and development overlaps are inadequate. As market competition increases and end-user applications become more abundant.
Companies need to continuously optimize existing products and develop new technologies. If they cannot accurately judge future market trends, maintain core technological advantages and introduce competitive new products, they may have a negative impact on the company’s future sustainability.
3) Market competition increases the risk. If companies are not able to maintain their technical and value-for-money advantages in the area of the breakdown of products in the future, they may face more intense competition in the course of customer development, with other manufacturers crushing the market, methodological and analytical logic leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.