The synergies in the industrial chain highlight the long-term development driven by the integrated layout of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Recommended logic: 1) The company was founded with laboratory chemistry as an entry point, deep-dry drug discovery, the gradual extension to biosciences, cmc, clinical cro, the initial refinement of the industrial chain layout, and the synergies are gradually highlighting: 2) Small molecule cro operations are expected to continue to grow steadily by more than 30%, yes
The company’s core drivers in the short and medium term; 3) cmc’s increased profitability, with revenues expected to remain at more than 35%, and cmc and clinical cro’s operations expected to lead to rapid growth in corporate performance in the medium and long term. The cxo industry is booming as a result of the transfer of overseas capacity and the rise of domestic innovation.
The volume of drug research and development inputs and research and development pipelines has grown steadily, laying the foundation for the development of the global cxo industry, which is expected to continue at a rate of 10% in the next three years, while the success rate of research and development has gradually declined, further driving the increase in cxo penetration. To benefit from the cost advantage, the global cxo production capacity has continued to shift to the country, while at the same time at the policy and policy levels.
Thanks to a combination of factors, such as the return of talent, the development of innovative medicines in the country has been greatly facilitated by the heat of the development of the cxo industry, which is expected to grow by more than 20% over the next three years. Laboratory operations have grown steadily, and cmc and clinical coro have become medium- and long-term growth points.
Earlier and more mature overall, growth is expected to remain robust in the future, which is the central driving force behind the current growth in corporate performance. More than 60% of the company cmc projects are pre-clinical, less profitable, followed by the clinical phase of preclinical projects, where unit prices and Māori rates are expected to increase and contribute to larger industries.
Flexibility. The company’s clinical coro business, which has formed a three-fold layout for China, the United States and the United Kingdom, has a clinical coro market of over 60 per cent of the size of the coro market and has a larger space, and is expected to accelerate as the company’s internal layout accelerates.
In the long term, the company will continue to accelerate integration, and the current smaller biosciences, clinical crores, etc. will be rapidly developing. As research and development projects in the pre-clinical and clinical stages continue, it is expected to enter the intermediates, raw materials and preparations in the future.
Commercial production, leading to a rapid increase in revenues and profits, while achieving the full-industry layout of companies from drug discovery, bioscience, clinical cro to cmo, with great potential for multi-business synergies.
The increase in profitability was significant (2020-10-29) and the related policies did not advance as much as expected.
Assumption 1: the company has a longer period of laboratory development in which laboratory chemistry as a whole is more mature and is expected to accompany the industry
As the pre-clinic project progresses to the clinical stage, project unit prices and Māori rates are expected to increase and the scale effect is expected to continue
The market considers Conlon to be relatively small in terms of his business as a cro, with a late industrial chain layout, and generally competitive. We think that the company started with laboratory chemistry as an entry point, that the discovery of deep-dry drugs was gradually extended to bioscience, cmc, bedcro, etc., and that the industrial chain layout was initially improved, and synergies became apparent. cmc, clinical cro, etc.
Business is expected to lead to rapid growth in corporate performance in the medium to long term, and companies will achieve an integrated industry-wide chain layout from drug discovery, bioscience, clinical cro to cmo, with great potential for multi-business synergies.
We have selected four companies that are the most closely related to Conlon's business, Min Condé, Kallein, Tag, and Shao Sinu, which are 92 times the company's market gain in 2020 and 71 times the market gain in 2021. Conlon's business shift is faster, the whole industry chain is better organized, the performance growth is more certain, and the company's performance is 70 times higher in 2021.
The risk of reduced heat for domestic innovation drug research and development, the transfer of overseas production capacity to the country less than expected, and the policy less advanced: pre-cro flagships in the clinical field, high-speed development 1.1a+h on the market, new starting point for corporate development.
Conlon was founded in 2004 and was founded in early years, with the company operating mainly in laboratory chemistry. In 2008, Conlon Tianjin, a subsidiary, started expanding the cc business, acquired Con Long Changping in 2009 and entered the security assessment business. In 2016, the public administration began a global layout, acquiring the United Kingdom quotient, the United States Xcelero, and the United States snbl, entering radiochemistry.
In the field of technical services and foreign clinical co-services, in 2018, the company acquired Nanjing Si-Swig, entering the national clinical co-directorate, and in 2019, the company made a new chapter in the development of a stock and h share.
The company has no controlling shareholders, actually controls the buildings of Perlán, Xiaoqiang and Zhengbei, and actually controls the company by direct or indirect joint-counting of 24% of the company’s shares. The president of the company’s building, Pallán, has been working in the field of drug research and development for 30 years, with a high level of qualifications and professional experience, while other company managers have extensive experience and strong managerial skills in the fields of drug research and development, production and management.
Team management is the cornerstone of a company ' s long-term development.
The company ' s operating income grew from $790 million in 2014 to $550 million in 2019, with a compound increase of 94 per cent. The company ' s operating income for 2020q1-3 amounted to $3.590 billion, an increase of 36.5 per cent; the parent ' s net profit amounted to $790 million, an increase of 140.3 per cent, and the parent ' s net profit grew at a much faster rate than the company ' s main increase.
The increase in profitability and the non-recurring gains and losses are relevant. Overall, as the business layout of the company is progressively comprehensive, the scale effects are becoming more visible, profitability is increasing and profits are increasing faster than revenues. Figure 3: Corporate operating income and growth since 2014
The overall cost of sales, management rates and R&D rates have remained stable and the overall cost of corporate sales and management rates have remained stable in recent years, financial rates have fluctuated due to exchange gains and losses, and R&D rates have been rising from 2018 to 2018.
The company's roe has some room for improvement and cash flows are better. By 2020 q1-3 is 13% annual, up from 2019, with a certain drop in equity multipliers and asset turnover resulting in a drop in the company's equity multipliers and asset turnover, and further increases in net interest rates and equity multipliers and asset turnover are expected to follow.
The cash flow of the company is relatively good, with 1.5 net cash flows/net profits in 2020q1-3. 1.3 The pool of people is rich, incentives are gradually introduced and 7393 people, with a compound growth rate of 16.4%, with the company ' s personnel expanding faster, with the total already at the pre-cro clinical stage in the country.
In terms of the quality of the workforce, the number of employees in the company's master's degree and above was close to 3,000, representing 35 per cent of the total, 80 per cent of the total, all of whom were in a leading position in the industry, with high-quality talent for the high-quality development of the company.
Further strengthening core workforce motivation, achieving a binding of individual employee and corporate interests, building up the company's long-term capacity for research and development, investing in higher space for research and development since its inception, increasing research and development efforts to improve research and development capabilities and professional skills, with a focus on investment in recent years
The number of research and development personnel in companies has increased steadily, reaching 62022,2 in 2019, benefiting from the transfer of overseas capacity and the rise of domestic innovation.
2.1 Driven by cost advantages, overseas cxo production capacity continues to shift to our country, with a steady increase in global drug research and development inputs and pipelines, laying the foundation for global development of the cxo industry. Global drug research and development investment has also risen as a result of multiple factors such as economic development, increasing population ageing, and increased health awareness.
Wen, with global R & D investment reaching $15 billion in 2019, and projected global R & D investment reaching $204 billion in 2024, the number of global M & D pipelines has continued to grow, reaching 16181 in 2019, and the number of global R & D and R pipelines has grown steadily, laying the foundation for global cxo industry development.
With the steady growth in the number of R & D inputs and R & D pipelines and the increased efficiency of fda approvals, the number of new medicines approved each year has increased rapidly, with an average of 51 new medicines approved by fda between 2017 and 2019, at a historically high level, and the speed with which new drugs are marketed has further stimulated the enthusiasm of pharmaceutical companies for R & D, while also promoting the expansion of the pharmaceutical industry as a whole.
Research and development has become more difficult, prompting pharmaceutical companies to work with cxo firms. In recent decades, as the disease has become more complex, the constant consumption of known targets and the rising demand for policy regulation have increased the cost of research and development by pharmaceutical companies, the duration of the research and development week has grown, the success rate of research and development has dropped significantly, putting enormous pressure on pharmaceutical companies to develop and develop, and to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of research and development.
Power, the pharmaceutical industry has gradually increased its cooperation with the cxo enterprise, promoting a gradual increase in the cxo outsourcing rate. In the cro industry, the cost of our co-services is much lower than in the developed world, where the pre-cro area is more dependent on people, the country has a sufficient supply of talent and relatively low labour costs, leading to pre-cro taking the lead in our country.
In the clinical area, the country’s large population base determines a relatively large number of patients in all areas of disease, the cost of recruiting patients is much lower than in developed countries, and an increasing number of international pharmaceutical companies have chosen to conduct clinical work in China, further driving the development of clinical coro in the country.
Thanks to the growth in the size of our talent and the relatively low human cost, the market size of our industry grew from 13.6 billion yuan in 2011 to 67.8 billion yuan in 2018, with a compound increase of more than 20 per cent, compared with the global market size of 27.1 billion dollars in 2011 to 48.9 billion dollars in 2018, with a compound increase of less than 10 per cent.
The size of the industry as a share of the global market rose from 7 per cent in 2011 to 19.8 per cent in 2018, and is expected to continue to grow in the future with the emergence of 2.2 domestic innovations, further driving the development of the cxo sector, driven by multiple factors, with rapid growth in R & D investment by domestic pharmaceutical enterprises
As far as our pharmaceutical industry is concerned, in the context of such broad policies as the restructuring of health-care payments and the acquisition of quantities, competition in the sector has been intensified, prices of medicines have declined, multiple factors have together contributed to a gradual increase in research and development investment by our pharmaceutical enterprises, and the rate of technical investment in the pharmaceutical sector has increased from 0.3 per cent to 3 per cent between 2000 and 2018, and is expected to increase further in the future.
The share of R & D inputs in our large pharmaceutical enterprises rose from 4.6 per cent in 2013 to 5.9 per cent in 2019, and is expected to rise further in the future, with the share of R & D inputs in representative innovative pharmaceutical companies such as Henwe and Beida industries exceeding 15 per cent, compared to 19 per cent in 2018 for global top 50 pharmaceutical companies.
In the future, there is much scope for increasing the share of our pharmaceutical industry ' s R & D investment in income. 2.2.2pe/vc innovative drug financing has increased rapidly, further opening up market space for the cxo industry. With the country ' s set of policies to encourage innovation and the return of foreign talent, the number of start-up innovative drug businesses in the country has increased.
The number of small pharmaceutical companies in our country will increase rapidly, as international experience shows, and small pharmaceutical companies will gradually become the backbone of innovative research and development. In 2018, our market-level innovative pharmaceutical enterprises increased their financing substantially, with traffic financing still close to $2019 billion, and the number of financing events reached a new high, with start-up pharmaceutical companies targeting R & D and survival.
Higher demand for outsourcing of production will further drive the development of the cxo industry in the country. With the growing investment in research and development by large domestic pharmaceutical companies and the rapid growth in the number of small research and development companies, the number of reported drugs in the country has increased significantly in recent years, reaching 123 in 2019.
The number of pharmaceutical ind admissions amounted to 195, the number of pharmaceutical indinations amounted to 12 in 2019, and the number of biopharmaceuticals amounted to 37 in 2019, all of which are at a historically high level.
2.2.3 Good policies continue to be put in place to promote the development of the cxo industry in our fast track. Beginning in 2011, good policies have continued to be put in place, including the 2016 State Council Opinion on Reforming the Review and Approval System for Pharmaceutical Medical Devices, which encourages clinical value-oriented drug innovation and optimizes the process for the approval and approval of innovative medicines.
Innovative and much-needed clinically accelerated review: Pilot Programme for the Licensing of Pharmaceuticals on the List, which separates listing licences from production permits, separates drug research and development and production, facilitates the development and innovation of small-scale R & D enterprises, promotes the development of the cdmo industry; the 2017 Opinion on Deepening Review and Approval System Reforms to Encourage Innovation in Medico Medico Devices has given further impetus to health care
The pharmaceutical industry has developed a dynamic innovation that has led to structural changes in the supply side of the pharmaceutical industry. Overall, the policy is constantly being introduced, with a great deal of encouragement for innovation in the pharmaceutical industry, promoting the development of the cxo industry in our country on the fast track. 3cmc and clinical coro operations are flexible, and the whole industry chain is well placed to look forward to.
The company's operations are divided into two main sections: drug discovery and research, and drug development and production, in which the drug discovery and research subjects include a large part of laboratory chemistry and biological sciences, where laboratory chemistry is the company's earlier business, and drug development and production, which is the company's later and progressive business, mainly cmc, safety evaluation, and clinical coro.
Drug discovery and research revenues declined from 69 per cent in 2015 to 63 per cent in 2019, and drug development and production revenues accounted for 63 per cent.
The company’s drug discovery will continue to grow at a rapid pace as the company’s core business is the driving force behind the growth of company performance in the short term. Currently, the company’s front-end drug discovery has continued to channel to biosciences, cmc operations, while the company’s clinical coro has accelerated its deployment in the country, and clinical coro is expected to benefit fully as the front-end project progresses, cmc
In the long run, the company will gradually move from drug availability, bioscience, clinical coro-to-cmo, to a one-stop-shop arrangement of “cro+cdmo” as it develops its current cc, clinical cro, etc.
Services platform, competitiveness will continue to be highlighted, multi-operational synergies are expected to emerge and long-term development potential will be significant. 3.1 Laboratory operating structures continue to be optimized, biosciences lead development. Laboratory services of companies include, inter alia, laboratory chemistry, bioscience services, drug safety evaluation and molecular drugs.
Discovering services, laboratory operations are the core and development building blocks of drug research and development, and the starting point for corporate business development has been a relatively rapid growth, with revenues rising from $780 million in 2015 to $2.38 billion in 2019, compound acceleration. Laboratory operations have largely been built on the expansion of manpower, and the number of company laboratory operations has been growing faster in recent years.
In contrast, the company's laboratory operations are similar to those of the Chinese district laboratory service of Pharmatin Condé, where the company's operating income is still small compared to the amount of Pharmacy Condé's, but the Māori rate is roughly at the same level, reflecting the company's profitability to the industry.
Laboratory chemistry is expected to continue to grow robustly, and there is still room for improvement in Maori rates. Laboratory chemistry is similar to the drug found in Ming Conde, but the amount of income is relatively small, and the Māori ratio has continued to rise from 2015 to 2017 in terms of profitability, but Conlong has become slightly lower than Ming Conde, and neither company has published data for 2018 and 2019.
We expect that the gap in Māori rates will continue to narrow. Global drug discovery has been growing by 20%, and companies are increasing as well as the Māori rate is expected to rise further.
Services such as metabolic dynamics, in vitro biology and pharmacology have been one of the things that the company has developed more rapidly in recent years, with revenues rising from 140 million yuan in 2015 to 340 million yuan in 2017, and the Māori rate rising from 24 per cent in 2015 to 54 per cent in 2017, which has already reached relatively high levels.
The company’s biosciences are growing faster. There is a continuing increase in corporate investment in drug safety assessment, with the expansion of 3,500 square metres of animal laboratory facilities in 2019, and biosciences are expected to contribute to greater performance elasticity. 3.2 The synergies in the industrial chain are highlighted, and cmc and clinical cro operations are more resilient.
3.2.1 cmc continues to benefit from front-end currents and is expected to contribute to greater elasticity of performance. In 2008, corporate layout cc operations began, and in recent years, corporate cc operations have grown faster, benefiting from the lead flow of front-end laboratory chemical and biological science operations, while Māori levels have also steadily increased in 2019, with revenue
From 300 million yuan in 2015 to 900 million yuan in 2019, the compound rate of growth reached 31.6 per cent, and the Māori rate was 27.8 per cent in 2019.
The focus is on pre-clinics, so there is a greater demand for manpower, and it is expected that, as the clinical phase projects increase, their effectiveness will become more visible, and cmc employees are expected to grow steadily. The preclinic project moves to the clinical stage, which is expected to drive rapid growth in cmc operations.
Preclinical projects accounted for a relatively high percentage of pre-clinical projects and increased their speed, with a total of 568 projects completed and under development in 2019 in the country, of which 485 were preclinical projects, an increase of 202 compared to 2018, 54 in clinical i, 20 in clinical ii, 9 in clinical iii, development of pharmaceutical processes and production services involving drug molecules at pre-clinical and clinical stages in company 2020h1
The number of projects in the post-clinic phase has increased significantly, with 463 intermediates, of which 35 in three stages of clinicalization, 2 in commercialization, and the pre-clinical projects with low unit prices and Māori rates, which are expected to increase with the progress of the preclinical projects into the clinical phase, and the impact of the scale is expected to continue to increase, with Cmc operations expected to grow rapidly and contribute significantly.
As the cmc project progresses to the Nda and commercialization stages, the company is expected to enter the commercialized cmo area, with income-end growth of a reasonable period. 3.2.2 Clinical cro continues to be configured, and there is much room for higher incomes and Māori ratios.
The company’s clinical research services include clinical laboratory services, on-site management services, regulation of bioanalysis services, and radiologic science. The company’s entry into clinical co-operation was relatively late, with the company’s pre-positioning mainly in the United Kingdom and the United States through acquisitions, starting in 2019, the company’s domestic co-cro market, and the merger and purchase of Nanjing Sewu was completed in May 2019, increasing the number of countries.
In-house supervision and registration, medical services, clinical operations, data management, and statistical analysis and drug alerts. In June 2019, strategic investments were made in Beijing, in the Smo area, and in July 2020, the company further completed its control of the organization. As of 2019, the total number of employees in the company ' s clinical co-operation had reached 556, up from 2018.
The size of our clinical market rose from 14.7 billion yuan in 2013 to 55.3 billion yuan in 2019, at a compound rate of 24.7 per cent, and is expected to grow gradually in the future with the introduction of overseas innovations to clinical practice in the country, as well as in the development and development of domestic innovations.
As the stage progresses, the country’s clinical market is expected to continue to grow at a 20% rate, and the country’s current history is that of clinical medicine, the second of which is based on clinical medicine. By contrast, the company’s clinical coro business has been developing at a late stage, with income levels lower than those of Thai medicine and medicament Condé, and Māori.
It is lower than the Tag and Bozi medicines, but it is at the same level as the Ming Conde. Clinical co-development is now faster in the country, with much room for growth in both corporate income and Māori ratios. 3.3 The extension of the industrial chain accelerates, with integrated layouts driving long-term development.
At present, as the demand for research and development increases in small and medium-sized innovation enterprises, scientific research units and higher education institutions, the integration of our cxo enterprises into cro+cdmo is an important development in which cro enterprises can use the advantage of front-end business to channel back-end cdmo operations and achieve a rapid increase in income and profits, and cdmo enterprises can enhance their operations through layout cro
In general, large companies have taken the lead in the development of the industrial chain, the drug Ming Conde has achieved the integrated development of cro+cdmo, the cdmo companies, such as Karen, Botten shares, etc., are all in the layout of cro, and Conlon has become one of the pre-cro leaders in the past few years in cc, clinical cro.
At present, the cmc and clinical cro, which continue to be fast-placed, have begun to drive faster growth in performance, and will be the core growth point in the company’s medium- and long-term performance in the future. In the long run, the company will further accelerate the integrated layout, which is now in its volume.
Smaller biosciences, clinical cro, etc. are about to develop rapidly, while the company's cmc operations are expected to expand further downstream as the project progresses into the cmo field of intermediates, raw materials and preparations, leading to a rapid expansion of revenues and profits while achieving the company's entire industry chain from drug discovery, bioscience, clinical cro to cmo.
The physical layout, with a continuous increase in one-stop service capacity, profitability, customer stickyness and brand power, is expected to usher in a long-term development of multi-practice cooperation.
Assumption 2: company cmc operations are currently concentrated on pre-clinic, pre-clinical project unit prices are lower and Māori rates are lower, and as the preclinical project moves into the clinical phase, project unit prices and Māori rates are expected to increase and the scale effect is expected to continue
The field space is large and is expected to accelerate as the company ' s domestic layout accelerates, with clinical conditions projected to be 75, 55 and 41 times higher in 2020-2022, respectively.
The company was founded with laboratory chemistry as an entry point, deep-dry drug discovery, a gradual extension to biosciences, cmc, clinical cro, etc. The industrial chain layout has been improved initially, and synergies have been highlighted. cmc, clinical cro chemical layout, multi-operational synergies have great potential.
We have selected four companies that are the most closely related to Conlon's business, Min Condé, Kallein, Tag, and Shao Sinu, which are 92 times the company's market gain in 2020 and 71 times the market gain in 2021. Conlon's business shift is faster, the whole industry chain is better organized, the performance growth is more certain, and the company's performance is 70 times higher in 2021.
The risk of reduced heat for domestic innovation drug research and development, as well as the transfer of overseas production capacity to the domestic level, has not advanced as much as expected, nor will it be directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.