CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Yili (600887 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB45.90
(Previous TP
RMB33.10)
Up/Downside
+13%
2Q20 NP +72% YoY, strongly beat expectation on better GPM and selling
Current Price
RMB40.59
expenses ratio. FY20E adj. NP growth is on track to meet share award scheme
requirement. We raised FY20-22E NP by 7-13% and lifted TP from RMB33.10 to
China F&B Sector
RMB45.90, based on 32x FY21E P/E (vs 28x avg. FY20E and 21E EPS
previously), which is the avg. of mid-point (28x) and peak (32x) 1-yr forward P/E
Albert Yip
range since A-share was announced to be included in MSCI Emerging Markets
Index on 21 Jun 2017. FY19-22E EPS CAGR is improved from 10% to 13%. We
expect Yili would continue to benefit from industry consolidation. Maintain Buy.
■ 2Q20 results strongly beat on better margins. 1H20 NP fell 1% to
RMB3,781mn (equivalent to 60% of our FY20E NP est. vs 54-56% in 1H17-
Stock Data
1H19). 2Q20 NP jumped 72%. Revenue rose 22% led by liquid milk (+17%)
and milk powder (+86%). By key products, Satine rose 25% (vs Milk Deluxe
30%+) and Pro-Kido rose 40%. Ambrosial rose 10% in 2Q20 but still fell 5%
in 1H20 as consumption pattern shifted from yogurt to milk. 2Q20 GPM
widened 1.6ppt to 38.7% on reduced promotions and better product mix. NP
jumped 72% on operating leverage and GPM expansion.
■ Grabbed more market share. According to Nielsen data, retail sales of
ambient liquid milk and chilled liquid milk decreased by 5.1% and 7.8%,
respectively, while retail sales of IMF increased by 4.9% in 1H20. Organic
Share Performance
liquid milk, chilled fresh milk and UHT milk outperformed the market by
growing 12.6%, 12.3% and 7.5%, respectively, in terms of retail sales. During
the period, Yili's market share of ambient products/chilled products increased
by 3.2/0.3ppt to 38.8%/15.3%, but market share of IMF fell 0.2ppt to 5.8%.
■ 2H20E outlook. Yili maintained its 2020 target of RMB97bn total revenue (+8%
YoY). 1H20 adj. NP growth was 14.6% (on share award scheme benchmark),
12-mth Price Performance
on track to meet 10% growth target in FY20E. Though raw milk cost is
expected to increase in 2H20E, Yili expects this trend would limit industry's
promotion activities in 2H. For selling expenses ratio, Yili expects a slight YoY
decline trend on precise spending.
New businesses development. (1) Chilled fresh milk: Current market size
is >RMB10bn. Yili recorded around RMB300mn sales in 1H20. Sector growth
depends on ongoing consumer education and cold chain development.
Management expects ambient milk remains the key growth driver. (2) Cheese:
Source: Bloomberg
Market size of B2C is around RMB3bn and B2B's size could be 2-3x of B2C.
Yili recorded >RMB200m sales in 1H20 (vs MN's RMB457mn).
Auditor: Da Hua
■ Maintain Buy. We lifted FY20/21/22E NP by 13%/7%/9% to mainly factor in
Related reports
lower selling expenses ratio. Catalysts: better-than-expected revenue and
"Yili - Expect full recovery of sales
margins. Risks: Raw milk cost pressure, food safety issues.
"China Dairy Sector - Multiple
Earnings Summary
growth drivers ahead; sector
consolidation to continue" - 19 Nov
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company, CMBIS
Figure 2: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates, Bloomberg, Company data
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte, Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.