“One-stop” solution provider, upstream of the light module, benefiting 14 October 2019, 5g high-cycle climate and sustained high growth in performance
▪ A "one-stop" solution provider upstream of the focused light module: Tienfu communications expanded from three product series to ten product series, focused on upstream solutions around the oms platform, resulting in seven solutions for high-end non-source devices and high-speed light devices, currently in the country
Lead “one-stop” solution provider.  Performance is rising steadily, and development is continuing well: companies, with their own high-quality sophisticated manufacturing capacity + supply chain control capacity + quality customer resources, with multi-product device production capacity and modular replacements
Manufacturing capacity, rapid income expansion, 250 million yuan, an increase of 20.14 per cent in the first half of 2019, with high-quality light components, components, instruments and higher levels of Māori, influenced by competition in the market, remaining at 50 per cent.
▪ Expanding the no-source solution is the key to increasing the volume of value: Wirtschaftsprüfer is a high-end unsourced device as a whole Program providers have been working to reduce client communication costs, improve product productivity, and provide a great boost and safeguard to the light module, where new products from customers take over the market.
The cost of the chip is about 20 percent, the cost of the optical device is more than 70 percent, and the value of the received components such as Tosa and Rosea is the highest in the cost of the optical device, so expanding the line of the passive device product and upgrading the product as a proportion of the cost of the whole light module is key to increasing its value.
▪ The luminous telecommunications market continues to unfold, and the market is ready for the future: as the network architecture evolves, idc 10g module and 4 100g module or 8 40g module, according to the number of ovum, the global demand for 100g products has grown to close to 16 million by 2021.
Networking will also lead to a steady increase in demand for light modules. According to statistics, changes in the structure of the 5g-carryed network led to a demand for approximately 37 million light modules and a market space of about $60 billion.
Since its inception in 2005, Teen Moor has been focusing on the communications industry, and has been an early earner of a good customer and market reputation as a traditional lightless device manufacturer, based on good product quality and delivery capacity.
, which is now the leading provider of the industry-wide high-end non-sourced device package, high-speed light device encapsulating odm/oem. Tienfue currently has five fully-owned subsidiaries, one holding subsidiary, from the manufacture of the device and the abundance of the product line.
Rich, up to automation and the creation of marketing networks, subsidiaries strategically positioned with their parent companies and involved in promoting industry front-line and common key technology development, breaking through key technology and common technology supply bottlenecks in the industrial chain, and acting as industry-leading one-stop provider of optical telecommunication components.
Fibre communication further accelerates the upgrading of R & D capabilities to provide one-stop depth services to downstream light module clients. 1.2. Product lines continue to be enriched, and there are three main product lines for T feng communication prior to listing: ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and optical and hair-received interface components.
Ceramic tubes are used mainly for fibre-optic activity connections, and fibre-optic adapters are used mainly for docking between fibre-optic jumpers. The interface component is the port of the optical module, which directly affects the transmission power and stability of the optical module.
The supply of components has shifted to the concept of oms optical electronic manufacturing services, and the foil communication has evolved from a zero-component supplier to its own positioning into an integrated high-end non-sourced device provider and high-speed light device encapsulating oem manufacturers, which have now successfully developed 10 new product lines.
Figure 2: The three main product lines of SkyFoot are transformed into ten main product lines, with a strategic positioning around the oms platform, resulting in an integrated layout of seven product solutions that provide a vertically integrated one-stop solution for downstream customers, including, inter alia, high-speed coax attachments, high-speed box devices.
In the first half of 2019, communications in the sky became operational.
The rapid growth in the gross income of the telecommunications company was due mainly to the increased capacity and income of several new product lines, such as separators, wires, cable connectors, and osa, during the reporting period. At the same time, the company’s overseas market sales continued to grow at a high rate, reaching gross revenue from the foreign operations of the telecommunications company in 2018.
$147 million. Sales revenue amounted to $97 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 44.52 per cent in the same year. We believe that the main reason for the high growth in the foreign revenues of Skyfu communications in recent years was to take advantage of localized services of United States affiliates, to increase the responsiveness and efficiency of the services of large offshore clients and to use the company ' s multi-technology platform and multi-product line.
In addition, it has accumulated high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, and has established long-term stable strategic partnerships with clients. In terms of net profits, during the first half of 2019, it achieved a net return profit of $7.736 million, compared to the same period in the previous year.
42.38% increase. The net profit increase is higher than the operating income, as a result of such factors as the profit contribution of new product lines into volume production of scale and the revenue from idle self-financing and collection of funds, which shows a higher quality of communications in the sky than in the air, which, in general, generates a double increase in operating income and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In order to increase the demand for information and to build a global 5g communications network, which will further boost rapid industry growth, the steady growth of the communications sector will also further boost the demand for optical devices in the market, and communications from the sky will continue to grow in revenue and net profits in the future.
In view of the change in the cash flow for the telecommunications operation, there has been a steady increase in the flow of operating cash, indicating that the business is doing well. The flow of investing cash from the telecommunications industry has also increased steadily, indicating that the company is increasing its investment capacity.
The sale cost of the filiation communication was $4.487 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 2.87 per cent over the same period. However, the cost of sales was smaller and the cost increased more slowly, while expenditure on management costs (including R & D) was larger, with management costs of $14.51 million in the first half of 2019, representing an increase of 16.93 per cent over the same period, largely due to the increase in the cost of corporate equity incentives.
Financial expenses have been kept negative in the first half of 2019, when the company ' s financial costs were $15.5 million, a 50.24 per cent decrease over the same period. Overall, controls over communications costs were better managed, especially in terms of financial costs.
Given the rapid growth and expansion of the operation of the main telecommunications base, the net profit from the communication will continue to rise as future products continue to upgrade and customer quality continues to improve. In terms of R&D spending, the increase in R&D investment in communications continues, with R&D spending increasing from year to year, in the first half of 2019.
R & D expenditure amounted to $2.749 million, an increase of 21.31 per cent over the same period last year, and R & D investment accounted for more than the current operating income.
The organizational structure of the R & D sector has been improved, and the introduction of high- and middle-level R & D talent within the industry has continued to increase, enriching the R & D ladder. With product innovation, improved organizational structure, and the introduction of talent, its performance is expected to grow further in the future.
Photocommunication is a light wave-borne communication method and is an important technology for the construction of modern communication networks.
From 2000 to the present, our light communication industry, which has undergone two major developments, is now in its third emitting phase. The light communication module consists mainly of light-launching components, light-receipt components, power-driven circuits and light, power interfaces, etc., and is used mainly for light-electric and electrical-light signal conversion. At the sender end, a certain speed of the telecommunications is driven by the power-driven chip processing.
Laser (ld), which transmits a modem light signal at the appropriate speed, controls the circuit automatically through the light power, and produces a light signal at a steady rate. At the receiving end, the light signal input module at a given rate is converted from the light detector (pd) to a telecommunications signal, which is exported at the appropriate rate after the pre-magnifier.
Figure 13: Light module structure map (sfp+ encapsulation) 3.2. Our light communication industry is large and not strong, and nuclear “core” technology is still short-board.
Countries such as Japan, Korea, and the United States, among others, are leading in technology; China has steadily increased its influence and is now the world’s largest broadband country, with firms such as China, Fire, and Central Hing already having some competitive power. Figure 14: The global light and communications industry is largely concentrated
China’s light and communications market has grown strongly in recent years, but in terms of competitive industrial chains, countries such as Japan and Korea occupy the core of the entire industrial chain’s photo/electric chips and light components, with China mainly focusing on the encapsulation business. In light modules, there is a fragmentation of high- and low-end products, with the country now dominated by medium- and low-speed modular products, with high-speed modular products accounting for a low proportion of high-speed products.
In advanced countries like Japan and America, the technical barriers to upstream core chips and light components are high, market concentration is higher than middle-light modules, bargaining power is stronger, so from low-end to high-end devices, and as technology becomes more difficult, chip costs are in the cost of light modules.
Currently, our 10gb/s rate of photochip domestication is close to 50 per cent, 25gb/s and above rates of photochip national production is well below the 10gb/s rate, and domestic suppliers have just completed the development of 25gb/sdfb laser chip in addition to the small amount of 25gb/spin and apd devices available.
From the core chip capability analysis, domestic firms currently have only 10 gb/s speed and below lasers, detectors, modem chips, and plc/awg chip manufacturing processes, as well as the design, containment capabilities of supporting ic. There are significant differences between the overall level and the international pole industry, especially when high-end chip capabilities are 1 to 2 generations behind those of the developed countries of Japan.
3.3. The country ' s light communication industry is moving forward with 3.3.1. Policy plus, with clear development objectives, and now 5g has become part of a national strategy, the key to global seizure of the high points of technology, light communication.
Policy dividends have been released on an important basis for 5g communications, with the “Broadband China” strategy becoming a national strategy with development goals: by 2020, broadband networks will cover urban and rural areas in a comprehensive manner, with 70% coverage for households with fixed broadband. Government policy encouragement and support will provide a strong boost to technological innovation in the industry and inject strong energy into the development of the light communication industry
At present, the governments of major countries and regions around the world, such as the United States, the European Union, Russia, Brazil, and India, have developed broadband development strategies to encourage and promote the development of the national optical communications industry. The country’s optical communications industry has made remarkable progress: fibre-optic broadband has accelerated, and access to the network is already based.
By the end of 2018, the total number of fixed-net broadband users in the country ' s three operators had reached 407 million, representing a net increase of 5884 million households, of which 368 million, or 90.4%, of the total number of fixed-net broadband users, an increase of 6.1 pp from the previous year. Meanwhile, the trend towards high-speed migration of broadband users was becoming more evident, as of 2018.
At the end of the year, the total number of fixed Internet access users of 100 mbps and above reached 286 million, representing 70.3 per cent of the total number of fixed network broadband subscribers, an increase of 31.44 pp over the previous year.
Figure 19: Ratio of fixed broadband access rates to users in 2018 The optical electronic chip industry is the core component and cornerstone of the light communication industry as a whole, with countries increasing their R & D support for critical technologies common to the optical electronic chip, and fostering large internationally competitive enterprises to ensure low-end photovoltaic power by mid-2022
The domestic production rate of the microchip is over 60%, and the national production rate of the high-end optical chip is over 20%. 3.3.2. The rise of domestic giants has steadily increased their influence, as the domestic light and communication industry has become more sophisticated than abroad, and so the domestic light and communication industry is in the same run.
We are now making significant progress in the light communication industry, which is represented by China, China, China, China, China, China, and China.
While the share of the luminous network equipment industry in half the world market has gradually expanded its influence, our share of the global market is only about 13 per cent for the major optical devices enterprise upstream, and the core equipment will be our luminous telecommunication product in the future.
The Chinese communications giant, represented by China and China, is now in a favourable position in the 5g competition, both in terms of technical standards, market layout and research and development of new products.
In terms of domestic industrial clusters, mainly located in Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan, Shenzhen and Chengdu, the western regions of Chengdu have now become new directions for the transfer of the light communication industry.
3.4.1.idc construction has accelerated, demand for light modules has steadily increased The spread of mobile Internet has significantly increased the speed and quantity of data generated, driving the rapid growth of mobile Internet traffic, and has further boosted the rapid growth of cloud computing and idc markets.
According to the 2016-2021 report, the global data centre traffic will increase from 6.8 zb in 2016 to 20.6 zb. According to the Advisory Survey, the total size of China ' s Idc business market in 2018 amounted to $122.8 billion, an increase of 29.8 per cent over the same period, an increase of over 28 billion yuan over 2017 and an increase in demand for the Idc market, while increasing with the fifth generation of mobile communications technology
(5g) Advances and commercializations will result in qualitative impacts and changes in the idc industry, driving China ' s idc business market rules, and, as the network structure evolves, the number of light modules that individual cabinets will need to be configured has increased significantly. In traditional data, the front-end network is divided into core, convection and access layers, while low-time demand drives the structure to shift to two layers.
Increased light module requirements. Eight 40-g light modules and 0.8 100-g light module blocks are required for the idc single case under the three-storey structure, and 40 10g light modules and 4 100-g light modules or 8 40-g light modules are required for the single case under the two-storey structure.
In 2010, the number of China’s data centres had reached about 504,000, increasing cumulatively to about 1 million in recent years. In recent years, the size of our new data centres has increased from 11% in 2013 to around 1 million in the global market.
In 2017, 29 per cent of the total was projected to be close to 50 per cent in 2020, which is that by 2020 the number of new data centres in China will be half the number of new ones worldwide.
To meet the technical requirements of 5g, mobile operators have introduced a “c-ran” network access architecture, which has changed dramatically with the carrier network. The 5gran access network will evolve from the 4g/lte bbu, rru to the cu, du and aau levels.
Figure 26: Comparison of 4g with 5g carrying solution 5g initial commercial single base bandwidth peak of about 6 gbps, with average bandwidth of about 3 gbps. On this basis, the access layer equipment client interface takes 10 g/25 g, the network interface takes 50 g/100 g, and the capacity of 320 g and above is required.
Convergence layer equipment: The side of the line needs to be supported by 200 ge, requiring capacity above 2.4 t. Core layer equipment: the side of the line needs capacity at 200 ge/400 ge, requiring capacity above 6.4 t. 5g to carry a change-driven light module of about 37 million needs and market space at about 60 billion.
The construction of the 5g base station is expected to increase faster than the construction of the 3g base station by 59.93% per year, and the 4g base station by 108.60% per year in 2015. With the deployment of the 5g station and the progress of the 5g comptoir, we expect the construction of the 5g base station to increase faster than the construction of the 3g and 4g base station.
The base station for the 3.5-g spectrum with connectivity is 322 metres in range, and Chinese connectivity experts expect that, in order to achieve the desired response speed, the number of 5-g-based stations will be at least 1.5-2 times that of 4-g.
According to the consultant, the global market for light network equipment was $12.5 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $14.5 billion in 2020, an increase of 357 per cent over the same period.
The global market for light devices reached $11.6 billion a year and is expected to grow from $1.62 billion in 2020 to $2.68 billion in 2020, with a composite acceleration of 10.6 per cent, while focusing on non-sourced light devices, to gradually develop active light devices to respond to and meet market demand.
At present, the lightware industry has a much larger market for source-based devices than for non-source-based devices. The photo-receipt of source-based devices takes up the bulk of the market share of light-based devices. According to the Industrial Information Network, the output value of the source-received modules exceeds 60 per cent of light-based devices, which play a vital role in different areas of disaggregation, such as the end of input and the end of transmission.
The rise of the 5g network has contributed to the enhancement of the network and the demand for big light devices. The 5g base station needs to be connected to the light network, the base station equipment has to be converted into a telecom re-modify to wireless signals, and each base station has multiple photo-receiving modules, so there is a strong demand in the market for the optical-receivable interface components.
This, in turn, has led to a unique opportunity for a massive upgrade of the network. 4. Strategic clarity and focus on the one-stop solution provider 4.1. One-stop solution have clear advantages.
4.1.1. Research and development continues to build on the one-stop solution provider, enabling companies to transform into a “one-stop” solution provider, constantly enriching the product lines and upgrading core technology in high-speed light package solutions and high-end non-sourced solutions as a whole, while providing customers with optical zero component products
At the same time, it provides professional advice, engages in client work, shares heavy research and development tasks for clients on a “one-stop” basis, supports strategic clients’ rapid and efficient research and development, and lays a solid foundation for companies to upgrade their oms platforms.
Eight technology platforms, such as the Building Technology Platform, the Fa Fibre Array Design Technology Platform, the Box Seal Manufacturing Platform, the Parallel Optical Design, and the Manufacturing Technology Platform, meet the differentiated needs of different clients. The Auxiliary Company product has evolved from its component parts to the Abil communication that has now formed Sioux State as its headquarters and R & D centre, Japan and Jiangxi as its R & D branch and student.
Figure 34: Distribution of telecommunications plants in the foil industry 4.1.2. Trends in industry vertical patterns are gradually emerging, and cost and bargaining advantages are more evident. The main model of the current light module is the idm model, where raw materials such as chips, unsourced devices, etc. are procured from outside.
As the light module application scenes are enriched, the variety of products are enriched, leading to important changes in the type and form of the light module. From the point of view of the supply demand for the light device, the cost advantages of the Skybilk communications are more pronounced, and the bargaining power is stronger.
1. Demand-side choice of surrogate production, with lower costs and better rates. First, lightware variety, different types of wrapping, so choosing surrogate production reduces the cost of business investment and does not require input into the various types of encapsulation. Second, professional sealers are more costly and proficient, and good products are good enough to go further.
For example, in a light module of the 400gsr8 series, unsourced devices include: Lensarray, high-speed fibre-optic connectors, cob coupling (for-work), adaptor and metal pin needles, etc. The light module requires at least three to four suppliers to complete these packages of research and development, including multiple one-way and more.
2. The high output of containment equipment and the difficulty of the containment process, both in the form of passive devices and in the form of source device technology, required for surrogates, have resulted in the current fragmentation of upstream surrogate resources and high entry thresholds.
For foreign Fabrinets, currently the only provider in the country that can provide a “one-stop” solution upstream of the light module, it is more cost-effective than the cost of its own encapsulation by the light-module manufacturer, while scarce resources and production capacity increase the ability to negotiate.
4.2. Strategic positioning and a steady increase in performance period 4.2.1. Strategic positioning of products: overall programme provider of high-end non-sourced devices to 10g/40g/100g module market with the construction and flow of large-scale, mega-data centres
There are also more opportunities for manufacturers that provide core unconnected components for cellular products such as Skyfetting, which are now well-established worldwide in collaboration with SkyFoot Communications, which continues to evolve around the strategic positioning of the "one-stop solution provider for precision components of optical communication"
New products are being developed in 10 product lines, such as ceramic tubes, ceramic cores, fibre optic adapters, optical reception interface components, osa high-speed optical devices oem, optical isolation devices, mpo high-density cable connectors, fibre optic lenses, etc. The primary sourceless device solution is in the lead and is currently in a leading position in the industry.
The vertical integration of optically free-sourced devices for Skybil communications can be effective in shortening the R & D cycle of passive products in light modules, reducing customer communication costs, improving product productivity, providing a significant boost to the market capture of new products from light-based modules customers and strategic positioning of markets: adhering to “integrated” programme providers, adhering to the strategic positioning of the oms platform
Wirtschaftste is accurately located, does not involve client-end light module products, adheres to complete light component supplier positioning, helps clients to break through the bottlenecks in product development, reduce selection costs, speed up product validation and listing, and currently includes domestic customers, mainly firms with intermediate scavenging, optical and pon light modules, and foreign clients are mainly Finisar, aaoi, and
Keep moving forward with the oms platform strategy and deepen the implementation of the `integrated' strategy; the oms tradition is that clients place orders on their suppliers, suppliers only supply products that they need, and there is little understanding of the client's project progress.
Household projects have problems at some points, requiring a lot of effort and time to examine and analyse the problems. The optical manufacturing services (oms) offered by the foil communications are designed to provide clients with optical zero-component products, while also providing professional advice, engaging in the customer’s work on the ground and sharing the heavy research and development tasks of the client’s “one-stop shop”
At the same time, horizon communication actively upgrades technology and product road maps, improves organizational structures, and better meets and matches client needs.
Sample certification of a key client to enter the scale of pre-natal preparations Second, the organizational structure of the R & D department is being improved to further refine internal and external resources through the establishment of a new R & D department/project management department, with focused clients providing R & D integration support capacity and expertise in new technologies, new directions, new products
4.3. Deepening the non-source device solution is the focus of increasing the volume of value: the chip cost is about 20 per cent of the cost of the light module, the optical device cost is over 70 per cent, the received components such as Tosa and Rossa are the most valuable of the cost of the optical device, and the lasers for the light transformation in the light-received component are the most valuable.
(b) The optics (dfb) and PV detectors (apd) account for nearly 80 per cent of the value of the chips and 20 per cent of the cost of the pieces and the cost of encapsulation, etc. The foil communication has been expanded from the original ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapter and three product lines of the PV interface components to ten.
Large product lines, coupled with seven solutions, constantly raise the share of sbilling in the cost of light modules. Therefore, lifting and deepening the sourceless solution is the focus of elevating sbilling. 5. Profit prediction versus investment rating
Wirtschaftsprüfers continue to deep-plough the lightware business, maintaining stability in domestic and foreign operations, maintaining a steady increase in performance based on existing technology and brand excellence.1 Income from traditional core business has steadily increased, and steady growth in the light communications industry has further boosted the lightware market
2. Experimental products and R & D projects are progressing as expected, while based on a strong core pool of technological resources, active 3, core client partnerships are stable, and as the product application landscape becomes richer and more local, corporate products will cover more customers and companies.
We expect that the rate of increase in the foil communications after the 5g technology moves more rapidly to the commercial and light communication industries, the rate of increase in the harvest and the level of Māori for each product will remain relatively robust, and the stability of the traditional lightless device business and the layout of the luminous devices will allow us to believe that the filiation is upstream of the light module and will have a more competitive advantage over our counterparts and will continue to perform steadily.
1. Unsourced device solutions and high-speed light device solutions lead, while product lines are enriched and expanded step by step to increase the share of products in the cost of light modules, with a marked increase in value.2 In contrast to industry enterprises, domestic lead “integrated” solution providers are among the products that include raw materials.
It is expected that the packaging of the device will be less costly and that the solution will be more professional and competitive, and thus more certain of performance than that of the peer-to-peer telecommunications.3 Upstream productive resources are scarce and have a greater advantage in negotiating prices with downstream clients.
4 - The current 5g construction of accelerated layouts, the demand for light modules such as inter-media and photo-team technology for downstream customers, and the benefits of the 5g host network solution, the greater demand for light modules, so that Skyfu communications is an upstream light module, and we keep an eye on business developments related to corporate light devices, and we expect pss to be 2019-2021, respectively.
1. New product lines are not expanding as expected: if the company ' s new product lines are not moving as fast as expected, or if a light communications market is cold for performance, there is insufficient demand from downstream producers; if the market is weak and downstream demand is insufficient, there may be adverse effects on the company ' s operations;
3. Continued price volatility on the product line: if the company ' s prices on the product line continue to fluctuate, they may affect overall performance; 4.5g industrial process does not advance as expected, operators ' capital expenditures are not settled in a timely manner and network construction is delayed