Wei Hongmei, who is reporting a new opportunity for communication upgrades and a division of light module industry.
Communication upgrades to pull light module requirements. Photocommunications are fast-paced to meet modern communications requirements of $ 0340513040002, and light modules are a key link in ensuring that light communications are carried out properly.
Communications from 4g to 5g mean that the network needs to be upgraded and the light module upgraded to an important part, thus requiring a large number of high-performance light modules on the side of the base station. At the same time, the construction and upgrading of idc, driven by cloud computing, is taking place simultaneously.
In this context, both information exchange within and between data centres will require the involvement of the light module and, as the volume of data increases, the performance of the light module will be more demanding.
In both the telecommunications and data markets, there will be an increase in light module performance in the big data age, and demand will increase. The division of light module industrial chains will evolve. The division of light module industrial chains will be based on cost.
As a result of this trend, industrial sub-unions tend to focus more on their own links, which can also help in the development of the industry. At the same time, this will make it possible to set up a research assistant who is originally part of the industrial chain terminal: Xiaolong.
In this trend, companies with up-and-down integration capabilities will be favoured. For Fabrinet, communication is unique. Fabrinet is the global producer of optical products.
Top firms, industries, and downstream customers have a global advantage in the introduction of products. The T-shirt is located upstream of the light module, in the industrial chain, producing high-value-added and low-value-added products, while at the same time providing a holistic solution.
In the case of industrial division of labour, the ferret communication and the Fabrinet provide similar services. Fabrinet can be integrated into the customer development process in terms of product introduction.
In the second half of 2015, the company launched a series of new products, such as OSa high-speed communications light-rate devices, photo-received components with sequesters, barrel, mpo, etc., and launched a series of new products in 2018.
The year saw the completion of a non-public fund-raising campaign to increase investment in research and development and production of related products. With new products coming into operation and improved capacity, companies are expected to improve in terms of revenue collection and Māori.
At the same time, the division of labour in the light module industry has become a trend that benefits companies with vertical integration capabilities in the case of industrial division of labour. Companies are upstream of the light module, producing only three products from the beginning of the market to today’s top ten product lines and seven.
A technology platform can provide an overall programme of high-end non-source devices and high-speed light devices encapsulation oem. The company’s new products have a certain advantage in the process of progressive release and in cost control, maintaining a higher level of new output than expected; changes in national policies, etc.
1. A gorgeous upgrade from the producer of the lightless component to the platform provider 1.1 The industrial development has been successful, starting with the lightless component. Suzhou Fook Light Communications Inc. was established in July 2005 and listed on the business board in 2015.
The Department's ongoing development, the consolidation and upgrading of the industry, and the current main business include the development and development of optical devices in the field of optical communications, high-precision manufacturing and marketing operations, high-speed optical devices encapsulation of odm/oem operations, and so on.
The Department’s development has been bottled up, but it has gradually gained the trust of its clients and opened the market with the development of new and over-quality products and products. For four years now, companies have been developing products that have no sources of energy, as well as industries that are upstream of products, with the power to open markets and control costs, and to effectively raise the company’s ceiling.
In the light device chain, it is clear that neither the upstream photochip nor the downstream light module is involved. The company relies on the vertical integration capability of the industrial chain, based on two major business plates: the High-end Unsourced Device Whole Programme and the High-speed Light Device Encapsulation Oem, which are strategically positioned in the field of light communication for advanced optical electronic manufacturing services (oms).
From its inception to its initial listing, the company was a traditional lightless component manufacturer, mainly for ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and photoreser components. After its listing, the company was active in the production of optical devices.
Optical isolation devices, mpo high-density cable connectors, fibre optic lens arrays (lensarray), optical plating films, core plugs and mux/demux couplings.
In the case of light communication, it is widely used in the areas of telecommunications, data communications, and the network of things. Figure 1: Ten product lines for the foil communication.
The world market was 7.73 per cent, 6.87 per cent and 5.81 per cent respectively, the fibre optic adapters were 1.98 per cent, 1.22 per cent and 1.55 per cent respectively, and the light-to-manufacture interface components were 10.81 per cent, 8.96 per cent and 10.84 per cent, respectively.
In addition to the drop in the pick-up rate, higher growth rates were maintained for the rest of the time, while corporate collection of light-source devices was expected to lead to a further increase in the capacity of source-based devices. 1.2 From product production to programme delivery, the scope of operations is expanding.
The scope of operations is expanding. As the unsourced device business gradually opens up its market, the company begins to engage in the light-sourced market and introduces the Osa module. The company is also moving to fast lanes in the operation of the whole light communication solution, which has now resulted in seven solutions, the high-speed coax package and the high-speed box.
The package solution has served clients. Figure 4: The seven main programmes of Skyfu communications actively deploy overseas markets, and the share of overseas receipts is gradually increasing.
The U.S. subsidiary was established in September 2018 to expand sales to the U.S. market and is currently in the early stages of operation. The company’s board of directors considered and adopted the U.S. wholly-owned subsidiaries in August 2019.
The objective is to speed up the overseas layout and to give new dynamism to the company’s overseas revenue collection. 2. Communications industry upgrades, with a breakdown of the market-driven light module demand increasing, the 2.1 light module is an integral part of the light network.
Light communication becomes the dominant option for communications network construction. Light communication, because of its fast-paced nature, meets the demands of modern communications and becomes the mainstream in the choices for network construction. In light communications, signals are transmitted in the form of light in the network, but the endpoints using the signal are used as a medium for transmitting information. To achieve the conversion of both signals, hit.
The light module is, in essence, a PV conversion. The light module is a connection module that functions as a PV, with two ports, the sender and the receiver. The sender converts the signal into a light signal, and transmits it through fibre-optics.
The reception then converts the light signal to a telecom. The module consists of optical electronic devices, functional circuits, and light interfaces, and the optical electronic device consists of both launching and receiving parts. The light module is divided into p2p light modules and p2mp light modules, depending on the scene used. The conventional light module is representative of a point-to-point, and the module is used in pairs, using one or more.
Two fibre-optics are transmitted from a distance, mainly to the backbone network of the communication network. The pon light module is a point-to-point, multi-point representative. The greatest feature of this is that it can not be used, but it is transmitted at a shorter distance of about 20 km, primarily for communication network access.
The demand for light modules originates in the communications market. Light communication technologies are more widely used in the communications market because of their high transmission capacity, distance and speed compared to the previous generation of technology. Light modules serve as the information transceiver for the entire network, and their performance has far-reaching implications for the efficiency of the entire communications network.
Letter equipment, ultimately embedded in the telecommunications and data and communication markets. The replacement of communications technology and the expansion of data centres will lead to an increase in the demand for light modules. The cost of basic devices is higher. Depending on the need for extra energy-driven devices, they can be divided into light-sourced devices and lightless devices.
. The lightless device is used to achieve the transmission of light signals; the light-sourced device is used for signal magnifying, changing, etc. The most important photochip in the light device is the photochip, and the most basic is the light component. The light component consists of ceramic tubes, ceramic cores, fibre optic adapters, and the photorecording component. At cost, the two devices account for a larger share of the total cost of the light module.
For light chips, we are still more dependent on imports, and national production substitutes are available only on low-end products. As a result of the breakthrough in research and development of advanced manufacturing enterprises and autonomous products acquired by our enterprises abroad, domestic firms have acquired some advanced technology for the production of light components, which can be replaced by national production.
2.2 In the big data age, the demand for light modules is rising. 2.2.1 telecommunication light module: 5g communications for mobile network upgrading, communications technology for alternative-led construction. On June 6, this year, the Ministry of Technology and Communications moved to China for telecommunications, China, China for connectivity, and China for communication.
China has a 5g commercial license plate, which marks the country’s 5g commercial entry to the new stage. According to the plan, three major operators are using different frequency bands, China’s telecommunications: 100 mhz from 3.4ghz-3.5ghz; China connection: 3.5ghz-3.6ghz; China moves: 160 mhz from 2515mhz-2675hz and 4.8gz-4.9ghz from 4.8ghz. by c=v.
As you can see, the higher the frequency of the wave, the smaller the wavelength, given the speed of transmission of the electromagnetic wave. In the 5g era, by increasing the frequency of the electromagnetic wave, it increased the capacity of the channel and increased the efficiency of the transmission of information, but the lower wavelength increased the loss of signal during transmission, requiring the construction of more base stations to meet coverage requirements.
At the same time, the characteristics of 5g communications also require the construction of a more intensive base station to support the communications network at 4g for 5g, and the configuration of the base station equipment is being updated. Compared to 4g, the configuration of the 5g base station equipment has changed, bbu
The non-real-time parts of the original bbu will be separated and redefined to deal with the non-real-time protocols and services. Some of the physical layer processing functions of the bbu are combined with the original rru and the unsourced antennas into aau. In the 4g era, only pre- and retransmissions will be processed, while new generation technologies have increased transmission, with new requirements for data transmission.
The change in the message technology will certainly lead to an upgrade on the side of the base station. Figure 12:4g differs from 5g communications.
Basic resources, which require substantial input to meet communications requirements. There is a need for storage upgrades in the 5g network for light modules, as well as an increment due to changes in the communications architecture. 5g pre-circulation faces the challenge of a shortage of fibre optic resources, 5g initially using a low-frequency network, 3g/4g/5g co-stations adding up fibre optic resources, and 5g having a high-frequency group during maturity.
Nets or low-frequency points require additional fibre optic resources. In response to this challenge, wdm technology is an effective technical tool to solve pre-transit problems. Otn has a natural large bandwidth, hard pipeline, with a one-by-one photo layer jump to and otn time to optimize evolutionary capabilities, as well as a rich management and transport mechanism, with the most top-to-end otn network.
A strong competitive advantage. From the 5g network structure, the limitations of fibre optic resources and innovations in communication technology for the pre- and re-transit parts that existed in the 4g era require upgrading of the corresponding location of the light module, while the middle-transmitt part of the bbu split is the light module increment. The 5g network requires a higher performance of the light module than in the 4g era.
The upgrade of the network will increase the demand for the upgrade of the light module. The construction of the 5g base station is robust, and the demand for the light module will be scaled up. At present, China Connect and China Telecom have agreed on a common network that will build the 5g network in each region, which will accelerate the speed of the 5g commercial network on both sides.
By the end of 2017, the number of 4g base stations nationwide was 3.89 million, and the total number of 5g base stations is approximately 5 million if the density of 5g continuous coverage is 1.5 times that of 4g equipment. Taking into account the combination of spectrum, coverage, cost, etc., it is assumed that the number of 5g base stations is 1.4 times that of 4g to 4.5 million (not taking into account the small base station) and the number of small base stations is 4.5 million.
At a recent seminar, the China Mobile Institute launched an open-wdm/mwdm programme, which will use 12 light modules in front of its 5g base station, a 100% increase in the number of light modules compared to the previous one. The way companies networked will vary, and there will be some light-to-peer modules used.
2.2.2 Digital communication light module: cloud computing leads to the construction of Internet data centres, leading to cloud computing in the age of big data. Communications technology is increasing, information consumption habits are increasing, and data is fast.
In the Internet age, data represent wealth. But big data analysis requires large-volume storage capacity and high-performance computing capacity, and if an enterprise relies on its own capacity to process and analyse data, objective factors can lead to increased costs, which may not be lost to an enterprise. This is the demand for cloud computing.
A basic architecture and business model that has been created in the context. Niist defines cloud computing as a fee-based mode that provides accessible, easy, needs-based network access, access to a configurable pool of resources (resources including networks, servers, storage, applications, services) that can be fast-tracked.
The focus of cloud computing will be different. In the big data age, the advantage of cloud computing will be highlighted, and the city will continue to grow at a high rate.
The idc (internetdatacenter), the Internet data centre, supports the establishment of specialized telecommunications rooms, such as Internet communication networks and bandwidth resources, and provides clients with a range of services such as server hosting, leasing, etc. The idc is, to some extent, a product of a more refined division of labour between enterprises, which store data.
To the data centre, the data centre provides equipment and services that are safer and more accessible to clients than local storage. Data are Internet-based access and transmission, i.e. the data centre needs to be built in a region where information is more sophisticated, such as communication lines, bandwidth resources, etc. The idc industry will be able to support the cloud computing industry as it develops and national policies support it.
The light module is critical in the data centre. Data connectivity in the data centre is based on light communication, and the light in the network is essential. The light module can be used in the data centre in two categories.
Intraconnectivity of data centres is achieved, and the other type is used to achieve interconnectivity between data centres (dci). Currently, the central cabinets are arranged in three-storey structures or foliage structures. In the same number of cabinets, three-storey structures are used in light modules more than in foliar structures, but the foliar structure is arranged in a way that increases the demand for high-speed light modules.
The ridge structure will be more efficient than the three-storey structure, either way. The light module is an indispensable link. The light communication between data centres is more inseparable from the light module. Under new developments, the low-speed light module used in existing data centres will be gradually upgraded, and the new component will be more robust.
The light module, the data centre's demand for the light module, has gradually become an important driver for the development of the market for the light module.
For the telecommunications network, with the gradual landing of 5g pre-light transfer modules consisting mainly of two major velocity types: 25gb/s and 100gb/s, supporting a typical transmission distance of hundreds of metres to 20 km, medium-return light.
The modules consist mainly of 25gb/s, 50gb/s, 100gb/s, 200gb/s, 400gb/s, etc., with typical transmission ranges from a few kilometres to hundreds of kilometres. For data communications, during periods of rapid growth in the artificial intelligence, physical networking industry, the data outbreak has taken place and the data centre ' s performance needs to be upgraded in line with the increase in the volume of data, with the light module rate going up.
From 100g to 200g/400g. More than 5g application sites are located, and light module performance rises without delay. 5g communications have faster user experience rates, lower time lags, and higher equipment connectivity density than 4g communications.
A strong mobile bandwidth (embb), a high-reliable low-time connection (urllc), and a sea mass combination (mmtc). 5g sites require a significant increase in the performance of the light module in the network. 25gbidi light module, 50g pulsed (pam4) photomode block, and a low-cost 100g-ray module are several typical of the demand for the light module in the 5g forward/intermediate/remote network.
In the 4g era, for example, the single model 10 gduplex meets the communication needs. But in the 5g network age, while the former network is still dominated by fibre-optics, the download speed is more than 10 times greater than 4 g, and the 25 gbidi light module is required. The two light modules are not just different in transmission rates, but also in the transmission of light signals.
There is a clear difference between the bidi light module used in the 5g era, which transmits a light signal in both directions in a fibre-optic. The upgrade of the light module will enhance the efficiency of the light communication network and the user’s experience, and as more applications are online, it will further facilitate the upgrading of the end-of-light module product.
A good horse with a saddle and a light device is upgraded simultaneously. The fibre-optic in-houses promoted by the country since 2013 have now been the main vehicle for network construction, with light communication, as well as the outbreak of the 5g communications network. In the light communication network, lightless devices are part of the system, in addition to the light module. As light module performance has improved, the light has become relevant.
Unsourced devices also need to be synchronized to meet communications requirements. For example, the previously used multi-core connector mtp/mp0 is 8/12/24. With the data explosion, the light module used in the data centre has been gradually upgraded and now the mpo has been upgraded to 24/32 core, with performance improvements.
There is also a need to upgrade as network performance increases, companies with high-end product R & D and production capacity will be better able to understand that the 2.4 industry chain division of labour will become a trend, and that there will be a clearer division of labour in industrial development needs. As light communications expands, communications upgrades will drive light modules and devices.
At the same time that the industry is enjoying the dividends of rising demand, the industrial changes and the constant decline in unit prices brought about by the new technologies are putting enterprises at a much more serious test of survival. Firms will face pressure to upgrade their entire industry, and the costs of upgrading their industry.
The process of loading, with the price of the light module falling every year, has made it very difficult to invest on a large scale in a variety of encapsulation processes. Under the pressure of cost and industry innovation, the terminal manufacturer has shifted from the Idm model for the self-assembled purchase of the device to the vertical division mode.
Programs, intermediate sub-plants are focused on quality and cost control of production. For the optical packaging market in the light module, enterprises with unsourced device production and photo-encapsulation technology can better take over the surrogate business and acquire high industrial output. Summary: demand for light modules from the development of communication networks and data centres.
The demand for telecommunication light modules will increase as the demand for station and base building increases. At the same time, the push to idc will increase the demand for digital communication light modules.
In the big data age, the question for the communications industry is how to quickly transmit and access data when the amount of data becomes larger. Under objective conditions other than the limitations of fibre optic resources, improving the efficiency of the transmission network is one of the solutions, while increasing efficiency depends on light.
Modular performance upgrades. Therefore, the upgrading of the light module is imperative. The trend in industrial development is seen in the division of light-based industrial chains. The division of light-based industrial chains based on cost will be a trend.
The chain terminal equipment manufacturer gives some of the process to the service provider for completion. In this trend, companies with up-and-down integration capabilities will be favoured.
3.1 pairs of fabrinets, search for development paths. 11,670 full-time subsidiaries with employees. Main business is the provision of optical packaging and precision optical, electromechanical and electron equipment manufacturers (oem) for the manufacture of optical communications components, modules and subsystems, industrial lasers, medical equipment and sensors.
In 2010, the company launched its first public collection on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States of America. In 2019, the company collected more than $1.5 billion, of which approximately $1.2 billion was generated by optical products, representing the world ' s optical industry.
Fabrinet started as a lightless device and developed into an optical product surrogate service provider. Among the surrogate services provided by Fabrinet, the products known as “low output, high mix” are the most distinctive. In the factory area, Fabrinet can provide an independent production area for the products it produces, which are large.
Most require higher production processes and more cumbersome processes. This type of production is defined as “in-plant plants.” Fabrinet is a professional process with deep knowledge in material science and physics, and its ability to customize optical devices and glass vertical integration will make it better to serve its customers in manufacturing.
Fabrinet is also productive in products. In the process of surrogates, Fabrinet sinkes into product design and excellence to better help clients improve their product competitiveness.
The construction of the Npi centre in Israel also began in 2018, an important step in the company’s focus on a new generation of business. The Npi centre helps to speed up the import of new products from its clients, equips the centre with the same basic equipment as the production base, and provides technical support for surface fittings and optical envelopes to import the product production process upon completion of the trial.
The current company’s plants are located mainly in Thailand, China, the United States, and the United Kingdom. Fabrinet has chosen a substitute solution to expand sales to include process design, engineering, and supply.
In terms of geographical distribution, the North American market continues to be the largest contributor to income, with 46.6%, 46.9% and 47.7% of the total manufacturing process from 2017 to 2019.
First-hand clients’ share of the concentration of income is becoming more apparent, contributing 20% of the company’s income in 2019. In summary, the main farm business is a substitute and has now moved from optical to other industries, but mainly optical products.
The company has a certain scale effect and a certain advantage in technology landing, and the company's presence at npi centres in the United States and Israel has facilitated the introduction and production stereotyping of new products. In the marketing of optical products, the company's main clients are the top players in the global light communication terminal industry, and downstream companies contribute head-to-head to the company's income.
In terms of production layouts, companies are based in Thailand for low-cost purposes, setting up production bases in countries such as China, and achieving transfer productivity at different levels of demand. In terms of the development of Fabrinet, the involvement of surrogate factories in the development of client products, in the case of industry, will be of some help in introducing new products and in the production site.
3.2 The foil communications business is moving steadily, the industry is expanding from the unsourced device product to the unsourced series of solutions, and the company is swimming in the light module industry chain. Compared to the beginning of the market, the company has upgraded the process and developed a large number of products on the lightless device, and relies on its own power in the non-sourced device.
Increased input into product development, the company constantly develops the high-value-added, non-sourced devices required for the light module, and gradually develops an integrated solution for the high endless device. When the new product is sampled, the volume is steadily increasing when the new capacity is released step by step.
The Division is committed to providing an accompanying product for the light module and positioning its operations in the industry chain of the light module. Companies have a high share of the total cost of the light module, and the collection of the device is expected to be driven by the increase in the volume of the light module.
The photo-receiving component is one of the solutions. The photo-receiving component is a top-of-the-art part of the photo-module envelope. In order to enhance the ability of the cell to communicate light, etc., the components are equipped with non-sourced devices such as wave-recycling (mux) and demux. The introduction of lightless devices in the components is improving their component properties.
At the same time, the encapsulation of sending and receiving components has become more difficult, and the awg technology for mux and demux sealing has become more mainstream. In the area of wgwdm, the company made significant progress in 2018, and in the same year it completed a non-public collection of $183 million, increasing the layout of awg and other envelopes, of which the awg product line is now in place.
In the future, with the large number of applications of the cwdm light module in data centres, 5g, etc., the demand for awg non-sourced devices will explode further. Products and positioning meet the conditions for surrogates, and the surrogates will move steadily.
A surrogate is an industry with a low entry threshold but a high profit threshold, and the surrogate plant needs to control its own costs strictly for profit purposes. As a result of a company based on two major business plates: the High-end Unsourced Device Whole Programme and the High-speed Light Device Encapsulation Oem, communications are strategically positioned in the field of optical electronic manufacturing services (oms).
The seven solutions that can be offered now provide the basis for their replacements, relying on the achievements of lightless devices and attempts at source devices. As the performance of light modules increases, the encapsulation of lightless devices becomes more difficult.
Vertical integration is a strong competitiveness. Unsourced device providers, as part of the light module industry chain, lacked insight into specific solutions to light modules because they provided only a single product or addressed some of the problems.
Positive pains. And the vertical integration of the lightless device has a very strong vertical integration capability, which effectively shortens the research and development cycle of the passive products in the module, while the new products of the power-based module take advantage of the market; on the other hand, it provides customers with a “one-stop” service that includes the open-source device photo-simulation, significantly reducing client communication costs, shortening the research and development cycle, and upgrading one.
There is an objective gap with Fabrinet, catching up with the innovation. The high-end non-sourced device as a whole is now available.
Both the program and the high-speed light package are in the initial stages, and Fabrinet has been working in the lightware industry for years. From the size of the collection, and from the number of employees, the largest difference is between sbilling and Fabrinet.
Fabrinet also relies on the quality poles set up by the lightware proxy, which are being developed for the industry outside the lightware. Although Skyfellow communications can provide a proxy service, their positioning and operating patterns and surrogates vary.
The whole program of devices is based on a high-speed light device encapsulation oem. Unlike traditional plants, which provide only related device manufacturing clothing, the implementation of one-stop solutions enhances customer stickyness and the ability to control prices if scale effects are achieved.
Summing up: The company is located upstream of the light module, in the middle of the industrial chain, producing high-value-added and low-value-added products, which together provide a holistic solution. The company has the capacity to integrate vertically and to participate in the product development process by providing a holistic solution for downstream enterprises.
Fabrinet has been able to integrate into household development in terms of the introduction of products, while Skyfu communications has gradually integrated and positioned itself to sink into the development of their clients. Collections have increased each year and growth rates have returned to higher levels.
The company’s net profits and net profits from deductions are similar to those from revenue collection. The company’s mid-year report for 2019 shows that the revenues in the first three quarters of 2019 were 384 million yuan, an increase of 18.18 per cent over the previous quarter, a gain of 126 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 38.47 per cent over the same period, and a net profit from deductions of non-repatriated mothers of 114 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 32.84 per cent over the same period.
Business data support the company’s increased ability to operate. The company’s operations are dominated by production, working capital and liquidity are important to the company’s operations. The company’s inventory turnover days are gradually declining, with 97 days reported as of the third quarter of 2019, with an inventory turnover rate of 2.78. The company’s capacity for inventory control is improving.
At the same time, there was an increase in the turnover of accounts payable and accounts payable, indicating an increase in the use of funds by companies.
The net present ratio is more than 90%, the harvest ratio is around 100%, and both values are high. Corporate profits are higher than average operating profits in the telecommunications industry. From the product sub-products, the rate of gross-source devices has declined, while the rate of gross-source devices has risen, but the level of gross-ori is high, and the company's total Maori is higher than in the same industry.
Six months ago, the company achieved a Māori rate of 53.97 per cent, an increase of 5.26 per cent over the same period. As the high-end equipment project moves into production, the company’s Māori is expected to increase slightly.
The company ' s affiliates were not in the top five suppliers, while in 2018 the top supplier was the related party, accounting for 30.95% of the total. A lower share of external suppliers would reduce the company ' s dependence on a single supplier at the end of the raw material and increase its bargaining power over the raw material.
With customized features, with limited overall resources, an increase in client concentration will enable companies to increase the demand for 5g base stations and idc construction-led modules, which are now the dominant choice in the communications industry, while the role of the luminous modules in the luminous communication network is the conversion of PVs and is an important part of the network. Communication upgrades are already taking place.
The performance of the light module will have a greater impact on the efficiency of the entire communications network as it progresses. In the context of the development of 5g plans in various locations, the need for high-performance light modules will increase gradually at the base stations. The idc building and upgrading driven by cloud computing will also require high-performance light modules. This upgrade of communication will have a higher degree of certainty about the demand for light modules and a full range of light modules.
Investment advice: maintain a recommended rating. This upgrade will be highly demanding and certain for the light module, and will stimulate the whole industry chain for the light module. At the same time, the division of labour in the light module industry has become a trend, and in the context of the division of labour in the industry,
Companies have benefited from vertical integration. Companies are upstream of the light module, producing only three products at the beginning of the market, from the top ten product lines and seven technology platforms to provide an overall programme of high-end non-sourced devices and high-speed light installation oems.
The equivalent is 40-fold, 31-fold, 25-fold. 5g under construction: idc is not as popular as expected: product sales are not as high as expected: new production is not as high as expected: the country has 300 indexes of the “market index” reference point of this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.