Prices of rare earth concentrates have been raised again, and the company's performance has been stunned to 23 June 2022.
The agreement, with effect from 1 July 2022, provides for an adjustment of the sales price of rare earth concentrates to $39,189/tonne free of taxes (dry, reo = 50 per cent), 1 per cent per increase or decrease in reo, $783.78/tonne (dry) in non-tax prices, and a total transaction of rare earth concentrates of no more than 230,000 tons in 2022 (dry, reo = 50 per cent).
The \triangleright contract agreement price increased by 48.67% over the first half of the year round, and is almost closer to market prices.
In 2022, the total volume of rare earth concentrate transactions did not exceed 230,000 tons, up to 180,000 tons from the 2021 contract, and q4 performed less than expected, and the price of rare earth concentrates was expected to be 1.82 million tons of company rare earth rotor reserves, 450,000 tons of rare earth concentrate production capacity and rare earth plates.
The long-term outlook is wide. A world-famous treasure of resources is the White Cloud Obo mine owned by the holding stock group, which, as of 2021, had discovered 35 million tons of rare earth-dioxide reserves, the world's largest.
(600010) Prices for rare earth concentrates and total transactions are double ton. New energy vehicles downstream + power-efficient electric machines have the title, demand increases, supply-side domestic rare earth quotas are growing steadily, overseas mines are unlikely to increase in the short term, industry patterns remain in short supply, and companies sell rare earth at prices.
No, the bottom of the economy + double carbon policy supports the recovery of steel profits in the second half of the year. The company's steel production capacity \triangleright 17.5 million tons has formed a pattern of production of four fine lines: board, tube, track, line.
The demand is not as high as expected and the supply of upstream raw materials is limited, and the profits of the steel plant continue to shrink. For the second half of the year, under the “double carbon” scenario, the production of steel will continue to be reduced in 2022, and the supply of steel will continue to be constrained; demand will be accompanied by a “stable growth” policy, the effects of the epidemic will subside, and demand will return substantially to heat in the second half of the year, folding with scrap steel, iron ore and coal.
The supply of materials continues to recover, and profits are expected to recover significantly in the second half of the steel business.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.