Tourism retailii Deeply tied to head airport benefits for the long term
On January 13, Shanghai Airport issued an announcement to acquire 32% of un-campion shares held by phoenixdawn, corresponding to the core assets of Japan's subsidiary, Japan Shanghai, Japan and China.
In addition, Shanghai Airport will acquire 12,48% of the share in the Internet of the capital, the capital airport, tax-free shops under the Da Xing airport, and the share of online members in the purchase of business, amounting to 15.68%.
The owner and means of acquisition: a joint venture between Shanghai Airport and Shanghai Airport Corporation in Hong Kong, with Shanghai Airport accounting for 80% of the interests of the joint venture and Shanghai Airport investment accounting for 20%. The deal is subject to tax-exempt operations in Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, and Beijing, respectively.
It is worth noting that the shares acquired at Shanghai Airport this time are not related to China, but not related to China.
(a) The joint venture uni-chaampion (purchased by phoenixdawn) and the Bokhu Investment Office, which, in terms of trade matching, is below the historical average: (1) uni-chaampion assessment price of $4.219 billion, corresponding to only four times the company ' s profits in 2021, is below the average price of past tax-exempt assets;
(2) The daily Internet access assessment cost of $2.74 billion, corresponding to 10.8 xpe in 2021, is slightly lower than the previous average duty-free pricing. We believe that the low price of the acquisition may have been mainly taken into account in 2021 when the airport duty-free shop in question was exempted from high rent costs, resulting in excessive profits in 2021, compared to 2018-
In 2019, profits were expected to range from 9 to 10 times, but they were also slightly lower than previously tax-exempt assets The impact: top-flow airports and corporate interests were tied and domestic duty-free markets expanded The Shanghai airport acquisition landed, marking the largest international hub airport in the country, and the largest in the world
The market’s differences over the airport and the tax-free operators were based on bargaining power. But our previous view was that, based on their respective business attributes and the country’s policy of attracting consumption back, the two sides cooperated more than the game. This time, Shanghai airport and China were sidelined.
The interests of New York Airport, the city duty-free, the online tax-free, etc., will be tied, and the market's concerns will be completely eliminated. At the same time, with Shanghai airport becoming one of the Japanese shareholders, the cost of rents in the future will be more manageable, allowing further profit levels to be maintained.
Consumers, working together to make big domestic duty-free market cakes. Catalysts such as duty-free shop policies still exist, companies still have more medium- and long-term growth prospects, and companies maintain a “recommended” rating.
It's established that profit improvement and expansion of productive capacity are expected to unleash growth momentum, and the company follows China's middle-level exemption (601888.sh); the wind is rising and the land is off the island duty-free and perfected.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.