49% equity in investment companies, tax-free markets in the city 2023, March 14th, 2023 Keyword: #Current Reverse #Short Assets
▪ Events: On the evening of 14 March, China's Board of Directors issued an announcement to consider the adoption of a bill on investing in China's Expatriate Personnel Services Company Limited (later known as “Chinese apparel”), which decided to make a total of 1,228 million yuan yuan worth of enrichment by means of a private agreement in order to achieve 49 per cent equity.
Chinese uniforms are an important player in China’s tax-exempt industry, especially the main competitor of the current municipal tax-exempt stores. There are currently 29 tax-exempt projects, including 12 municipal tax-exempts, one off-island tax-free, and several ports and other duty-free shops.
Tax stores, which meet the need for duty-free purchases for 180 days after the departure of foreigners from the country, are scarcer and compete with the main duty-free market scene in the Central and Central Region, where foreigners leave the country.
With shareholders, the supply chain is expected to be initially integrated. We believe that in the case of the perfume class, the supply chain is expected to reduce costs through neutralization; in the case of the refined product category, the Chinese suit will fill its own imperfection.
The main players in the city’s tax-free shops are now Chinese and Chinese, foreign nationals leaving the country, and the country’s return, but the market is not as strong as it is due to the absence of the scene, the low quota, and so on.
Tax-free shops in the city are a “consumption-promotion” initiative that runs through the 14th Five-Year Plan.
Quick Performance Review: q4 passenger flow under pressure  profit forecasting and investment rating: gradual recovery of Hainan passenger flows, deregulation of the epidemic, international shipping lines, lower than expected, high tax exemption from the island in 2023
The recovery will allow the tourism retail market to expand at a higher rate again. Sino-Chinese market-free performance is expected to materialize on a quarterly basis, and companies will re-enter the market to increase their share of the market, and China will be favoured in the medium to long term.
A gradual recovery of travel across provinces and outbound travel as a tourist destination.
In China, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.