The year 2022 was the end of its performance, looking forward to the new growth of tax-free policies in the city.
At the same time, and in conjunction with media reports such as dfe, the company intends to participate actively in overseas airport bidding, etc.
(b) Personnel changes: the new chairman of Li Kong's company and the new director of Chen Guoqiang's company, who is expected to bring new expectations for company growth; (c) an overall 20 per cent increase in the tax exemption for Hainan this spring, a slight differentiation between Taiwan and China, and a slight pressure on tax-exempt growth under the high season base; and (d) the company's active participation in Incheon.
(d) Second is the prospect of the gradual liberalization of the tax-exempt policy within the city of the departure of foreigners from the country, based on the company's current municipal tax-free layout and its absolute domestic tax-exempt territory.
In combination with recent changes in international brands, such as lvmh, and domestic and international shopping environments, domestic retail tourism, especially in China, has increased international competitiveness over the past three years, and the impact of the diversion is manageable. Taken together, companies are expected to grow tax-free in the future “airport + on the sea south +” line, subjectively actively moving down supply lines, and the distribution of medium-line consumers is expected to continue to deepen in close proximity.
In China, the “buy-in” rating is maintained by the majority of China’s tourists (in tens of millions of volumes) in the year to the full realization of the billion-grade passenger flow of Hainan+Inbound and Outbound. In 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of $54,463 million, a decrease of 19.52%, and a net return profit.
Tax operations on the line affected income and performance by promoting lower net interest rates. First, duty-free sales under the Hainan Line were evident in 2022, with tax-free sales of $34,899 million/-29 per cent below the Hainan Province Line in 2022, with 4.2242 million purchases/-37 per cent directly affecting corporate income and earnings performance. Second, under the line, companies had to rely on line-based tax revenues, while net interest rates on line-line sales were very low (specifically).
We can refer to our analysis of China’s China China Central Exemption-In-depth Report-New Flagship Project, which is in the process of being opened, and renegotiating the value of long-term investments), which further drags the public to account for about 30% of the normal line of operations, and the South China Line, which accounts for a much lower share of net interest rates of 202,204. Meanwhile, 04 impairments and costs refer to new openings of new seaports, and so on, further straining the company’s performance in the business of 202,204.
1. Combined with the company ' s past q4 performance, it is generally necessary to account for the related annual fixed rigidity costs and the provision for impairment based on the size of the inventory, and reference is made to the Department ' s bulletin that the stock balance at the end of 2022 increased significantly over the same period, which in turn has led to a certain amount of stock impairment pressure, which has led to a downward pressure on its profitability.2 The company ' s New Seaport International Free City project opened on 28 October 2022, and the business environment remains poor after its opening in November-December, with a projected new q4 operating environment.
The overall loss and loss of the new seaport project has been delayed by the overall impact of project overhang, start-up costs, etc. Figure 3: Trends in duty-free sales in Hainan (pure line exemption) Figure 4: Trends in unit prices in Hainan exemption (pure line exemption)
Figure 6: Trends in quarterly net interest rate waivers in China
q4 refers to the impact of the opening costs of the new seaport project, which further affects the profitability of q4. Q4 Personnel changes: the new Chairman of Li Kong, who was promoted to the post of Vice Chairman of Chen Guoqiang in August 2019, led by the Chairman of the Board from 2017 onwards, was more active than before, with the accelerated release of subjective dynamic energy;
At the same time, Chen Guoqiang was promoted to the post of Vice-President of the company (the former General Manager was eliminated for many years). Overall, we believe that the company’s overall personnel changes meet expectations and are expected to bring new expectations for its growth.
According to the Henan Province Department of Commerce, during the spring holidays, for seven days, the 12 offshore duty-free stores in Hainan had a total sales value of $2,572 million (including taxes), an increase of 20.69 per cent, or 329 per cent, compared with the spring of 2019. Of this total, six offshore duty-free stores in China had sold $768 million, an increase of 20.69 per cent over the spring of 2022, an increase of 587 per cent over the spring of 2019, a particularly spectacular increase, which is expected to be driven, inter alia, by the new international duty-free city project at the new seaport.
Four off-island duty-free shops sold 1,723 million yuan, an increase of 259% over Spring 2019, but are expected to drop slightly from the same base as Spring 2022. While some investors have doubts about Sanya’s performance, we believe that there is still significant room for improvement throughout the year, and that the first phase of the Bay is expected to land in the second half of this year, and that further expansion of the third phase of cooperation with the Bay is expected to take place in the future.
China will participate in the Incheon Airport tax-free shop bidding competition, as reported by dfe, duffreport, etc. On 12 January, the Incheon Airports Association held a tax-free shop bidding session for 13 businesses, with the exception of the Korea tax-free shops of Lotte, Shinro, New World, etc.
At the same time, according to media reports such as dfni, 10 tour retailers from around the world have shown great interest in the tax-free bidding at aena airport. Looking ahead: Henan is recovering, and the city’s inner shop policy is looking forward to new growth, both domestically and internationally.
Looking ahead to 2023, we believe that, as soon as we see the contribution of liberalization + new projects, the company Hainan will grow tax-free, with a target of 80 billion in 2023 for Hainan Province, a significant increase of more than 60 per cent over 2022 (totalling only about 48.7 billion under the All China South Line in 2022), income from and profits from the South China operations are expected to result from the recovery of passenger flows in Hainan and the company ' s new seaport heavy-pound project, the tax-free expansion of Sanya Airport, the Bay Bay Phase 2 site, etc.
With the prospect of sustained growth, and with the liberalization of the exit from the country and the prospect of a tax-free policy within the city, this year may be expected to lead to an increase in the size of the future. (Reference may be made to our recent company report, Shanghai Airport Stock Exchange Day to help win together, looking forward to new opportunities for tax-exempting within the city.) Third, after completion of financing for Hong Kong, the company’s future capital operations, including overseas layouts, are expected to accelerate.
After a combination of changes in the local shopping environment in China, South Korea, Hong Kong, China, etc., and the emphasis of branders on change, taking into account factors such as the revival of the Hainan flow itself, we believe that domestic tourism retailing, especially Hainan, has become more competitive and looks forward to its continued growth in the future. In this context, combined with the most expensive Ivmh, parallel channels in global tourism retailing should be eliminated, reflecting to some extent the willingness of the initial branders to limit sub-purchases, especially in South Korea.
On the median line, the company is expected to build on the full range of tourist and tourist retailing flows in China and China, but is expected to help the company travel the entire chain of retail trade, and to do more. Restoring growth, and gradually freeing the country’s people from the city, the company relies on its existing city-wide tax-free layout and domestic tax exemptions.
It is hoped that the future benefits will be fully realized. In the future, the company’s international leader in tax-free status is expected to recover at a low base in 2023, new projects are expected to open up medium-line growth space, subjectively and actively take down the period of sustained and deep growth of future supply-chain flows, intra-city tax-free policies are expected to offer new opportunities, and the company will be able to grow completely tax-free in the future “airport + on the south-west” line, with the median consumer population expected to be from the south-west of the sea in recent years.
Major (tens of millions of Quantities) maintains a “buy-in” rating for the full realization of the billion-grade passenger flow on the Hainan+Exit Flows. Schedule: Prospection and valuation of profits by companies; Policy risks: exemption from Hainan Island and tax exemption within the city of departure of nationals may be lower than expected; systemic risks such as macro-epidemiology; operational risks:
The phase has the effect of a vicious price war; new projects such as the new seaport, Seagate Bay Phase 2 are operating below expectations. The future expansion of companies abroad is likely to be lower than expected; companies face international competition for tax-exempt leaders after the return of their trips and, if not properly addressed, downward pressure on sales and Maori rates; and other risks: exchange rate risks, and reforms by state companies may be less advanced than expected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject