A joint venture with Shanghai Airport Investment Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the "Shanghai Airport") was announced at Shanghai Airport.
“Joint venture” and a fully-owned subsidiary of the joint venture in Hong Kong (hereinafter “Hong Kong Corporation”), the joint venture will acquire 12.48 per cent of daily interconnections, and the Hong Kong company will acquire 32 per cent of the un-chaampion stock. The core assets of the un-chaampion will be Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, China, China, China, China and China.
The company cooperated with Shanghai Airport by bidding to open a tax-free shop and paying rent for the shop. To that end, the two companies cooperated mainly on the two airport lines of Shanghai Pudong and Rainbow Bridge. The largest shareholders in the connection were exempted from the market, with 41% of the shareholding, and the main ones were China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China.
China, China, China, China, Taiwan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Operators of duty-free shops and on-line bonded imports in Shanghai, Beijing, un-campion group of products
Maritime airport cooperation will be extended from the bottom to the line, and the geographical scope will be expanded, with both interests bound in depth. As the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers warms up, the two sides are expected to strengthen synergies and further improve operational efficiency.
With the impact of the new crown epidemic in 2022, the company’s tax-free sales were clearly under pressure, with revenues falling by 20.5% to 39.36 billion in the previous three quarters. In the short term, during the gradual recovery of the port duty-free shop, exemption from the island continues to be the backbone of the company’s performance.
New Year's Day has seen a return to travel and tourism, and according to the Customs Department, New Year's Day's tax-free shopping amounts of $422 million and a per capita sales value of $9816 have gradually returned to last year's same level. The spring festival is approaching, the heat of tourism in Hainan is rising, and tax-free travel off the island is expected to return to further warming.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.