2022 bottom-line performance, with expectations of more flower-driven performance upwards The year-on-year recurring domestic outbreaks have resulted in a sharp reduction in the number of clients of corporate priority channels, several lock-outs of the main force shop, disruptions in logistics operations, and severe disruptions to company operations, especially offline operations. In addition, the sea in 2021
Some southern affiliates benefit from corporate income tax benefits and rent concessions at the capital airport, and during the same period last year, the Hong Kong stock marketed and tax-free goods increased their purchases to drive the increase in assets.
Liu Wenzheng’s equity and the net assets of the mother-in-law have increased considerably, mainly because of the significant increase in net assets in 2022 as a result of the company’s completion as a Hong Kong stock issue. In addition, to meet the need to sell duty-free goods during the season.
The company’s procurement of duty-free goods has intensified, and its stock balance has increased considerably over the same period. Given the impact of the epidemic, companies have taken a number of initiatives to respond positively to the challenge, with a sharp increase in the harvest ratio since late 2022.
Companies have strengthened their strategic landings and innovation in line with high-quality development requirements, tightened cost controls, and continued to promote efficiency gains in their operations by optimizing the supply of goods, upgrading supply chain efficiency, enhancing marketing promotion and improving customer services. Since late 2022, the impact of the epidemic on companies' operations has been reduced to a minimum.
With the continued optimization of the quarantine policy and the implementation of the series of policies on confidence-building, a stable economy and development, the company has been systematically promoting the resumption of full-scale work in duty-free shops. To date, more than 70 of the company's traditional border-crossing duty-free shops have been reactivated, contributing to the recovery of the duty-free market.
In 2023, more flower-driven performance is expected. As domestic mobility is liberalized, companies are exempt from the third quarter of 2022 in China (601888.sh).
In October 2022, the new seaport project was officially opened, with the prospect of gradual release during the climb, and China reported in the mid-point 2022 (60188.sh) that:
The tax-free city of the new port at Seaport is expected to be well repaired, and the tax-free policy within the city is expected to accelerate and contribute to potential increases. Investment proposals: We believe that with domestic liberalization, consumption is expected to recover fully, and exit and exit policies are expected.
In the first quarter of the year, a steady growth in performance, with sustained liberalization, will also offer many opportunities. The recovery of the Hainan passenger flow, the increase in new projects, the gradual rehabilitation of the port duty-free, and the expected resonance of the city’s shop policy with four major factors are expected to boost corporate performance in 2023.
4. China ' s China China China Trade Agency 601888: There are still bright spots behind performance, and China ' s China Trade Agency 601888
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.