Tourism retailii Participation in the stock market + investment to enhance tax-exit promotion, China Central exemption (601888).
One hundred and twenty-eight million dollars is proposed to be invested in the Replenishment Unit, which is of significant long-term significance.
With the Department's capital build-up, it is expected that the company will receive 49 per cent of the share in the stock market after the transaction is completed, but it will not be listed together. Our point of view is that: (1) the network of out-of-town shops is rich, which is a useful addition to the layout of the country's tax-exempt city.
The exemption from duty-free duty on the island, particularly in Beijing and Shanghai, is important for a network of duty-free shops in the future. (2) The competitive advantage of exemption from duty-free channels in the country is further entrenched.
The future will further consolidate its voice in the domestic duty-free market and lay the foundation for ensuring successful bidding at important airports. (3) From the development path of large tax-free groups around the world, extended M & As are important for expansion.
We believe that there is still some expectation that companies will be able to follow up on their domestic and foreign expansions. A 250-million-dollar boost to duty-free markets on the island will strengthen confidence in brand cooperation, and we believe that it is more important for the company’s board of directors to add $250 million to its operating headquarters in Hainan.
In recent times, the company Hainan Door has been too busy to sell, and we have planned or linked to factors such as the difficulty of forecasting 01’s supplies, and the global distribution of branded goods. This increase in market outreach to the Hainan Replenishment, which we believe will help to raise duty-free purchases off the island.
The rate of material transformation, on the other hand, is an important signal to the brand, hoping to further consolidate cooperation between the two sides in a duty-free market in Hainan Island to ensure follow-up supply support. Considering the company’s launch of the new Hainan project in the second half of the year, and the company’s arrival during the year of the tax-free shop policy in the city,
Medium- and long-term growth is still high, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Company tracking – China (60188.sh); q3 fundamentals are established that profit improvement + expansion is expected to unleash growth momentum.
Company Tracking - China (60188.sh): Exploited by the wind and duty-free, optimized United States securities, joined China's Galaxy securities in July 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.