Textiles and apparel group, 49% shareholding, co-enabling capacity-sharing, built-up dividends.
The company issued a Board of Directors resolution announcement on 14 March, at which it adopted the Bill on Investment in China 1. " Bottom is now, growth is sustainable - China is exempt from the 22rd Quarterly Review " , Expatriate Services Services Ltd., and decided to finance it by means of a private agreement.
After the transaction is completed, China will hold 49 per cent of its shareholdings.
3. " Sanya tax-free city resumes operations and the economic recovery of the off-island economy is the first national tax-free enterprise in China to be approved by the State Council in 1983 " , 2022.9.21
In 2010, it became a fully-owned subsidiary of the National Drug Corporation.
Intra-city tax-free projects, mainly for foreign tourists, complement each other and provide better coverage. Sharing supply chain resources consolidates the advantages of scale: companies are expected to give priority to Chinese uniforms in the procurement chain when the replenishment is completed, while benefiting from the advantages of size in the use of perfumed purchases.
(b) With the gradual integration of supply chain resources between the two sides, the economies of scale have been consolidated, and the potential for expansion of tax-exempt policies within our city is high, with significant benefits expected from the forward-looking layout:
For example, the exemption rate is 90%. It has a significant advantage in terms of ease of purchase, rental costs, and is not limited in policy.
There is still a significant potential for expansion following the restructuring of the city. It is hoped to benefit significantly from good policies by avoiding 49% of the equity in the acquisition, improving its internal layout before the policies fall, and further entrenching its tax-free niche.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating The company's capacity to operate at the same time as the card-flow highlands is increasing, and the two major projects at Seagate Free City + Seagate Bay Phase 2 are expected to lead to an increase in its share; and the company is forward-looking in terms of tax exemptions within the city.
The distribution is expected to benefit significantly from the expansion opportunities offered by liberalization, such as the size of the scale, the orientation of the population, the intensification or repetition of the epidemic at home and abroad, and the failure of new projects to operate as expected.