On 14 March, the company issued a public announcement that it would finance $1.28 billion in the replenishment of China Expatriate Personnel Services Limited by means of a private agreement, and that the company would hold 49 per cent of the equity after the transaction was completed.
This acquisition will help to expand corporate channels and further dominate tax-free competition within the city. With the continued liberalization of immigration control, 49% of municipal tax-exempt acquisitions will strengthen the status of tax-free leader.
In addition, 49% of the holdings in the $1.228 billion acquisition were not included in the company’s consolidated statements. As the country’s only duty-free foreign exchange operator, China’s uniform had achieved full-scale duty-free operations covering duty-free off-island, port entry and exit, and duty-free offshore, and covered 29 tax-free projects.
Thanks to the power of the National Drug Group, a new model has been developed for the integration of “health + duty-free”, “intra-city + port + off-island + off-shore” operations. The tax-free distribution within the city is paralleled by the two channels of exit and repatriation.
Tax-free shops, covering the core cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chongqing, Harbin, etc. The sub-purchase is another major strategic arrangement for the company after the acquisition of the Hong Kong Central Brigade in December 21, which allows China to take away tax-free resources from the central city and to increase the penetration of the individual cities’ tax-free stores, while at the same time eliminating them.
The tax-exempt operations of foreigners who leave the country complement each other and further improve the tax-exempt channels. With the continuous warmth of the trip, it is expected that the tax-exempt policies in the city will accelerate.
The total market value (RMB million) has an advantage, but because of the scale of sales, the impact of the epidemic, it has been difficult to bring in more internationally known average daily turnover of 3 months (RMB million)
Brands and overall costs are higher. After this acquisition has been successful, a combination of free access to the supply chain is expected to raise the size of the free sales of Chinese uniforms and the level of the Māori ratio, while more brands will be introduced.
Long-term development is conducive to a further expansion of the tax-free market. In the short term, sales are expected to return in the wake of the spring season, the low season of duty-free shopping, and stock in the Hainan region, which has led to a reversal in the prices of companies’ shares, with the arrival of the Qingming, the First Class, and the Hainan Expo.
In the medium-to-long term, companies are acquiring uniforms to expand tax-free channels, the new seaport project is climbing up the slopes, and the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd.
Retailing in commerce and trade: retail tourism retailing.