China Central Free (60188.sh): q4 short-term income-generating capacity is under pressure and continues to appreciate the ability of China to fulfil its performance: China Central Free China announced a fast-track performance report for 2022: 1) the collection of 54,463 million yuan in 2022.
To be sure: 1) we expect a steady increase in the tax access ratio on the lower line: the 22q4 nationwide epidemic is still repeated, with passengers at the San Phoenix and Melanes airports at Sea increasing by 9% and 5%, respectively, but the pick-up rate is faster than the passenger rate, and we expect more increases in the sales of the repurchase route.
The impact of the start-up cost of the new seaport is that Haiguchi International Free City opened on October 28, 2022, and we expect that its start-up costs will also have an impact on the profit margin of q4. Spring festival’s Golden Week and the heat of the duty-free market, and we expect the bright performance to continue.
1) The high price of a single guest to verify purchasing power does not have to worry about the brightness of the data on the flow and sales of the Hong Kong Spring Festival: Under the Department of Commerce, the total sales of the Hainan Free Shop during the Spring Festival amounted to $2,572 million, representing an increase of 20.69 per cent compared to 20.69 per cent in comparison with 19 years, and the new seaport led to a more than doubling of the increase in the number of landings; under customs, spring holidays
(a) The duty-free sale of $1.56 billion from the island, an increase of 5.88 per cent over the same period, and a unit price of $9959, with customs at the sea port for 23 years, which has repeatedly disclosed far more than $9,000, including the opening of a cargo manifest at the Spring Festival of San Phoenix Airport and the promotion of an increase in the share of sales of refined goods;
2. After the end of the spring holiday season, there has been an increase in the flow of passengers in Hainan, and we expect that duty-free sales will continue at the same high level: 27 January-2 February, Seaport Melan, Triple Phoenix airport passenger ring ratio +16.61 per cent, +13.13 per cent, 26-31 January, Triple Phoenix airport passenger traffic broke over 80,000 consecutive times, and the airport forecasted that
The average daily flow at Phoenix Airport will remain at about 80,000 highs by the end of the evening; moreover, several ota platforms predict that Hainan will be at the wrong peak after the Golden Week, and Sanya's Director of Travel will try to turn the Spring Tourism Week into the Golden Month. We expect that the Hainan Tourism and Tax Free Market will continue after the Golden Week.
Hot, duty-free sales are expected to continue their high growth. South Hainan is expected to be ahead of the exit flow, without undue fear of diversion: the epidemic, low-level and provincial migration, and the amount of vomiting at San Phoenix and Meran Seaports in 2022.
Not only did it return to 47% and 46% in 2019, but there was still much room for recovery from the pre-occupancy phase, and, according to the Austria-latitude consultation, Hainan remained second only to Hong Kong's preferred destination, and Hainan was expected to be better off than the outgoing passenger flow; in addition, under the epidemic, Hainan was under a duty-free window.
Thanks to this, domestic tax-free traders have gained a greater voice on the brand side, and have gradually gained international competition in terms of price preferences, brands, and sku-richness. When the flow of incoming and outgoing visitors resumes, the Hainan tax-free market still has a desire to rely on continuously upgraded supplies, higher consumption levels, easy online platforms, lower shopping thresholds, etc.
The competitive advantage has long occupied the consumer’s mind and maintained global competitiveness.
Investment proposals: This exemption is intended to be a leader in the tax-free sector and is expected to fully enjoy the return of overseas consumption and tax-free policies.
In 2022, he joined the CSDS as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the CSSS group. The group covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing. Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.