Tourist Retail, 31st of 2023.
China (601888) Epidemic, new project start-up, business commitment.
The repeated effects of the 2022 epidemic affected the company’s down-to-the-door operations and the main source of customers at different times, leading to greater fluctuations in the company’s income and profits throughout the year. Net homecoming interest rates increased in 2022 as a percentage of taxed commodity income, with the company’s overall Māori rate falling by 5.1 to 28 per cent; (3) New Sea
The start-up costs of the Hong Kong project have increased significantly, the q4 passenger flow has been affected by the epidemic, and some major brand doors have not yet been opened and are expected to remain in a state of loss: (4) the company continues to increase its commodity purchases, leading to a 41.6 per cent increase in year-end stock balances compared to the previous year, and a 590 million/same-year decrease in stock + 18 per cent throughout the year.
Focusing on improvements in supply side factors, future growth is still much more visible, as can be seen from customs disclosure data, that q1 Hainan sales data perform less than market expectations, raising market concerns about the future growth space of Hainan. We believe that q1 Hainan sells less duty-free than Hainan tourists.
The main reason for the loss of flow growth is that the procurement end of the recovery of demand, which is more than expected, is inadequate than the lack of consumer power, otherwise it is not enough to explain the high prices during the high season of Hainan tourism compared to market tourism, which is 300 per cent deep.
We look at the industry and the company's past ordering cycles and expect that the supply of spices, fine items (watches, jewellery, etc.) will be fully restored or will take two to six months, but consider that the company is now working more closely with its suppliers, or that the overall time is better than we expected.
The country's tax-exempt policy will be further relaxed, and the city-wide tax-exempt policy will increase the probability of landing this year; (2) the firm's competitive advantage will be further enhanced, the interests of upstream and downstream enterprises will be further tied up with Shanghai Airport, Chinese uniforms, etc., the Tagouri cooperation super-high-end tourism retail project, brand: (3) Seagate International
New products, such as tax-free cities, Sanya project expansion, provide new growth dynamics: (4) below-line sales and sales of fine products are driving up the Māori ratio: (5) out-of-date growth, such as overseas Cambodian projects. Companies track China’s middle-income exemption (601888.sh): q3 basic face-to-face traffic
The point is that profit improvement + expansion is expected to unleash growth momentum. The company follows China’s mid-level exemption (60188.sh): The wind is up, and the elite should recover less than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.