China Free: 22 years of epidemic, 31 March 2023, bottom of perturbations, 23 years of growth.
Incidents: China avoided the publication of the 2022 financial report, and the company achieved business income of 54.43 billion yuan, compared to 65.40 per cent for the current domestic duty-free retail leader, running a business of 17.10 per cent for the same period; the mother ' s net profit was 402 million yuan.
Tax-free commodity sales are dominated by tobacco, alcohol, perfume, tax-free off-islands, and companies perform less well throughout the year. The distribution, retailing, etc., of duty-free goods, such as repeated outbreaks, were repeated in 2022.
In 22 years, China Province received 6,04 million visitors, compared to 25.9 per cent in comparison with 25.9 per cent in comparison with 53.34 per cent in 19 years. For 22 years, tax-exempt shops had a total sales value of $48,711 million, or 19 per cent, of which $34,899 million was tax-free.
The company’s share of the off-island duty-free market is about 75%. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, it is expected that the flow in Hainan Province will recover rapidly, and the company is now in seven stores in Hainan, with the new seaport’s capital/flowa share (million shares) operating in October 22nd year.
The stores are climbing up the slopes, the Bay Bay Phase 2 site is expected to open in 23 years, and the company's 23-year business plan clearly proposes a “deep-farm South” strategy, with a robust growth of the off-island tax-exempt channels.
The resumption of the outbound journeys will revive the port route, and the city’s internal shop policy will be in place in 23 years. For 22 years, the number of outbounds and outbounds in 2022 amounted to 115.7 million, or only 17.3 per cent, of the total number of outbound trips in 2019. The number of re-entering countries on 10 March increased to 60 on a pilot basis, and on 26 March on 26 March.
China Civil Aviation began implementing the summer and autumn flight plan in 2023, adding 35 international and regional routes, and the gradual resumption of exit trips will lead to a revival of the customs duty-free channel. The company will benefit from many tax-free operations, such as Hangzhou Shawshan airport and Chengdu double-stream airport, in the middle of the 22nd year.
We believe that, with the gradual resumption of the exit trip, the city duty-free policy is expected to be in place in 23 years, resulting in the expansion of the entire duty-free market. The company buys 49% of its shareholdings, where the service has a tax-free license plate and 12 duty-free stores in the city, and this investment is expected to improve.
The impact of the epidemic has reduced the profitability of the Māori rate, which is expected to return to normal levels in 23 years. Companies +1.59 pct., Māori ratio of taxed goods is equal to 7.17 pct., sale below the impact of the epidemic and tax sales along the line.
The higher discounts result in lower Māori rates and higher tax sales, combined with lower Māori rates, a decrease in Māori rates throughout the year. The sales and management rates are stable at the same rate as +1.7 pct. and 0.95 pct. respectively. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, companies depend on online platforms and tax sales.
Short- and long-term performance recovery is achievable, with medium- and long-term improvements in consumption flows and overseas market expansion. Companies disclose 23 years of business plans to fully promote the construction of duty-free channels off the island, airports, and within the city, and to upgrade them, including procurement.
In the medium and long term, the long-term logic of attracting tax-free returns remains unchanged.
Overseas markets have clear objectives and can grow in the future. Profit forecasts: companies, as the industry void for full-channel placement, will fully benefit from short-term industrial recovery 19 times as much as they maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of the financial boom in the east, China, China, 601888: 22 years of infested performance, 23 years of growth, the source of financial booms in the east.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China is exempt (601888) from the 22-year epidemic-disturbed performance, with 23-year growth.
Liu Tanda Wei Wooming Assistant, who is mainly responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, gold jewellery, electricity, traditional retailing, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.