Twenty-two years of short-lived performance, post-epidemic recovery elasticity period, affected by repeated epidemics and high-base levels over the same period, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, new company projects continue to advance, damaged business performance declines and long-term growth occurs in Hong Kong. (1) 22 years of company harvests.
The impact of the epidemic has resulted in a sharp decline in the number of clients in the company’s priority channels, in addition to the 21 years of income tax concessions and rent concessions in the capital airport for some subsidiaries in the Hainan region, which resulted in a higher base for the same period of the previous year. (2) In 22 years, the Department completed the listing of the port’s shares, resulting in a significant increase in net assets.
According to the Hainan Department of Human Affairs, during the spring holidays of 23 years, 6,3936,000 visitors were received in Hainan province, an increase of 18.2 per cent.
At the same level in 19 years, the duty-free market at Hainan Island is warming rapidly, based on a high tourist base. According to customs data at Hainan, the customs office for spring holidays supervises duty-free shopping off the island at a total value of 1.56 billion yuan, with 157,000 duty-free purchases, an increase of 5.88% and 9.51%, respectively.
According to the Hainan Business Office, spring holidays, six duty-free shops in China have sold $768 million, an increase of 587% over the 19th spring holidays. The return of the flow of tourists is a good time, and the city’s tax-free market is expected to open up new opportunities.
Since the beginning of the year, sales at the company’s doors have shown clear signs of a recovery. With better control and control of entry and exit, the country’s tax-exempt policies are expected to be phased out, companies are pre-positioned in priority cities, and new opportunities are expected to emerge.
In the short and long term, the company, as the leader of the industry, fully benefits from the supply chain, size, etc. The new project is expected to open up a new growth space, and the city’s tax-free demand is expected to be released gradually after the gradual liberalization of entry into and exit from the country.
In China, the Chinese Free China 20221030 Chinese Silver International Securities Company Ltd. has not recovered demand as expected, the duty-free market has been highly competitive, and new projects are not operating as much as expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Merchant and retail: tourism retailii