\triangleright 2022, the main cause of the fall in corporate performance, was the continued recurrence of the domestic epidemic and the multiple outbreaks that led to the company ' s focus.
In addition, in 2021, some subsidiaries of the Hainan region benefited from corporate income tax concessions and capital airport rent concessions, with higher overall profit margins over the same period.
In 2022, the company generated $26.32 billion, yoy-39.37 per cent of tax-exempt sales, with a Māori rate of 39.41 per cent and a reduced discount rate of 1.59 pcts, with a corresponding increase of $30.244 million in tax-exempt stores in Hainan Sanya, yoy-
14.83 per cent, net profit for the mother is $2,555 million, yoy-38.70 per cent.
With the impact of the epidemic, the company has managed to manage costs, take a number of initiatives to respond positively to the challenges and drive the escort priorities. 1 Newly introduced many high-end brands.
Resource advantages such as “sale-only” continue to provide consumers with rich and high-quality commodity options;2 active promotion of major projects. In October 2022, the world’s largest monolithic duty-free shop, Seagate International, opened with sales of more than $60 million a day; active promotion of phase 2 of the Land 2 project and joint high-end tours of ancient properties.
The early delivery of the second phase of the Hainan International Logistics Centre project will further improve logistics delivery efficiency. 1. China ' s performance rate for 2022 was avoided (60088.sh).3 Optimizing the layout and steadily expanding important channels.
Review: bottom of performance 2022, looking forward to the opening of flower-driven industries The right to operate duty-free shops such as the buildings and the Chengdu two-stream airport; active investigation and study of intra-city tax-exempt projects, with continuous upward performance - 2023/02/06
2. Three-quarter bidding exercise in China, with a waiver (60188.sh) in 2022. 4h shares were placed on the market and a two-capital platform “a+h” was successfully set up.
The Hong Kong Federation, which financed more than 18 billion Hong Kong dollars, is actively engaged in matching international capital markets. Investment proposals: We believe that the company’s flow in the Hainan region is expected to recover gradually as domestic movements are liberalized.
We expect that the Hainan area project in 2023 will benefit fully from passenger flow rehabilitation, that the new seaport project in 2022 will have a clear approach to the down payment, and that the new seaport at Seaport will be opened in October, with the prospect of gradual release during the climb.
Business 2022/08/31 Business follow-up is expected to be well repaired, and the tax-exempt policy within the city is expected to accelerate, contributing to potential increases.
\triangleright: There are still bright spots behind the performance, and 2022 is on the way to development.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.