China Central Exemption (60188.sh): Personnel changes are expected to have no significant impact on operations, and there is a continuing desire to avoid performance compliance, and China is exempt from advertising personnel changes, and General Chen Guoqiang retains the position of director, and is not expected to be significant at the corporate level.
(a) Mr. Chen Guoqiang applied to resign from his post as Managing Director and to retain his position as Director; (b) Mr. Wang Xuan (former Deputy Managing Director) was appointed as General Manager, Mr. Changchang (Secretary-General) was appointed as Deputy General Manager and Mr. Zhou (former Deputy Managing Director for China and currently General Manager for China and China) was appointed as Deputy General Director
(iii) Mr. Li Gang (who is also the Deputy Director-General of the State Brigade Hainan) was elected as a non-exclusive candidate for the Board of Directors; the company amended its statute to include the post of Deputy Chairman of the Board by adding a new Deputy Chairman to assist the Chairman of the Board, who is unable or unable to perform his or her duties, and the post of Vice-Chairman of the Board and Vice-Chairman of the Board.
The Hainan tax-free market has taken the lead in recovery, with a strong expectation of rising profits from the free-of-competitive advantage. 1) Tax-exempt data from Hainan Island, New Year’s Day, is bright, with a unit price of over $9,800: according to Customs, 31 December
- 2 January: 422 million yuan in duty-free sales from Hainan Island, 43,000 shopping places and $9816 per unit; 380 million yuan in tax-free sales, 40,000 shopping places and approximately 9,500 yuan per unit; 2) high level of certainty in the continued high- and medium-size market coverage: the number of projects has increased and the opening of the International Free City of Haiguchi has increased.
In the hope of a significant increase in the release, San Phoenix Airport has recently been opened with multiple brands, and the first phase of Bay Bay 2 is expected to open in the course of the year; in view of past competition patterns, new tax-exempters share duty-free dividends from off-islands, without loss of industry leadership and consumer intellectual occupation;
(3) A narrow discount + a return in passenger flow is expected to accelerate the increase in profitability: the Smg model will be phased out, the price center of the tax-free industry will be expected to move up, and the profit margin will be expected to accelerate as the flow of the tax-free income rises.
Renovation of the flow of exits and exits, i.e. tax-exempt policies within the city or the prospect of liberalization, with the prospect of a higher market share being avoided from pre-carriage: previously, the “Integration of intra-city tax-free shops policy” had been incorporated into the 1455 plan, and several provinces and cities had proposed promoting the establishment of intra-municipal duty-free shops, actively seeking to liberalize their clients, raising the level of duty-free shopping, etc.; and recent access.
The border policy has been further adjusted, the flow of people entering and leaving the country is about to be repaired, the city’s tax-exempt policy has been liberalized or is expected to be released, and we expect to expand the purchase of people or the duration of the purchase.
In the cities of Wuhan, Xian, and Tianjin, duty-free shops are opened. There is already a pre-existing advantage in several priority areas, and it is hoped that a higher market share will continue to be achieved in this incremental section.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In 2022, he joined the CSDS as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the CSSS group. The group covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing. Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.