I'm looking forward to new policy opportunities, corporate research, company quick reviews, social services, tourism and viewing.
Yang Yujing Company announcement: The company contributes RMB 1,228 million in non-public agreements to finance the replenishment of China Expatriate Personnel Services Ltd. The company will hold 49% of the shares of China Expatriate Personnel Services Ltd. upon completion of the transaction and will not be included in the consolidated corporate statements.
1) exemption from duty-free participation of 1,228 million yuan, 49 per cent of which is effectively added to the duty-free layout of the city, and an indication of the company’s expectation of a tax-free New Deal without coming to the city. 2) Tax-exempt duty-free service has the advantage of many duty-free shops in the country, and in the future it will be possible for the new administration to work closely and in depth with the Chinese.
Companies can effectively take advantage of tax-free development opportunities in cities that leave the country. (3) Recent changes in the pace of intra-market policy for some market investors, concerns about future outflows, etc., have resulted in changes in the prices of companies’ shares.
Some investors may be looking at the diversion effects on Hainan, but combining the increased competitive position of Hainan retail tourism over the last three years and the overall depth of the Hainan market, and the fact that the Hainan passenger flow itself is only six to eight percent before the outbreak, we still believe that Hainan’s future of tax-free growth is to be expected. In the context of a thorough deepening of China’s research, the company’s subjective dynamic is expected to be fully stimulated, and the future is expected to be “Airport + City + Hainan”
In recent years, China’s Chinese consumer group has been expected to move from the majority of China’s tourists (in tens of millions of volumes) to the full-scale realization of the billion-grade passenger flow on the Hainan+Inbound Flows, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. With the exception of the proposed market-based duty-free layout of the market, the Chinese stock market has shown its expectation of a tax-free new deal within the city.
According to the company announcement, the company is going to contribute RMB 1,228 million to the tax-exempt replenishment. When the transaction is completed, the company will hold 49% of the share in the tax-exempt market and will not include it in the company’s consolidated statements.
In conjunction with the network of corporate officials, China duty-free is the country’s only duty-free foreign exchange operator in the country. It has achieved a full-scale duty-free operation covering duty-free and off-island operations.
Qingdao, Harbin, Chengzhou, Nanchang, Yuyeng, Kunming, Guiyang, etc., have established offshore tax-free shops in Japan and Dubai.
Figure 2: Distribution of Chinese duty-free stores
♪ Total eatalre-esercelle streste ♪
Table 1: The layout of the duty-free shop in the city, 2 floors of Fue Seong Building, 4 Huixeng East Street, in the Yangtze district of Beijing, and then moved to the front door of the Tiananmen Gate, Beijing, and then moved to Yoda 889 Square 1-2f in the quiet area of Shanghai.
1-2f East of Heunglong Square, 5th and 4th Avenue, Dalian City, 1766 Starlight Avenue, Riverside District, Hangzhou City, Jungzhou City, Greenfield Sky City, Cheng Dongxing District, 1-2f
1 - 2f Kim May School of Life, 329 Jiangdong Mid Road, Nanjing City, 168 Harbin City Midtown Street, Harbin City, Hashwanda Square, 1st floor) Harbin
1st floor of the Free Lu Hung County Commercial Plaza, Sanya City.
The price of this acquisition is considered reasonable, taking into account the policy opportunities of the future city's duty-free shops, combined with the license plates and the existing intra-city duty-free shop layouts. The total value of this acquisition is estimated at around $2.5 billion, based on the replenishment price. Although the impact of the epidemic on our industry has been severe for the last two years, we expect the duty-free duty-free city and port of entry and exit in China, which is expected to be under pressure; and the new three by the end of 2020.
But considering the advantages of the company’s tax-exempt license plate and the existing market-free shop layout, we expect the purchase price to be a crucial step in the configuration of the market-free shop in China and the expectation of the company’s future tax-exempt New Deal.
If a duty-free shop policy is in place in the city, companies can cooperate with the Chinese uniforms in the depth of the tax-exempt shop arrangement and actively compete for the transfer of the New Dealer to the municipal duty-free shop, thereby effectively taking advantage of the tax-free development pioneers in the city. (2) From the operational point of view, exemption is global, with a strong tax-exempt supply chain and a duty-free operating capability, which in the future does not preclude in-depth cooperation or cooperation in the operation of the above-mentioned shop.
This year’s return to foreign tourists is expected to accelerate the city’s internal market policy, with a three-dimensional approach to the creation of a tax-free market in the city.
In the light of our previous report, tax-exempt policies in the city of departure are expected to be gradual. While the specific pace of policy remains to be followed, with uncertainty, and the anticipated change in the pace of policy in the stage is also emotional, we believe that, in the light of South Korea’s experience, tax-free policies in the city of departure can play an important role in the repatriation of fees, while the recovery of the flow of tourists from the country is expected to accelerate policy momentum.
On 8 January of this year, exit restrictions were liberalized, but the resumption of short-term exit trips was still relatively slow, with a limited resumption of international flights, and a limited number of destinations and a number of national restrictions. But the follow-up to these three points is expected to improve gradually.
On February/March 10, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (cdc) announced that the United States would lift the mandatory new coronary virus test for Chinese travellers to the United States from 4 p.m. Prior to the resumption of the South Korean, Japanese, and Australian flights, China’s exit would begin to rise in the second quarter. With the preparations for the first quarter, it was expected that international flights would resume in the second quarter.
We believe that an accelerated return of q2 out of the country could be an important catalyst for tax-exempt policies in the city. In focus, the company created a full-scale tax-free layout for the city in three dimensions: one was closed during a partial outbreak in Beijing, Shanghai, Qingjia, Dalian, Xiamen, and Halbin City (the first five are for expatriates and the Harbin are for returning Chinese).
It is also expected that business will resume; second, participation in the stock market, with the help of China ' s provision of duty-free shops in more than 10 cities throughout the country; third, in recent years, it has been active in establishing strategic partnerships with priority cities in preparation for the future. In the context of corporate annual reports and media reports, the company has been active in preparing for the launch of tax-free tourism retail complex projects in priority cities in the country, such as Guangzhou, Chengdu, Wuhan, and so on, in the recent past.
On a comprehensive basis, if policies are to be put in place, depending on their tax-exempt status in the country and on the distribution of intra-city tax-exempts, they are expected to be the central beneficiary of the tax-exempt policy in the centre of the city, which is expected to benefit the country as a whole. It is expected that China’s growth will be stable under the high Hainan base in mid-January-February, and that China’s growth in south China will be sustainable.
According to the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, this spring holiday was seven days, with 12 offshore tax-exempt shops selling 2,572 million yuan (including taxes), an increase of 20.69% over the same year. As a result of the relatively high base in January-February 2022, and earlier this spring, the release of travel and tourism consumption was not sufficient, leading to partial acceptance of the January-February season effect in Hainan this year, as well as a shortage of goods and phases.
But, starting in March, the base pressure is expected to ease; in June this year, the “new seaport integrated traffic hub” is expected to be completed, significantly improving the traffic environment of the new seaport project and enabling the expansion of the new seaport project. At the same time, Sanya airport expansion and Seagate Bay Phase 2 will be expected in the second half of this year.
The opening of the industry (which is expected to be close to 1/2 of the current Sea Bay project) is expected to lead to sustained growth in revenue and profits from its operations throughout the year. In 2023, the Hainan Province tax-exempt target was 80 billion, a significant increase of more than 60% over 2022 (the entire South China Line in 2022 was just about 48.7 billion). At the same time, international luxury brands have paid high attention to the development opportunities of the Hainan market, and the Hainan tax-free global retail tourism position has increased.
The world’s top delegation to Henan, the first luxury group to visit after the epidemic, has publicly stated that it refuses to retain brand appeal through submersion, and has decided to cancel global tourism, even at the cost of declining profitability.
Parallel channels in retail trade reflect, to some extent, the attitude of start-up branders to limit sub-purchases, particularly in Korea. Overall, as a result of the development of the last three years, an increasing number of international brands have placed more emphasis on Hainan, and Hainan’s duty-free global retail market purchasing position is expected to increase, thus helping sustain companies’ growth in Hainan duty-free markets.
However, throughout the year, the country’s exit duty-free shop policy remains to be expected, and the return of q2 travel is expected to accelerate. Through participation in the stock market, it is expected that its existing multi-market duty-free market will be exempted.
In the short term, some investors may be looking at the diversion effects on Hainan, but combining the past three years of tourism in Hainan, the increased competitive position of retail tourism and the overall depth of the Hainan layout (new seaport, area No. 2 and phase III of the Bay), combined with the past three.
We still believe that Hainan’s tax-free future is to be expected. In the context of the overall deepening of China’s research, the company’s subjective energy is expected to be fully stimulated, the future is expected to grow on the “airport + on the Hainan +” line, the supply chain channels are to continue to deepen, and the central-line consumer population is expected to be dominated by tourists from the South China in recent years (in tens of millions) to the hundreds of millions of levels of passenger flow from the South China South.
Policy risks, market risks such as increased competition among new entrants, macroeconomic systemic risks, large-scale contagion risk, airport rent pressure, risk of large-scale exchange rate depreciation, natural disasters, bad weather, etc., may be lower than expected.
Table 4: Comparable corporate valuation tables: Sea Gas Group, Hainan Development Department, Wind Unanimous Expectations China Free (60188.sh) - Marketed Price Determination, Financing Aid International Development - 2022-08-20
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject