China's performance in 2022 was evaluated by China's mid-point (601888.sh) Xiaoqiang, a year of repeated, multi-point outbreaks of the domestic epidemic, superimposed pressure on a high base, corporate income and profits.
Since the end of 2022, with the optimal and steady growth of the disease control policy, the company has been on the right track, and the flow of people under the line has warmed up. So far, the sales of the company's stores have increased significantly, both in terms of revenues and in terms of rings, and more than 70 duty-free shops have resumed operations.
With the resumption of the exit and exit journey, airport duty-free shop channels are expected to return to growth, leading to marginal improvements at the income and profit levels. Quality projects are on the ground, and performance gains are achievable.) Seagate International Tax-Free City: Seaport International Exemption
The tax city opened in October, with more than 44,000 first days in business, more than $60 million in sales, and 30-40% of the revenue in 2022. We see the increased potential of Seagate International as a tourist retail complex for tax-free + literary travel.
The announcement at the end of October to establish a joint venture with the ancient properties and compete for a commercial plot in Bay Sea, we believe that the company is expected to deepen its luxury branding, strengthen its brand resource barriers, and develop in tandem with the Interstate Free City Phase I and Phase II to provide consumers with a richer shopping experience.
A forward-looking tax-free market in the city is an asset for medium- and long-term growth. Since mid-2020, various local government departments have repeatedly emphasized the need to improve tax-exempt policies in the city and to support the development of tax-exempt shops in the city.
By the end of 2021, the China Free Group had opened six intra-city duty-free shops in Beijing, China's 3-quarterly newspaper (60188.sh) and actively promoted priority cities such as Changsha and Guangzhou.
In October 2022, two new stores were created in Hong Kong, China, located in the heart of the Central Circle and the Bronze Dynasty Bay, waiting for the policy to be achieved quickly.
The impact of the epidemic is expected to be phased out and performance continues to increase.
The accelerated recovery of the travel chain, followed by the recovery of the inter-provincial and outbound journeys, will bring about the re-establishment of duty-free duty-free operations on the island and the re-establishment of duty-free duty-free operations within the city of the departure of nationals from the country.
The company, as the leader of the tax-free industry, is expected to benefit from the industry.
High-profile and, by virtue of their size, sustained consolidation of market shares to achieve high-speed, benign growth. The risk of industrial policy change: increased risks from competition in the industry: new projects fell short of expectations.