China’s performance rate was high in 2022: China’s performance rate was high in 2022. There was a big shock, the flow of key channels dropped sharply, and the shop stopped operating several times.
In addition, in 2021, the company South China Molecular Company was affected by corporate income tax concessions and the return of rents from the capital airport, which was higher than the same base.
In addition, the Ivmh group has indicated that it will combat parallel import sub-purchase patterns, and that there is hope for a drop in Korea’s no-return rate, raising sub-purchase prices to boost overall tax-free prices.
One of the country’s leading tax-exempts, the new tax-free tourism retail business in the fourth quarter of 2022, turned out to be a surplus and a loss, following a previous dfe report that the lvmh group was determined to combat parallel channels of tourism retailing, such as sub-purchases, in line with our earlier expectations in the tax-exempt industry report that low-price competition for free-purchase channels would not be sustainable.
In a move to fight counter-purchase channels with more luxury brands in order to maintain brand image, Korea’s high rate of return-free customers model is unsustainable, and the recent suspension of individual short-term visas for Chinese citizens in South Korea will also affect the individual sub-purchase channels.
Lower discounts to raise the tax-free price of luxury goods, leaving the island with the prospect of a return to high-quality tax-exempt channels, and rejuvenation of management. The former chairman, Mr. Peng Hui, resigned from his post as chairman, director, with Lee as the new chairman, Chen as Vice-chair, Wang Xing as managing director, company leader.
The new leadership is younger, or will inject life into the retail trade free of tourism. The company’s performance in 2022 was pressured, but the post-BB tubes are at a turning point, indicating: the “market index” of this rating system, a reference point of 300 in depth; and the new three-board reference points are three-stringed.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.