High growth in the three quarters continued with accelerated release of idm flagship profits Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)1 and company release of three-quarter report for 2020: revenue of $4.889 billion in the first three quarters (year-on-year +18.32 per cent);
(a) Net return to mother ' s profit of 687 million (year-on-year +154.6 per cent); of this amount, income for three quarters alone was $1,826 million (year-on-year +22.37 per cent) and net return to mother ' s profit of 284 million (year-on-year +169 per cent); high performance growth was maintained;
3. The company issues a stock plan for a specific target, with no more than 35 clients to raise $5 billion, of which $3.8 billion is for power semiconductor sealing base project construction; $1.2 billion.1 Overall performance over-expected: the company ' s performance continued to grow at a high level in the third quarter, showing surrogates and mosfet.
(b) Income and non-profits for the second and third quarters of the year are historically high: the company earns $1,826 million in the third quarter alone, the net profit from non-repatriation is $256 million in the first quarter and the earnings and non-profits from the first quarter are at a new high in the first quarter;
3 and 3 seasons alone, with high Māori innovation and a slight increase in cost: Māori in 3 quarters of company alone, 29.51%, past the best level in history. At the same time, there was a slight increase in management and R&D cost ratios in 3 quarters alone, with a slight increase in R&D ratio.
At the end of the manufacturing process, the capacity utilization and equipment profile remain high, and we expect a further increase in the share of the company's products in revenues; 4. The impact of the departure of individual R & D staff is limited: the company relies on sound mechanisms and a large pool of talent.
(b) 5 - Long-term competitiveness is enhanced by a proposed build-up-up-power package: the price of the containment link of the power-power device
1. Huaann Securities Power Half-conducted System (I): Values are higher in the comparative digital integrated circuit industry chain, and the company plans to raise $5 billion, of which $3.8 billion igbt: High Barriers and High-Emergency Gold Track 2020-
In the medium-to-long term, report (ii) on the Huaann securities power semiconductor system:
The Star Half-Intuitment Report: A windbreaker's national product, igbt, helps to improve the company's overall competitiveness in the power semiconductor field, laying a solid foundation for realizing the vision of world-leading power semi-conductors and intelligent sensor products and programme suppliers.
3. Huaann Securities Power Semiconductor Column (iii): Third Generation Semiconductor Industry Depth Report: The Star of Tomorrow ' s Growth in Explosion 2020-09-19
Huo Yuu Wei is the national power idm leader, which will fully benefit from the power of semiconductor national product substitution, product expansion and upgrading, and third generation semiconductor dividend. Corporate business income is expected to be large and less affected by trade frictions in 2020/2011/2022 and performance continues to be high, and there is room and safety down.
Marginal, high value for money, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Substream demand for power semiconductors is not as high as expected; new products are not being developed as expected; and macroeconomic downsides.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.