The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has been up to date in terms of its performance and its ability to raise funds to monitor value added.
In the first three quarters of the company announcement, a net return profit of 690 million was achieved, an increase of 155 per cent in the same year; in the third quarter, a net return profit of 280 million, an increase of 169 per cent in the same year. At the same time, an increase of 5 billion yuan was announced for power semiconductor sealing and replenishment of liquidity.
Power, crystal circle, high-intensity work, high-growth three quarters on schedule: the growth in the number of cellular power sourcesic and ciss, the growth in demand driven by the increased demand for notebooks/desktops and other semiconductors, the increase in demand for crystal-round jobs due to a variety of factors, such as the build-up of stocks by craftsmen to compete for a Chinese share in the market, and the rise in demand for crystal round jobs.
As the 8-inch crystal circle is not easy to expand, we expect supply and demand constraints to remain at least until the next quarter.
In terms of cash flows, III. 2. The semi-annual report of Hua Yue Wei Wei Weiwei 2020 was evaluated - high performance. The quarterly single-quarter net operating cash flow reached $520 million, showing good quality of operations.
In the first quarter of next year, in the context of a partial increase in surrogate prices for plants, we do not rule out the possibility of the first quarter of next year's rounding of powerware and crystal round workers' prices by the Director of the China-Yun-Yu Annual Report and the First-Quarterly Review.
Exceeding expectations, replacement or acceleration of national production, 4. China Rough Report - Aiming at the world ' s best billion dollars for standard power semiconductor products, advanced panel-grade power products, special power
In contrast to the digital integration circuits, the sealing of the power semiconductor chain has a higher value, while the company's current sealing capacity is used mainly for digital integration circuits, with the owner of the own power product.
Depending on the external sealing, this project will further transform the company into an integrated product company, with the hope of resolving the mismatch between crystal-round workers and the ability to seal production, and further increasing the Māori rate of the company’s power. Due to the demand of 8 inches of crystal-round workers and mosfet, we have made a small upscaling of the company from 2020 to 2022.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market was then averaged to produce the final rating as average market investment