On October 19, 2020, Idm's flagship performance met expectations and continued to benefit from the warmth.
On 20 October, the three-quarterly report of Hua Yuu Wei (688396.sh) revealed that the company had achieved cumulative operating income of $4,889 million and that, with the increase in capacity utilization and the decline in fixed costs, the company ' s Māori ratio was 28.13 per cent compared to +5.75 pct.
In the short and medium term, the epidemic has caused high demand for home-based digital products.
The growth of pmic, mosfet devices has been positive in the long run, with rising consumption demand in new and emerging areas, further increases in completion rates, as well as the expansion of new customers and rich product lines, both contributing to the growth of Māori and contributing to business growth. In the first half of the year, the ratio of gbt ' s revenues to those of +49.9 per cent is projected to be sold throughout the year.
q3 is full of hand orders, with a capacity utilization rate of more than 90%. According to the q3 system, there are clear signs of recovery and long-term security of q4 in the automobile electronics market.
The demand for integrity, environmental protection, and intelligence is driving growth rapidly; it benefits from effective control and frequency of the epidemic in the country, and the demand for domestic electricity is expected to rebound. We believe that with the rebound in the automobile and domestic electricity industries, there will be further growth in power-powered devices and power management.
The third generation of semiconductor layouts is progressing well and is expected to be a new performance growth point.
In-house, leading carbonated silicon extension companies have a 3.24% stake per day. 2) The company uses the full industrial chain to develop and develop from the full range of materials, designs, manufactures, and encapsulation processes. 5 billion yuan in additional funding is proposed, mainly for power semiconductor containment bases.
In the short term, the project integrates the containment test chain resources and upgrades the back-track manufacturing capacity; in the long term, the project promotes the company’s transition to integrated integration.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.