Quick review of major events, up-to-date state of the landscape, firm performance, up-to-date euphemism.
1) Since the q3 e-consumption season in 20 years, the electronics sector, represented by semiconductors, has entered a new cycle of supply-and-demand stress overall. Semiconductor production capacity is scarce, concentrated in the crystal circle process, and gradual downstream containment and upstream penetration of raw materials, of which eight-inch crystal round manufacturing capacity, as a result of its industry, 2) current product demand pressures include mainly mofet and power management chips (pmic), of which mosfet earned 30% in 2019, pmic
As prices are expected to rise, company performance is expected to be resilient. Eight-inch crystal round manufacturing capacity is scarce, industry prices are on the rise, q3 consumer electronics have been on the rise for 20 years, with semiconductor-represented components entering a new cycle of supply and demand stress in the electronics sector as a whole.
The eight-inch crystal circle production capacity is particularly stressful because of its industry. At year-to-year highs, the eight-inch crystal factory q3 is in full capacity.
Figure 2: Changes in the world’s monthly harvest of eight-inch crystal round industrial products, the most important of which are traditional chips such as mosfet, pmic, and a variety of products such as chip storage, fingerprint recognition, chip, and screen touch drive. In 2020, housing economy led by pc/nb market demand continued to flourish with eight-inch crystal round generation demand due to the effects of the epidemic.
The industrial products mosfet and pmic are in short supply. In the consumer electronic season, fingerprint recognition chips and screen touch drive chips further exacerbate the energy gap. Eight inch crystal round production is a critical catalyst: q3 consumer electronics season, 20h1 smartphone market demand surges;
2. China aims to accelerate the process of substituting chips for national production by increasing the availability of supplies before sanctions fall; 3. Some Fables clients are concerned about the risk of medium-core international sanctions, diverting production capacity to other generations of plants; 4. Epidemic-driven demand for mobile terminals and new energy vehicles increases and the need for semiconductors increases.
X-ray microcentre high-quality track, which is a core beneficiary of production capacity constraints. X-ray operations are divided into products and programmes (indm), manufacturing and services (in behalf of workers), product and programme units are currently mainly based on the idm business model, and manufacturing and service modules provide specialized services to semiconductor enterprises at home and abroad. X-ray operations were divided into product and programme operations, manufacturing and service operations in 2019.
The company’s product and programme business section focuses on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart control areas, mainly operated by subsidiaries such as Hua Yunhua Crystal, Chong Qinghua emblems, Hua Yunyuco, Hua Yu Wai, Hua Yu Yuen Semiconductor. The company is the most comprehensive power-engineer for the current domestic product line, and the mosfet manufacturer has the largest domestic operating income.
The technological capabilities are leading, and the products are more competitive on power devices such as igbt, sbd, frd, which together contain more than 1,100 separate device products and more than 500 sub-products of ic.
The manufacturing and service industry provides services such as semiconductor open crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, and is mainly operated by the controlling subsidiaries, Hua Yue, Hua Yun Sheng, and Hua Yui. The company has China’s leading crystal round manufacturing services, one of the country’s main semiconductor special process platforms, and the first three indigenous crystal round manufacturing firms in the country. The company has 1 8 inches and 3 6 inches of semiconductor crystal round production lines in tinless and 1 8 inches of semiconductor crystal production in Chongqing.
Lines, with a 6-inch crystal circle manufacturing capacity of approximately 2.47 million tablets/year, and a 8-inch crystal manufacturing capacity of about 1.33 million tablets/years: semi-conductor seals in tinless and Shenzhen tested production lines with an annual containment capacity of about 6.2 billion. The company operates a complete semiconductor industrial chain of layouts, customers cover several end-point areas such as consumer electronics, industry, power sources, etc., and the customer base is vastly diverse.
Product performance and leading technological R & D capabilities, companies have accumulated significant amounts of well-known domestic and foreign customer resources, such as electronics, mesmerized electronics, cyborg electronics, diodes, mps, micro-wilds, e-electronics, etc., and corporate products have been widely applied to such well-known national and international end-use products as Haile, Mei, Bo, Genesis, Guangbao and Tinless Crystals, covering multiple end-use areas.
Figure 4: The company’s major client, Hua Yuu, elasticity measurement, adjusted for 21 years of profit projections, is expected to bring greater performance elasticity to China Yu, as q4 demand continues to flourish and prices increase continue. Our reasonable measurement of performance elasticity is as follows:
In 20 years, q3 companies had a total revenue of $1.83 billion (carrying line, not rising prices), of which mosfet earned 30% (about $550 million), pmic surrogates 25% (about $450 million), and eight inch surrogates 25%. Hua Yunkai Electronics Ltd. is China’s leading semiconductor with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal-crys production, and seal testing, and is a country.
A small number of semiconductor enterprises that cover the entire industry chain.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on their own professional understanding, that, by reasoning their judgment and drawing conclusions, they seek objectivity and fairness.