[New Year's review of telecommunications, New Year's report,] Foster:eva gel taps, steady growth in performance, operating profits of 970 million yuan, an increase of 30.49 per cent in the same year, and net returns to mothers of 848 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
The company's performance growth is due mainly to the following factors:
The company is the tap of the global photovoltaic encapsulated material, the film's income, practice number: s03005160001, or more than 86%. Global photovolt capacity in 2016 was 69.5gw, of which China is photovoltile.
With the addition of 34.5gw, which is the highest in history, the increase in capacity directly contributed to the growth in the volume of the company ' s film output, which in 2016 was 467 million square metres, a 25% increase in the corresponding volume, generating revenue, and the production line for the new acetylene film. The company acquired the TOC chemical in Thailand in 2016.
The 17-year slowdown in light-voltage machines does not affect the company ' s long-term development.
After rapid growth in 2014-2016, the photovoltaic sector is expected to slow down this year. Energytrend projects a global capacity of about 70.3gw in 2017, a slight increase over 2016.
The solar cell film production project has been put into production, with a significant increase in production capacity and a further increase in city occupancy is expected. New material for the layout, opening up new performance growth points.
The fccl and aluminum plastics membrane are now being sampled and produced in a timely manner, based on client feedback. The New Materials Enterprise is an extra-photovoltaic layout operation that is expected to start at the end of this year, with optimism.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the Chinese People's University and currently President of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.