3-quarterly review of performance, stable asset position, and significant retail transition
The Bank of Peace issued a three-quarterly report with $798 billion in revenues in the first three quarters of 2017, a decrease of 2.6 per cent, a net gain of $12.6 billion, an increase of 2.13 per cent for yoy, an increase of 2.68 per cent, corresponding to 30 per cent. Corporate assets were in good condition, poor rates were generally stable, retail operations were significantly transformed, and retail operations were now contributing 42 per cent of income and 65 per cent of profits.
Seeing the transformation of the company's retail business and maintaining the “buy-in” rating, the first three quarters realized a revenue of $798 billion, a decrease of 2.60 per cent from the same period (business income before the reversion: the negative rate was largely stable: 1.75 per cent at the end of the three quarters and the ring rate was reduced by 1 bp from this year's experience).
In terms of bad composition, there has been a decline in individual lending, from 101.44% to a further deepening of retail operations, and there is scope for a further decline in the negative rate. In terms of interest-group lending, the ring ratio has continued to decline, by 9 percentage points, close to the regulatory red line, but with insecurity and stability.
A strong retail transformation, with notable results: Peace Bank has been working on a retail banking transition, and currently numbering 6574 million customers, an increase of 25.48 per cent from the end of the year, and credit card circulation cards amounting to 3.389 million.
This represents an increase of 32.33 per cent from the end of the previous year, with retail operations achieving business income of $33.6 billion in the previous three quarters, and institutional investors accounting for the share of the circulation a.
Rapid growth in fees and fees, with $348.5 billion recorded in fees and commissions in the first three quarters, an increase of 50.47 per cent over the same period (9.83 per cent increase in fees and commissions), zero growth in fees and commissions combined, declining interest differentials, negative growth in net interest income, while maintaining faster interest-bearing assets
Growth, with an increase of 12.28 per cent in the average balance of interest-bearing assets over the previous three quarters, has remained at double-digit growth, although in the context of the central bank ' s monetary neutrality, the cost of money has risen, while the Bank of Peace has a relatively weak capacity to access cheap deposit funds (the savings balance at the end of the 30th quarter has increased at zero per cent) and the end of the debt.
Reliance on bond issuance and peer operations, with balances increasing by 17.79 per cent over the same period last year, net interest differentials falling by 32bp on year-on-year basis, with a greater impact on the decline in interest differentials, net interest income falling by yoy overall Profit projections: overall, corporate performance met expectations, retail transformation results were significant, no
Good rates are generally stable, interest-group lending is declining and asset quality as a whole can be controlled, but 2017 Management strengthened banking supervision, monitoring of banking practices, financial management and capital adequacy. Corporate performance will also be affected, and due to the current monetary policy tone,
The higher interest rate will put some pressure on the cost of safe bank funds.
Taiwan Hong Kong Shanghai Chinaresearchdept. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.