The three-quarterly report of the Bank of Peace shows that the retail transition has been effective, and when the readjustment of the fund is under way, the Bank of Peace ($00001.ch/RMB11.48, with no rating) is determined to push forward the retail transition strategy.
In the context of corporate financial consolidation, the growth of retail business is sustainable. In the retail transformation process, the interest spreads resulting from corporate restructuring have been narrow, affecting the firm’s net profit growth performance.
The net interest differential of the firm is still down the road, but with the emerging advantage of the size of the retail business and the gradual completion of the restructuring, the net interest differential will be reduced somewhat. In terms of asset quality, the negative forward-looking indicators have improved, but the risks of the company’s stock will still need to be absorbed over time, and asset quality turning points will need to be established.
Retail operations showed good performance, with fees and fees rising at a low rate. The net profits of the Bank of Peace increased by 2.3 per cent in the first three quarters of the first 17 years of the year, slightly more than in the second quarter of the year (2.1 per cent in the same year), and revenue collection (by 2.6 per cent in the same year) continued to be the main cause of the increase in net profits of companies.
Net interest income fell by 0.9 per cent over the same period, and retail operations continued to thrive against the backdrop of the company ' s retail banking transition strategy. The assets of retail customers grew by 28 per cent over late 2016 and the number of retail customers increased by 26 per cent over the previous year.
Businesses such as finance, hosting, etc. are shrinking, and corporate fees will remain at a low pace in the face of tighter regulatory conditions and relatively weak corporate growth in public business. Growth in public business is weak, and debt restructuring affects interest differential performance.
At the end of the three seasons, corporate retail lending grew by 13.9% and increased by 4-45% compared to the end of the two seasons. At the end of the three season, deposits grew by a weaker margin, and the ring remained largely flat, mainly because of the weak growth of business deposits, a 0.9% decline in the ring, but retail deposits increased better and the ring increased.
4.5%. Provisions need to be further observed for asset quality due to weak growth in corporate deposits, company initiatives to supplement corporate liabilities and debt issuance, 3 end-of-season liabilities + debt issuance as a proportion of total liabilities as compared to the previous 2-quarters of 1 pct to 32% of corporate assets 3-quarters
The three-quarter failure rate for the Bank of Peace was 1.75 per cent, the ring drop was 1 bp, the annual negative production rate for the three-quarter write-off was 2.80 per cent for the company, and the ring was 4 bp lower than the two-quarters, but the absolute value was still at a higher level. The company ' s bad advance indicator was improved, with 3.89 per cent for the category of concern at the end of the three-quarters and the ring ratio.
Stringent. Despite some easing of pressure on the quality of the company's assets, the company's own asset quality is relatively weak compared to that of its counterparts, and it still takes time to absorb the risk of stock, the establishment of a niche in the quality of the company's assets.
Ring below 18bp to 2.66%.