Peace Bank (000001ch) Science and technology to transform the group's advantage into competitiveness.
The Bank of Peace now has an advantage in the traditional retail lending business, which will build the new model of “1-2-3-4” and “the leading smart retail money”
The vision of the Peace Group is to be one of the largest and leading private financial services groups in China. The group has a leading role in products, clients, channels, cross-sales with excellent results, retail operations are increasing, and production is slowing down.
Strengths, including a well-developed product system (with the best financial license plates), a wide distribution network (1.3 million risk agents), large customer resources (153 million individual clients and 430 million Internet users), priority sales: credit cards, new loans
And automobile finance is growing faster, developing potential and leading back-up platforms (plantation, standardization, intelligence, processation). Depending on group aggregates, it's huge and assets are of good quality.
We believe that the Bank of Peace has an advantage in receiving comprehensive services from clients and customers. At the same time, the Group has a leading role in financial science and technology, which is reflected in large data and block chains, safe financial clouds, artificial intelligence, etc., as well as the creation of technical barriers to the Bank of Peace.
At present, there is an advantage in traditional retail loans, and the Safe Bank will create a “lead smart retail bank” through a new model of “1-2-3-4”. Credit cards: collections, profits, over 40 per cent of large retail sales; number of negotiable cards, cross-linepos shares, asset yields are in the forefront of listed equity banks; cost of obtaining customers, year-on-year.
Ficca, risk indicators are better than industry averages. New loan: launched in 2009, focuses on the long tail population. Self-built wind control systems, quantitative rating models, and access to third-party mail data. Automobile finance: 15% market share, three years ahead.
Mobilize aum to drive debit cards with credit cards. Two major capabilities -- big data, wind control. Three new three -- social + mobile applications + remote services (sat)/organizations, nodes, product changes. Four-wheel drive -- comprehensive totsat, family transfer office model, traditional bank upgrade model, b2b2c.
Adequate investment of resources to balance short-term performance growth towards a medium- and long-term transition to smart retail banks  Good performance, increased retail operations and slowed down the rate of undesirable generation. Business revenue in the third quarter of 2017 was $33.6 billion, an increase of 38 per cent, and 42 per cent of total revenue, a rise in the same proportion.
Cross-sales performance has increased significantly, and the overall financial advantage has been further accentuated. In the first three quarters of 2017, comprehensive channels: debit clients added 43%, an increase of 26 percentage points, and credit cards.
Milecfa, frm, 44 per cent, 14 percentage points more than in the same year (54 per cent in the third quarter); new loan disbursements compared to Han Ka Nan
Credit card: Future Credit Card Development Strategy: Valuable Big Customer Entry, First Line of Business (first brand of share-based banks) and Second Group Financial Card. New loan: Rapid, with balances of $113.7 billion at the end of September 2017. Quality of assets is improving.
The failure rate has been declining steadily since the fourth quarter of 2015. New loans and loans are personal credit loans, but information certification, sales management, data accumulation and product design (single letters) are completely different. The risk loss rate for single-letter products is as low as one third of circular products. The new loans are targeted at high-quality (prime) customers.
More than 70% of clients have an annual income of more than 200,000. In 2016, the balance was 77.4 billion yuan, with a higher market share and a lower than industry average.
Twelve billion yuan, with the company ' s target of 380 billion yuan by 2020. Five-year vision: to be a leading domestic automobile gold-emitting service provider, and to build the country’s most specialized eco-financial services platform.
Selling banks provide a huge natural advantage, and from the first three quarters of this year, cross-sales have finally made a breakthrough, with significant improvements in credit cards, new loan distributions, and the use of big data, face recognition, etc., as well as effective risk control, retail credit.
Lender business models are being optimized, asset quality continues to improve, and Safe Banks are transforming group advantage into real competitiveness. As future consumption increases as a share of gdp, retail operations still have much room for growth, and in the medium to long term, technology applications have enabled Safe Banks to develop retail business.
In the short term, retail operations have accelerated in the context of strong financial regulation, building on the group's combined financial and technological advantages, and safe banks have invested in the creation of leading intelligent retail banks.
1) As a result of the Group's comprehensive financial system, the Bank of Peace has the advantage of receiving comprehensive services from clients and customers; the Group of Peace has the leading role in financial science and technology, and has also established the Group of Peace and Security for the Bank of Peace. The vision is to be one of the largest and leading private financial services groups in China.
Clients and channels have leading advantages, including a well-developed product system (the most complete financial license plate), a wide distribution network (1.3 million risk agents), large customer resources (153 million individual clients, 430 million Internet users) and leading back-up platforms (plantization, standardization, intelligence, processation).
Peace Corps leads in financial science and technology: big data and block chains: big data platform data size 8.5pb; individual user data labels 20,000; advanced letters technology, enabling 2,200 institutions to manage risks.
Artificial intelligence: Accuracy 99.8 per cent for face recognition and 99 per cent for voiceprint recognition. 2)...Peacebanks have an advantage in traditional retail lending.a. Credit cards: receipts, profits, over 40 per cent of large retail sales; number of circulation cards, share of cross-linepos.
The rate of return on assets is at the top of the list of listed equity banks; the acquisition cost is lower than the industry average; the annual fee ratio is higher than the industry average; and the risk indicator is better than the industry average.b. New lending: launched in 2009, with a focus on the long-tailed group, creating a universal front line for credit loans; and services of millions
Clients, 9 years of wind-control data accumulation and multiple cycles; self-building wind-control systems, quantitative rating models, access to third-party mail data; centralized, plant-based operating processes.c. Automobile finance: 15 per cent market share, leading three years in a row. Mainstream brands have basically achieved total-to-sum battles.
Little cooperation and coverage of mainstream cities across the country; high price levels sustained for many years, low rates of poor performance; full-line business process upscaling. 3). Peacebanks created “lead smart retail banks” through a new model of 1-2-3-4.
Smart banks require customer-centred, Internet-based thinking, technology-led, organized agile financial + Internet-intelligent retail banks at new flow entrances.
Two major capabilities – big data, wind control. Three new three-changes – social + mobile applications + remote services (sat)/organizations, points, products.
Four-wheel drive -- sat, family transfer office model, traditional bank upgrade model, b2b2c model. Companies guarantee sufficient investment of resources to balance short-term performance growth and achieve medium- to long-term intelligent retail banks. Since the beginning of the year, cross-sales have yielded excellent results and retail operations have increased rapidly.
1. Retail operations are growing rapidly, with a positive trend in asset quality.a Retail performance is growing rapidly. Business revenue of $33.6 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, a 38 per cent increase in the same year.
With 42 per cent of the total revenue, an increase of 12 percentage points over the same period, the company ' s target future retail business revenue will be $32.6 billion in savings, an increase of 21 per cent from the beginning of the year; and $747.1 billion in retail loans, an increase from the beginning of the year.
In the first three quarters of 2017: 43 per cent of new contributions from debit clients, an increase of 26 percentage points in the same year; 44 per cent of new credit cards, an increase of 14 percentage points in the same year (54 per cent in the third quarter); and a new loan.
Development potential is enormous, with assets of good quality (1). The volume of new cards is growing across the board. 9.91 million new cards were issued in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 67 per cent (2). Group access costs are low and clients are of good quality. Group access costs are 63 per cent lower than their own;
Group-channel delay rates are 0.2 percentage points lower than those available; the annual Faka ratio is 18 percentage points higher; the average household consumption is 14 per cent higher. (4). Business income and profit booms increase and contribute to retail sales continue to rise.
Credit card operations accounted for 40 per cent of retail sales, an increase of 3 percentage points in the same year; net profits accounted for 49 per cent, an increase of 4 percentage points in the same year. (6) Credit card future development strategy: valuable customer entrance, first-tier industry (equity bank)
First brand, the group’s second financial card, which reached 0.65% by the end of the 2nd quarter of the year. The new loan and loan are personal credit loans, but information certification (third-party platform verification, face signing), sales management (class management, proactive management), and data accumulation.
Starting at 09, the product design (single letter) is completely different. The risk loss rate for a single gift product is as low as one third of a revolving product. 3) ... The new loan is targeted at a high-quality (prime) client, with more than 70% of the clients earning more than 200,000 dollars a year.
Lending is a long-tail group, and in 2009 Safe Bank took the lead in launching a new loan without collateral. Characteristics: no collateral, quick loan, easy access, threshold: more than $4,000 a month. More than 70% of clients earn more than $200,000 a year, with 210,000 in each case, with 36 months being the highest.
4. With the rise of technology such as the ai, the Internet, etc., the new lending process has shifted from electronicization, standardization to linear upscaling, mobileization, and intelligence. The balance in 2016 was $77.4 billion, with a market share of about 5%; we expect to go to cities, where self-built channels are combined with silver and silver, and the number of customers (focusing on expanding the middle-product population), the model.
Innovations (new channels, online, landscaped; new processes, online, mobile, paperless, intelligent stream 1).
3) The country has the world’s highest volume of automobile sales, with a promising second-hand vehicle, with only 25% financial penetration, compared to more than 60% penetration in developed countries. The post-market (consumption financing, car insurance, etc.) has great potential for development.
5-year vision: to become the leading provider of automobile financial services in the country, and to build the country’s most professional operators. Peacebank is a cross-regional, stock-based commercial bank controlled by China’s Safeguard (Group) Limited.
Silver International, 10th floor of the Vanji Building, 68th Mid-Teuk Road, Hong Kong.