The performance of 24q1 improved significantly on a year-on-year basis, with the expansion of the product category and the strengthening of the image - the São Paulo stock (300661.sz) incident assessment report received short-term pressure and improved during the quarter
In 2023, the economy, both domestic and foreign, was depressed, the global semiconductor integrated circuit industry was in a downward cycle, demand was low, sales slowed, and most of the subdivisions were still in a contractionary cycle, with companies growing in only part of the segmented areas, such as new energy cars.
The main business is the development and marketing of simulation integrated circuits, integrated circuit design, with a more stable growth capacity and a stronger resistance to cycles. In 2023, the demand for smart, high-performance calculations, new-energy cars and so on continued growth and consumption continued.
As the e-market warms, the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve. Strengthening core technologies, expanding product categories. Companies have a strong autonomous R & D and innovation capacity, which has been growing for more than a decade.
Large R & D investment, 737 million yuan in 2023, operating income, chip area, 2023 q2 income ring comparison, input + core talent, continued expansion.
New products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights that can be widely applied to industrial controls 2022-12-26 long-term growth of power, motor power, communications equipment, consumer-type electronics and medical devices, etc.
3 St. State Shares (300661); Performance area. In 2023, the company introduced a high-precision voltage benchmark, hyper-intension loss and isolation, combined with expectations, accelerated expansion of product groups.
A high-bandwidth double-channel differential simulation switch, a two-way charge pump, a self-researched amp-cot-fb structure with an efficient dc/dc pressure-relief core with super-quick response, 8 channels with 14-bit 1msps low power consumption adc, etc., with advanced world levels, full
New products with full market demand, covering a wide range of product groups, consolidating upstream and downstream resources and enhancing brand influence.
Businesses have maintained stability and sustained strategic cooperation, working with the company's main crystal circle since its inception, and the manufacturers' power generation has been working together and maintaining good partnerships, testing and testing.
The company also plans to build an integrated circuit testing centre in Jiangsu City, Jiangsu province, which is planned to run well after the delivery of the project, to take over some of the tests.
Marketing patterns help to improve the efficiency of the marketing chain. The company’s products serve more than a hundred market segments, thousands of customers, while expanding the existing market areas, are actively deployed in applications such as networking, new energy sources, artificial intelligence, etc.
We've got a new core, we've got a market front, we've got a bigger market share, we've got a bigger internal and external client base, and we've got a bigger brand, not 78.4, 48.8, 37.6.
According to the year-on-year growth in performance in the first quarter of 2024, companies continued to expand their product categories and maintain a “buy-in” investment rating.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, on account of, or on account of, the specific suggestions or observations made in this report. The index of representativeness of the securities market indicates that a share market is based on 300 indexes of depth: the new three-board market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.