South Air: Hand in hand, United States, working together, on the road, making it happen.
The company announcement states that on 27 March 2017 in Guangzhou City, the United States Air Service signed the Share Acquisition Agreement. According to the agreement, American Airlines would subscribe to approximately 8.83% of the company’s newly issued shares in HK$ 1,553 million and 2.68% of its total equity.
The framework agreement and the series of commercial cooperation agreements.
China’s civil aviation industry, especially on domestic routes, has been highly competitive, with the four major airline companies accounting for 88.4% of the market share, and China’s shipping rtk accounts for 27.6% of the industry and South China for 27.6% of the industry.
26.3 per cent, East China 20.9 per cent, and Sea 13.6 per cent. In the face of increasing competition in the domestic market, major shipping movements have placed their eyes on the international market and, in recent years, stock prices have been relative to market performance (nearly 12 months).
The annual report shows that the share of international airline operators in South China in 2015 was about 23.6% (an increase of 2.09 percentage points) and the share of international operations is increasing year by year. But South shipping is still less competitive on international routes. South shipping is based in Guangzhou, building the Canton Road.
International air hubs, mainly in South-East Asia, South Asia, and Australia, are less competitive with North American and European markets because of their geographical location and their early entry into the Australian market. As a result, it is imperative for South China to seek partners internationally, particularly in North America and Europe.
In terms of the market pattern of the United States and China, the combined air market share is 29 per cent, the share of the United States and China is 22 per cent, the share of East China is 15 per cent, the share of the United States and China is 11 per cent, the share of the United States and 9 per cent, the share of South China is 6 per cent, and the share of the maritime market is 4 per cent, which is the 2014 figure, as China continues to increase its shipping capacity.
In recent years, China’s market share has been rising, and the US market share has declined. This South China-United States cooperation has been beneficial in maximizing its advantages, promoting mutual development, and significantly increasing the market share of both sides.
In the case of South China, the cooperation of South China + United States is conducive to the development of international markets, the sharing of shipping codes, the raising of the share of international markets, the enhancement of the competitiveness and influence of companies in global aviation markets, and the laying of a solid foundation for the strategic objective of building a world-class air industry group.
For American Airlines, Beijing airport is held by the United States and the United States, Shanghai airport is held by the United States, Shanghai airport is held by the United States, and there is limited space for development in Beijing and Shanghai, while Guangzhou, which is the home base of the South, has a better pattern of competition in the South, and this hand-in-hand cooperation has helped American navigation to open up domestic markets and raise market shares.
In fact, as early as September 2015, the State Department issued its Opinions on the Development of a Mixed Economy in the Development of State-owned Enterprises, which defined seven major clusters of electricity, oil, gas, railways, civil aviation, telecommunications, military and the like.
In December of the same year, the National Finance Committee further narrowed down seven areas and promoted a pilot reform of mixed ownership in the areas of civil aviation, telecommunications, military engineering, etc.
The Industrial Structural Adjustment Fund, Inc., has become the seventh largest shareholder in the country’s navigation. We believe that this means that the country’s navigational mix has become a top-heavy one, and that the funding of the National Reform Fund will help the country’s navigation drive the process of diversification and development in terms of strategic resource consolidation and investment mergers and acquisitions.
As a result of the July 2015 subscription agreement signed with the United States of America, the United States of America and the United States of America agreed to purchase 466 million Hong Kong dollars (US$ 2.75 billion) of their share capital, representing 10 per cent of their share capital and 3.55 per cent of their total share capital.
With 26% of the total market share, competitiveness and influence increased. Of the country’s top three state-owned airlines, both the State and the East have operated, and only the South has yet to be finalized, so cooperation with American Airlines is also expected.
American Airlines is a fully-owned subsidiary of the American Air Group. American Airlines has nearly 6,700 flights a day.
Nearly 350 destinations to more than 50 countries are the largest airlines in the world and a founding member of the Allies. As of the end of 2016, the United States air host fleet stood at 930, with nine hubs in the United States: Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas/Wasburg, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia,
Phoenix and Washington, D.C. South is one of the country’s three major state-owned airlines, with the largest number of Chinese carriers, the most developed network of routes, and the largest annual passenger carrier, with a total of 667 passenger and cargo carriers.
First of all, South China flies more than 2,500 flights a day to 38 countries and territories around the world, with 261 destinations. Its headquarters are based in Guangzhou, with 15 branches and six major affiliates, including Xinjiang, Beijing, Shenzhen, Hainan and Xiamen Aviation, Luang Head Aviation, Pearlhai Aviation, Tokyo, Los Angeles, New York, London, etc.
The size of the South and the U.S. are similar, and the “one-to-one” is an important basis for cooperation. In the light of the mixed experience of East China, the arrival of the Da-Americans in 2015 resulted in 9 international routes and 116 domestic flights.
And the follow-up collaboration between the South and the United States will help to upgrade the capability of the hub, reduce the transit bridging time, cooperate in areas such as warehouse sharing and joint sales, and improve the competitiveness of companies. According to the company’s main operations data for January/February this year, there is a comparison between the company’s internal and foreign occupancy rates.
We believe that, with domestic and foreign infrastructure, the demand for civil aviation is expected to rise in Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.