National gold foliage, South Air (600029.sh) Airfield
(b) Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average company fundamentals (RMB)
Southern Airlines has agreed with American Airlines (americinairlines, inc.) on the core elements of a potentially significant strategic collaboration with the Department, including the distribution of h shares to American aviation, a series of business collaborations with American aviation, such as code sharing, intermodal agreements, etc.; the company will be reinstated on March 28.
In 2006, China was able to hold a cross-share with China and Thailand through the Star Project, and in March this year it completed a fixed increase, with China’s State-owned Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund becoming the seventh largest shareholder, increasing China’s expectations of a change.
In September 2015, DATA announced an investment of $450 million and won 3.55% of its shares. The above precedent has put pressure on South Air to improve its focus on research at the annual working session of the South China Air Group in January this year, where shares and strategic collaboration with the United States Air Force have been announced.
Souther aviation will accelerate the mix-up, leading to a catch-up in equity structures, airline coverage, etc.
Performance - Southern Airlines Review, 2016.10.31 It is clear that, in 2016, both supply and demand for the international line of Oriental Airlines outpaced Southern Airlines, reaching 2.
28.9 per cent and 29.7 per cent. This time, South Air has introduced the world's largest airline, American Airlines, for a strategic slide-Souther review. 2016.8.30 Cooperation to operate United States inland connections through a range of commercial collaborations, such as code sharing, intermodal transport agreements, etc.
3. The four-hub continuum, with the largest beneficiary of aviation warming, will effectively assist Southern aviation in opening up the North American market and extending to the United States inland at no cost.
4. International Line fare pressure, low oil prices driving up performance Resurgence of guestship, multiple benefits catalytic performance: starting in the fourth quarter of 2016, corporate aviation needs began to be expected to be higher than expected, and fare prices are expected to be driven by rising occupancy rates in the season. In addition, crude oil prices
South aviation’s introduction of US aviation strategic investments has made significant gains to international line operations. Most notably, Guangzhou.
To be a hub, a secure European-American-Australian route will be set up to tap into the second-line city in the country, benefiting the economy of the central-western region (8610) 66216815 Wongfanyang.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.