South Air - Plan to work with and distribute to the U.S.
Liu Zhicheng, cfa* Southern Air (1055hk/60029/ch, holding) announced that it was negotiating with the United States Air (aaa) (aalus/no rating) to issue new shares and other commercial cooperation to the latter.
No further details are disclosed, but according to Bloomberg, US Air is going to spend $200 million to buy the new H share of South China. If it's true, US Air will hold a 2-3% share in South China, with little impact in the short term. Maintenance of the share rating. Negotiations are under way to issue the new stock to American Airlines and other commercial cooperation.
In addition, South China announced that it was negotiating with various parties, including American Airlines, potentially significant strategic cooperation (the term “potential cooperation”), with a view to issuing new shares and other commercial cooperation. There is considerable uncertainty about the potential cooperation, which may be ongoing or unattainable.
According to Bloomberg, a source who was reluctant to reveal his identity said that the focus of the negotiations was on US-air spending about $200 million on the South China H Unit. According to the source, the deal could be done through targeted increases.
With its headquarters in Guangzhou, the collaboration with the world’s largest airline has helped the company to expand its transport network by increasing the number of destinations by means of code sharing. By reference to the content of the negotiations expressed by the source, American Airlines will nominate an observer to the South China Board of Directors, but will not have the right to vote.
Investments are small and across different aviation alliances, so their impact is small in the near future. Of the country’s three major aviation departments, only South China has not introduced foreign airlines as major shareholders, and the civil aviation industry is now moving forward.
We believe that cooperation with American Airlines is beneficial to the long-term development of the South China Airlines, and that the Department can expand its routes, cooperate in marketing and ticket sales, and raise brand awareness. But, South China is part of the Tenant Union, and aa is part of the family.
Barriers, the returns may be less than cooperation within the same coalition. And, if the investment is around $200 million, American Airlines will hold a 2-3% stake in South China.