Events: Xinhua Insurance published in mid-2020, generating operating income of $11,866 million, +31.5 per cent, net return to the mother of $8,222 million, 22.1 per cent, deducting Xinhua Insurance (60136.sh)
Afterward net profit of $8,286 million, corresponding to 4.7 per cent, weighted average share gain of $2.63 million, corresponding to -22.2 per cent, weighted average net asset return of 9.13 per cent, compared to \triangleright net profit of \triangleright of -22.1 per cent, Xinhua insurance of 11,866 million yuan, compared to +31.5 per cent and net return of 8.22 billion yuan, corresponding to -22.1 per cent,
Mainly due to the policy of pre-tax deductions for commission charges, the base was higher during the same period last year, with net profit after deductions of $8,286 million, compared to 4.7 per cent, and positive factors of $1 billion,2 plus 133.2 per cent for impairment of assets, resulting from an increase in the value of available-for-sale financial assets. > A strong increase in insurance premiums driven by a strong increase in insurance premiums, with the risk manpower still under pressure.
First year + short-term insurance: $34.18 billion, or +119.2 per cent, of which there was a significant increase (1h20.4 billion vs. 20194 million) in the share of the first year of long-term insurance, compared to the Xinhua Insurance Quarterly: strong growth in investment returns (1q20/1h20yoy 12.3 per cent/8.3 per cent) slowed down the first year’s new bill.
Long, silver insurance brings a new one-eye performance. 2020.04 The first-year premium for red and traditional insurance to boost long insurance increased significantly by +4736.3 per cent and 63.6 per cent, respectively, while the second half of the year, when sales became more difficult, resulted in a health risk equal to -15.2 per cent, and nbv corresponding to -11.4 per cent, mainly from low-value products causing a drag on nbvmargin, which fell from 38 per cent to 27 per cent, based on the first-year premium.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The allocation of term deposits and equity-type financial assets is reduced by the allocation of 9th House of the City Street in Beijing. The share of term deposits is raised by 3 ppts to 10.6% at the beginning of the comparison; the shareholding is lower than the non-valued assets.
Investment proposal: The first half of the year, when the silver bond rolled out the new list, the quality of the margin and the manpower needed to be improved. Given the company’s gradual increase in the high value of the margin product \triangleright
The company’s investment performance in the second half of the year is expected to benefit from a higher equity elasticity as current interest rates stabilize and equity markets are active. The company’s current valuation remains historically low, and the underlying investment return assumption in the current valuation is still more than a risk factor: affected by the epidemic, the agent’s recovery is not as fast as expected; the agent’s output is declining, leading to a loss of people; and large capital market fluctuations lead to a return on investment.
\triangleright joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of non-banking financial research in April 2020. Judinin, a master’s degree in finance from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for non-bank finance research.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 to conduct research in the non-banking financial sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.