Quarterly review 2023: Overseas operations are steadily advancing and profitability remains tenacity 3q23report: theoverseasbusinessproressedsteadily, profibilityremainredresilient
The view focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) q3 camp has seen an increase in the steady harvest and Māori rates continue to be repaired.
Billion dollars, +77.05 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of $26,981 million, which remains quite resilient, largely because of the higher competitiveness of the company ' s products and the continuing low prices of raw materials.
Overseas operations are advancing steadily, and domestic power cell competition is increasing. According to sneresearch, global power cell usage by companies in January-August 2023 amounted to 158.3gwh, compared to +54.4 per cent in January and August 2023, with 36.9 per cent in the city and 1.3 pcts in the same year; overseas power cell cities have reached the rate
At the end of 2q23, the company's inventory stood at 48.884 billion dollars, the ring balance was almost equal, and the sale of q3 batteries would be disclosed based on the company's performance.
Approximately 100gwh, production was greater than sales, with capacity utilization increasing to about 70 per cent compared with 62 per cent in the first half of the year, and while inventory values remained low, the quantity of batteries had increased owing to lower battery prices, mainly in preparation for the increase in demand of q4.
New technology research and development is progressing well, and competition for product differentiation is expected to continue to maintain its pioneering advantage. In August, the company released a global first instalment using the phosphate lithium 4c supercharged battery, which supports super fast, extended and high safety, with a “ten minutes charge, 400 kilometers continue” range.
With production at the end of this year and loading in the first quarter of next year, the Gospel batteries are now in the brands of Rich, Avita, the Car, the New Energy for the North, etc., and costs and prices are not different from those of the traditional lithium phosphate batteries, which are expected to open up a full-scale super-enhancement era; m3p batteries.
Profit predictions and investment ratings. Global penetration rates for new energy vehicles are wide, and we believe that companies will continue to take the lead in terms of cost control and technological advantage, with a strong growth in aggregate storage capacity through global capacity release and a more physical layout, with an overall increase in output expected to take place over the long term.
Not as much as expected, and not as much as expected for new-energy cars.