Events: Three-quarter report on coal in Shanxi released in 2021. During the reporting period, companies realized business income. Coal in Shanxi (000983).
The company achieved $10,466 million in operating income in the third quarter of the year, an increase of 26.92 per cent over the same period, an increase in the ring.
The dollar (ibid. +174.91%, ring +20.00%) continues to improve significantly in a single quarter, reaching a decade of high performance. We believe that the core cause of the increase in performance is the substantial increase in the prices of the Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Co. Q. Co. Q. Q. q1 in 2021.
1.02 per cent, q2 and 2.62 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the first two quarters of the round have been largely flat, and since the third season (annual quantitative, quarterly pricing), the price of coal in the Shanxi Coal q3 is projected to increase by around $100/t, thus releasing upward elasticity.
Once again, the Shanxi Coal Price Index (JCCP) rose significantly by 400 points, and the company’s q4 performance is expected to continue to grow and are expected to innovate again. The period was marked by lower cost rates, higher net interest rates on sales, and excellent managerial capacity.
The aggregate size of the fee level shows a downward trend, with sales costs of $204 million and administrative costs of 8.38 pct. During the same period, it benefited from a sustained rise in coal prices, with net interest rates on corporate sales of 11.9 per cent and 8.06 pct. Cost falls, profits rises, and coal-column management excellence is evident.
The company's performance is expected to increase when the Chinese Jinko Coal acquisition is completed. 2021 was the first three-year “start-out” of the Sanxi Coal Group's strategic plan \triangleright \triangleright
In the coming year, resource restructuring will be the main thrust of the new coal-fired project, guided by the concept of resource asset capitalization, capital capitalization, capital securitization and the use of listed corporate platforms to promote the integration and professionalization of coal resources. In August this year, Shanxi-coal released its share issue and cash payments.
Sinda Securities Inc. Purchase of Assets and Collection of Auxiliary Funds and Associated Transactions Project announcement that the company intends to issue shares by cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In the form of cash payments, 51% of the split shares of the Coal Group, 51% of the Chinese saloons, and the 9th House of the House of the City of the West End, Beijing City, purchase 49% of the shares of the Li Jinyu, and Kojiping Coal industry.
After that, the acquisition of assets is expected to add significantly to the company’s performance. Demand is good, the mine is more volatile, and the combination of factors such as import restrictions on Australian coal and the burden of disease on Monco imports is catalytic, the supply is still tight, and the price of coal refined is expected to remain strong.
Risk factors: Uncertain Importation of Coal Refining, Industry Policy Risks, Impairment of Assets, Coal Prices Dr. Ming Left, China University of Mines (Beijing), Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Member of the expert bank of the China Sinda Energy Advisory Company, formerly Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal
For more than a decade now, it has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Plan, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory projects, and in June 2016, it has been working on the coal sector.
CDC, which conducts research in the coal industry; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business Administration, People ' s University of China, May 2017, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.