Retail operations have been steadily developing, leading to improved middle- and middle-end receipts and a negative shift in the profit rate before the single-quarter allocation. The net return profit achieved in the first half of the year was $137.2 million, an increase of 0.4pc compared to the 6.5% increase in q1.
The increase was 1.2%, but the q2 quarter was 4.7%, and the ring q1 was close to 12pc, benefiting mainly from the improved end of Camp Jiang Jiang Song Soon-won, a research assistant. Retail power led to higher growth, other non-interest income performance, and net interest income was negative.
In the first half of the year, operating income was 57,241 million yuan, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period. q2 Q2 Q2 Q1 increased by 10.9 per cent over the same quarter by a significant increase of 9.8 pc over the same year.
Net interest differentials: loan interest rate increases and partner costs fall, driving interest differentials recover, but deposits remain under pressure. 2.26 per cent of net interest spreads in the first half of the year, an increase of 1 bp compared to q1; of which q2 Q2 has dropped by 2bps to 7.33 per cent over the quarter of the year, or the base figure has grown faster than the credit card business, resulting in faster interest-free periods.
Long. At the end of the liability, the q2 interest-bearing liability cost ratio has been raised by 1 bp. The overall recovery of net interest differentials has been driven by a decrease of 13 bps and 9 bps due mainly to improved inter-bank liquidity in the second quarter of the year. The savings cost ratio has been raised by 8 bps to 2.39%. Structurally, corporate deposits and individuals
Assets and liabilities: loans continue to tilt to the retail end, and there is still some pressure on the deposit end. At the asset end, new loans are invested mainly in credit cards, public loans continue to be compressed for five quarters, and the investment end compresses non-target assets.
Of this amount, credit cards account for 53 per cent (+37.5 billion) and individual loans account for 21 per cent (+14.8 billion), while mortgage loans account for more than €14.8 billion, resulting in a significant decrease in current deposits. The size of deposits at the end of June was $2.08 billion, up from 448 per cent in March.
The working paper balance (wind) is approximately $320 billion, which is almost the same as at the end of March, with less than 25% of the “co-leaf plus peer liability.” Quality of assets: higher write-offs and credit card failure rates are of concern.
Credit cards are not of concern. Other personal loans (excluding credit cards) have declined by 5 bps to 0.96% compared to the end of March, and related studies have shown that the rate of bad credit has been reduced by 5 bps to 0.96%.
The negative balance increased slightly by $24 million. The rate of write-offs increased and the negative rate of generation decreased. About $20 billion was written off in the first half of the year,1 The Bank of Peace Quarterly Review: 1.2 billion more funds than in the same period last year, plus a decrease of 23bps to 2.65 per cent in the rate of write-offs.
The quality of production improved steadily, and the cost of deposits was better marked, with a sharper negative rating. Profit forecasts and investment ratings below the balance of loans (excluding instalments) that were more than 90 days overdue at the end of March: the smooth bank retail financial transition worked well, with a strong performance contribution.
Cable 2018-03-15.3. Peace Bank Three Quarterly Review: Zero good rates are steady, public bad is still exposed, and credit card failures are a constant concern.
In addition, loan end-of-end interest rates are raised and the cost of doing business is reduced, together with: retail financial operations development.
Figure 2: Bank income and profit growth in Peace (millions of yuan) Figure 3: Interest income and interest income in Peace Bank as a proportion of non-interest income
Figure 5: Structure of bank charges and commissions ' income
Figure 7: Debt end-of-the-life profile of Peace Bank
Figure 9: Bank deposit structure of the Peace Bank
Figure 14: Three key indicators under S.A.B.'s contribution No. 7