The Bank of Peace (000001.sz) reports semi-annual reviews of speed and quality, continuous release of performance Research assistant: Song Jing Dynasty
On August 15, the Bank of Peace published its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of 57,241 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the previous half, of which the share of non-interest income was 34.6 per cent, an increase of 3.7 percentage points over the previous half-year period; the net profit from repatriation was realized, the retail transition was strong and the profitability situation continued to improve. The total income for the first half of the year was 5.9 per cent over the previous quarter and last year.
During the same period, 4.7 and 7.1 percentage points were increased, with a cumulative increase of three consecutive quarters. The retail business performance: 67.9 per cent of net profit contributions, an increase of 3.4 percentage points compared to the same period last year. The net profit in the first half of the year was 6.5 per cent higher than in the same period last year, and the net gain rebounded from the retail transition.
Basic data (2018.06.30) The strategy pushes for a reversal of the downward trend in interest differentials and steady improvement in asset quality. Credit structures continue to be adjusted to provide a steady medium-term improvement in asset quality.
The percentage of loans went further up to 54 per cent, an increase of 4.2 percentage points from the end of the previous year, and the concentration of public resources in large, weak and growing industries such as health care, electronic information, etc., slowed down the trend towards a rapid increase in the poor rate of lending by enterprises.
The proportion of non-performing loans over 90 days declined from 19 percentage points to 124 per cent at the end of last year, and the negative rating criteria were more robust, and pressure on the end of the debt was reduced. In the first half of 2018, the rate of return on interest-bearing assets increased by 24bps compared to the same period last year, but was affected by the rise in market interest rates and interest-bearing.
The cost of the liability rose by 47bps on a year-on-year basis, and the net difference was generally narrow by 19bps. The quarterly round ratio showed that the asset end-of-the-end rate of return rose at a faster rate than the end-of-the-life end-of-debt end-of-life rate, with the two-quarters net difference rising by 2bps over the end of the quarter.
Investment rating: In the context of rapid retail development, the Bank of Peace has been able to maintain a steady quality of retail loans, reducing the volume of external and external assets to over $500 billion for nearly 20 months, and putting more resources into retail operations. At the same time, there is a strong focus on science, technology, innovation, capital spending on it, and the number of skilled people in science and technology are growing rapidly, and it is expected to transform into retail.
Protecting the escort. We believe that at the current peace bank performance cut-off point it is largely recognized that profitability is expected to continue at a steady upward trend, with the previous forecast of profit upwards and a projected increase in net profit returns in 18/19/20.