We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to be able to do it.
The semi-annual review of the growth of non-interest income, the steady expansion of retail sales, the steady quality of assets, the semi-annual report of the Bank of Peace, which achieved $28 billion in 1h2018, a 5.9 per cent increase in yoy, a net gain of $13.4 billion, a 6.5 per cent increase in yoy, and performance in line with our expectations. The growth in corporate non-interest income is strong.
In the second half of the year, under the relevant policy guidance, it is expected to increase credit delivery and the contribution of interest income on loans is expected to increase. Keeping in mind the dynamism of companies in retailing, financial science and technology, and the group's overall financial advantage, the “buy-out” will be maintained.
The performance of listed banks is consistent with the marginal improvement: a 1.1 per cent increase in revenue compared to 10 battalions, a strong growth in net interest earnings, a steady expansion of interest-bearing assets to compensate for the erosion of interest differentials: at the end of the split income, net revenue from non-interest income increased strongly, with a 13.9 per cent to 17.9 billion increase for yoy.
The main contribution is the near doubling of bank card charges forecast to be associated with the expansion of credit card transactions (1.2 trillion in credit card transactions in the first half of the year, an increase of 90 per cent over the same period). For other non-interest income, the return on investment and fair value changes in financial assets, such as bonds, increased by 94.4 per cent to 1.9 billion.
In terms of interest income, as in the case of 10, subject to cost-side increases, the net difference is lower by the same year:
Benyoy rose by 0.48 pct to 2.35%, while the loan interest rate was relatively insensitive, with only yoy rising the average asset balance measured, and yoy rising by 8.8% to cover the erosion of the interest gap.
Full-scale retailing continues to break: retail services data have been very visible since the Sake Bank was transformed into a retail bank. 1h2018 retail operations have contributed more than half of the company’s revenue, and profit contributions have been achieved due to zero sales operations with relatively good asset quality and less loss of credit and asset impairment.
In 68% of cases, the ratio of revenue to net profit was 10.9% higher than in the same period last year, 3.4 pct. Companies increased their retail investment, with 1h2018 cost earnings compared to 29.7% and yoy rising by 4.9 pct, mainly as a result of increases in employee costs (38.6% yoy), and projected and company Internet retail talent.
The asset quality performance was stable, with a steady increase in the provision of 1.68 per cent of the safe bank failure rate: 1h2018 and the capital adequacy rate continued to rise: 1h2018 bank core level capital adequacy, 1st level capital adequacy rate and capital adequacy rate of 8.34 per cent, 9.22 per cent, 11.59 per cent, higher than regulatory rate of 7.50 per cent,
Approve, and are currently being reported to the CSRC for review and future capital security. We measure debt transferable equity, raise core-level capital, first-level capital and capital adequacy by 1.1 pct, and second-tier capital debt by 1.3 pct.
Figure 3: A decline in bad banking practices (%), with a steady increase in the provision coverage (%)
Figure 5: Capital adequacy (%) in recent years for Peace Bank (expected return; er), as follows:
On August 16, 2018, Chinaresearchdept.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.