The business service has sailed and the wind has swung forward with the 3.0 strategy strongly recommended (maintenance) for 30 years of deep-farming enterprise service, which has continued to break through the operational ceiling and has moved forward firmly with the 3.0 strategy.
From 1.0 finance software to 2.0-erp to 3.0 in the friendly cloud era, the company’s area of operations has been expanding out several times and increasing its income. Wang Wenjing, the realist, has provided strong support for the company’s transformation. The firm’s high focus on R & D investment is more than 20%, far higher than its competitors.
As of 2018q3, the size of the company’s revenues has increased and its net profits have been reversed. The share of companies’ cloud services and financial services services has continued to rise, accounting for 7.64 per cent of the services of 2018q3, 21.47 per cent of the financial services and further optimization of the business structure.
The country’s cloud computing industry is growing faster than the global growth rate. There are a number of policies in place at the central and local levels to support “business on top.”
The company has accumulated a large customer base with a high-quality household structure, providing application programmes for 12 industries, 11 fields of application and 220 subsectors, cutting down to over 2.7 million cumulative service users of the 2018h1 software business and over 60% of China's 500 largest enterprises.
The quality of the income structure is the main reason why companies are more resilient to macro-risks. Moreover, the effect of the company’s transformation is beginning to be felt, with a high rate of growth of over 4.46 million clients, over 320,000 pay-for-service users, and the leading market in China’s publicly owned Yunsaas market in 2017.
As of 2018q3, the company has signed strategic cooperation agreements with Guizhou, Chongqing, Ningbo, Shanghai, Tianjin, Hunan and Tianbo, among others, to fully promote the company's plan of action in the form of a catalogue or resource pool of “business cloud” service providers in various locations such as Zhejiang, Hunan, Sichuan, Guangdong, Liaoning, Inner Mongolia, Jinan, Tianjin and Jiangxi.
Platform + Applications to Build Cloud Services Ecosystems, Clouds + Financial Services Double-Ride Drive. Focusing on Paas with the iuap Clouds platform is an important bridge for cloud applications and infrastructure, acting as a pull factor for overall cloud operations.
Financial services are an important part of the company’s ecological system, providing easy, fast and low-cost gold to business clients.
Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations: cloud services revenue increases rapidly, using the alumni 3.0 strategy to keep pace.
1. A strong push with the friendly 3.0 strategy, with transformational results emerging over 30 years of deep-cultivation business service, continuous break-through of the business ceiling, 30 years of deep-ploughing business service with a friend network, two strategic transformations, leading integrated, integrated, eco-style business services
1.0 Period: In 1988, the company started with financial software and made a major contribution to accounting computing in our country. In 1991, the company became the largest financial software company in our country, and remains at the forefront in the area of financial software. 2.0 Period: 1998, when the company officially released the u8 series of products, marking a shift in its core business from financial software to a erp core
Business management software. In 2002, the company became the country’s largest erp/management software company, in 2005 it became the largest erp/management software department in Asia and the Pacific, and in 2016 it became the world’s leading provider of business services.
In 2016, at the China Business Internet Congress, Wang Wenjing, the chairman of the company, officially announced that the company was entering the 3.00 p.m., moving from a business management software company to an integrated business service provider with three core business lines: software plus cloud services plus financial services.
From the 1.0 to the 3.0 years, the company’s business coverage has expanded several times, leading to a sustained increase in the size of its income, and to a continuous breakthrough in the size of its business ceiling. In 1998, the company first entered the 2.0-erp era, with an operating income of only $129 million. In 2016, the company formally set itself to enter the 3.0-year strategic era of “Soft + Cloud Services + Financial Services” with a business income of over 5 billion, up from 25 per cent in the 1998 capr.
At present, there are over 15,000 employees in the company, five public companies (including a share, h share, and a new three-board market) and more than 20 member organizations, and more than 4 million clients from cumulative service enterprises and public organizations.
At the end of the third quarter of the year, Mr. Wang Wen King provided strong support for the transformation of the company by holding a stake in the Beijing Friends in Technology Ltd., the Shanghai Friends in Science and Technology Consulting Ltd., and the Beijing Friends in Business. With the support of the company’s shareholders, the company firmly pursued its friend in 3.0 strategy.
The ongoing expansion of cloud services, the integrated development of integrated software services and financial services at the heart of the use of the cloud, the provision of integrated, diversified and eco-based innovative and integrated services to clients at the enterprise level, the facilitation of the digital transformation of enterprises and the promotion of the equity of the business services industry Social-level business services for socially integrated businesses
Services Internetization, financialization Business management + business operations + enterprise finance Digital marketing and customer-service smart manufacturing services socialization and corporate finance coordination
1.3 Maintenance of high levels of R & D inputs, consolidation of corporate leadership
According to the 2017 report, the company invested 1,297 million yuan in R & D in 2017, representing 20.45 per cent of operating income. By the end of 2017, the number of company technicians stood at 5189, accounting for 34.15 per cent of the total number of companies;
High levels of R & D investment have helped companies to consolidate their market position, and have been the country’s highest in the area of financial software and traditional erp for many years. According to IQS statistics on the erp market in 2017, friends occupy 31% of the market share of the country’s erp market and are in absolute leadership.
In the area of high-end erp, end-of-life friends are second only to the international giants sap, oracle, accounting for 14 per cent of the market share. $239 million, or 28.9 per cent, 24.6 per cent, 10.9 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, use of friends in the company-level software market.
1.4 The profit trap, the structural optimization of the Māori rate, has emerged as q3 in 2018, the growth in the size of the company’s revenues has accelerated, and the net return to the net profit has lost considerably. From the company’s entry into the 3.0 strategy period, the company’s operating income has returned to high growth. Looking back at the performance of the company’s revenues over the last five years, the growth rate of the company’s operating income has increased significantly since 2016.
The rapid growth in the size of corporate cloud services and financial services is the main reason for the overall increase in the volume of operating income. Of this, the company ' s cloud services increased from $117 million to $409 million in 2017, compared to 2016, and its financial services from $244 million to $803 million.
But as cloud services and financial services scale up, the scale effects of new operations and profitability begin to manifest themselves. The return net profit of q3 in 2018 was $151 million, a significant loss compared to the same period last year, representing the first profit in the first three quarters of the last five years of the company’s accumulated return net profit.
As the 3.0 strategy progresses steadily, the share of corporate cloud services and financial services continues to rise. Of this amount, q3’s soft business achieved revenue of $3.224 billion in 2018, an increase of 19.2 per cent, or 70.89 per cent; cloud services (excluding revenue from financial cloud services) led to a gradual increase in the level of Māori since 2014.
The Māori rate was 71.43 per cent in 2017, an increase of 2.79 percentage points from 68.64 per cent in 2016. Since Māori levels in cloud services and financial services are generally higher than in software services, the company’s business structure will be further optimized as cloud services and financial operations continue to rise in relation to revenue.
2. Policy add-ons for cloud operations, high-quality user structures for competitiveness 2.1 capture cloud computing and policy dividends continue to add up. Currently, the global cloud computing industry is at a steady growth stage, with an average growth rate of about 22 per cent in the coming years.
In 2017, the size of the market, represented by clouds of laas, paas and saas, amounted to $111 billion, an increase of 29.22 per cent. In 2017, the city is expected to grow at a rate of 35.27 per cent over the next few years, and is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate; in 2017, the global market of Paas is expected to grow at a rate of $12.8 billion, or 28 per cent, with annual compound growth expected to remain above 20 per cent over the next few years; and in 2017, the global market of saas was expected to grow at a rate of $65.6 billion.
According to China, the Institute of Information and Communications Technology calculated the size of our overall market in 2017 at 69.16 billion yuan, or 34.32 per cent. Of this, the size of the public cloud market at 26.480 billion yuan, or 55.7 per cent in 2016, is expected to continue to grow rapidly in 2018-2021 and will continue to grow in 2021.
The country attaches great importance to the development of the cloud computing industry and has put in place a number of policies to support it. In 2017, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Three-Year Plan of Action for the Development of the Cloud Plan (2017-2019), which set the goal that by 2019, our cloud computing industry would have reached $430 billion and would have been able to break through a core set of key technologies, with the ability of cloud computing services to achieve international sophistication and enhance the development of the new generation of the information industry.
In 2018, the policy dividend was constantly added, and in August 2018 the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Guide to Promoting the Implementation of Corporate Clouds (2018-2020), which explicitly calls for “a million new upper cloud enterprises across the country by 2020, with more than 100 examples of typical pole applications, a collection of visual, powered cloud platforms and corporate cloud experience centres” to promote the use of cloud computing to accelerate the digitalization, networking and intelligent transformation of enterprises.
2.2 Full coverage of MSMEs with a high-quality customer structure The product operations of companies are fully configured to provide solutions and professional services to clients. Vertically, companies provide different types of product services to large, medium and small micro-enterprises.
The company mainly provides the erp package, industrial solutions, technology and application platforms and professional services. The product consists mainly of nc product lines, u9 product lines, plm product lines, in which nc product lines are the focus of the business; for medium-sized enterprise customers, the company mainly provides the erp package, resolution cases, in which the main product is u8+ product lines; and for MSMEs customers, where the company mainly provides software packages and product support services, mainly by:
It focuses on microfinance finance and management services, and provides specialized accounting and marketing management software for small and micro-enterprises at different stages of growth. Horizontally, companies expand to multi-industry and application areas based on nc, u8 and t-series products.
The company, after 30 years of business, has a large customer base and a high-quality customer structure. The company has 12 industries, 11 applied titles.
A high-quality income structure is the main reason why companies are more resilient to macro-risks.
We believe that a high-end, high-quality income structure is the main reason why companies are able to perform better than competitors in the challenging environment of the overall slowdown in the erp sector from 2011 to 2014. Companies have the country’s largest marketing services network and nearly 100 branches.
The company has nearly 100 branches that run customer marketing, sales, services, and timely and fast-track localization services for large and medium-sized enterprises in the country. The company has an overseas client office, and marketing services have been set up in several regions and countries to expand its operations at the upper and middle end of the country.
There are now nearly 2,000 channels of cooperation throughout the country.
The business model earns revenue from the business model, which uses a standard source of software licences, products, etc.
Distribution patterns, income-earners, distribution patterns, receipt of support and transportation services, consulting
It is to be licensed for a standard product, licensed for a standard product, licensed for an implementation service and customized development.
Income from goods support and transportation services. 2.3 Cloud services account for over 4.46 million clients, with the country's public city of Yunsaas taking the lead.
By the first half of 2018, the number of clients in corporate cloud services had increased rapidly by more than 4.46 million and the number of customers paid out by 320,000. The total number of customers in corporate software had been 271.009 million, of which 29.29 million in large and medium-sized enterprises and 24.18 million in small and medium-sized enterprises. By the end of the third quarter of 2018, it had grown by 39 per cent. The cumulative number of clients paid by large and medium-sized enterprises had increased by 24 per cent from the end of 2017.
Tens of thousands, 47 per cent more than at the end of 2017; 15,95 million paying users, 41 per cent more than at the end of 2017. Figure 23. Corporate cloud services client composition (in terms of number)
China’s public market of Yunsaas was the first to occupy the market in the year. It can be seen that Soyun’s share is very small compared to the second and third place, indicating that the competition environment in the city is still strong, and that there is a need for sustained and increased investment in client outreach and business excellence. 2.4 Strategic cooperation with multi-provincial cities has been signed to build industrial Internet platforms.
In April 2017, Zhejiang Province took the lead in developing a policy plan for the creation of 100,000 additional enterprises, 10 industrial cloud applications and 100 cloud service providers. Since then, the provinces of Inner Mongolia, Shandong, Hunan, Guangdong, Chongqing, Sichuan, Shanxi, etc.
By the end of the third quarter of 2018, the company had signed strategic cooperation with the governments of Shanghai, Tianjin, Hunan, Kibo, etc.
The Agency's strategic cooperation agreement; the company's entry into the catalogues or resource pools of “business-up cloud” service providers in various locations such as Sijiang Province, Hunan Province, Sichuan Province, Guangdong Province, Liaoning Province, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Jinan City, Tianjin City, Jiangxi Province, and its overall promotion of the enterprise plan of action; the company's participation in regional industrial Internet unions such as Inner Mongolia, Guangdong Buddha Mountain, and the strengthening of industrial Internet platforms.
In June 2018, in the list of projects to be supported by the Industrial Internet Innovation Development Project 2018, published on the website of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the company won the "Task 5 (Industrial Internet Platform Testing)" project, which became one of the eight companies to be awarded, reflecting the company's industrial interconnection in the country.
To better serve industrial enterprises, corporate and United Nations-based leading industry manufacturers have launched the China Alliance of Smart Manufacturing Innovative Practices. The Alliance aims to bring together leading domestic and foreign firms in various sectors, complement each other, integrate development, and form solutions that are both soft and hard, and serve China.
The Alliance includes three types of partners: basic support partners, providing network communications, cloud computing, mainframe services, virtualization services, etc.; key technology partners, providing technical support such as industrial interconnection, data collection, smart hardware, product identification, handheld terminals, and place-of-work terminals; and business outreach partners, providing services such as industrial robotics, smart storage, automation engineering, laser equipment.
3. Platform+Application of a full-scale layout, with cloud+ finance two-wheel drive of the 3.1 cloud platform playing a catalytic role in building an ecological system of cloud services with the focus Paas of the friend iuap cloud platform as an important bridge to support cloud applications and connect cloud infrastructure. The company attaches great importance to the Paas platform.
Important, the development of a variety of cloud applications has been accompanied by a focus on the iuap cloud platform. The iuap cloud platform brings together important products that have accumulated in various industries and fields since the software application.
The highest standards, and the Chinese Association of Software Industries has won the “Innovative Cloud Services Platform” award. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company’s cloud platform products were successfully online in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Figure 27. Use of the friendly iuap platform architecture, and use of the friendly cloud platform service as a conduit for the rapid growth of the overall cloud business. Companies use the cloud platform+Application innovative service model, architecture model and organizational collaboration model as cloud operations drivers to provide corporate clients with a unified digital work desk and digital business development
Model services. The platform supports hybrid cloud applications that can be integrated with a variety of software products such as nc and u8. At the same time, the platform can also connect three-way applications and eco-partners to help build an ecological system for cloud services.
The main areas of cloud cover include financial cloud, human cloud, procurement cloud, marketing cloud, synthesizing cloud, electronic invoice, cloud communication, etc. Industrial cloud, construction cloud, car cloud, financial cloud, energy cloud, financial cloud, restaurant cloud, medical cloud, etc. By the end of the third quarter of 2018, 1,300 partners had been reached, 2,300 products and services had been registered, and substantial breakthroughs had been made at the product integration level.
3.2 Create a sticky industrial Internet platform and launch a unique industrial cloud product, which is a comprehensive application of friendly and intelligent industry to industrial enterprises, leading the country in the area of industrial Internet platforms.
It is the product of an industrial Internet platform with corporate labels. On the basis of a friendly cloud platform, the industrial goods network cloud platform has been strengthened, integrating modern information network technologies such as big data, cloud computing, mobile Internet, object networking, artificial intelligence, the core of which is the design cloud for industrial enterprises, the creation of clouds, service clouds, the analysis of clouds, marketing clouds, the purchase of clouds, financial clouds, human clouds, symbiotic clouds, financial clouds and third-party saas services.
In the first half of 2018, the use of the friendly smart industry Internet platform was selected by the Sadie consultant as one of the top 10 industrial cloud platforms in China. In addition to the industrial sector, friends also developed and launched multi-sector cloud products in a variety of sectors, including construction, catering, energy, medical care, finance, education, automobiles, tobacco.
Saas Cloud Services; Energy Clouds, launched by Friends Energy, which helps energy industry enterprises to `clouds' and `Internetize', winning the award of central cloud platform pole customers such as Hiroshima, Tri-Gorge Group, Grand Tang Group; First Financial Sharing Centre project signed by Friends Tobacco Company and successfully launched; Red Fire House Cloud Services Ltd. focused on the catering industry for restaurants, catering supply chain businesses and consumers of catering companies.
A cloud based on the cloud service model, saas and integrated operations services. 3.3 Clouds meet market-specific demand, and cloudp focuses on growing innovation firms. Clouds in the company's fields include, inter alia, marketing clouds, synergizing clouds, human cloud, financial cloud, and procurement cloud, which can satisfy a single function in the market.
The module’s specialization, depth of demand, and extension of the company’s client market range. The marketing of cloud products includes over-in-the-horizon marketing, friends and members, friends and bookings, red points, etc. The marketing of clouds is based on the business model of offering businesses to customers Internet digital marketing, mobile crm and online distribution platform services, access to operating services income, application services income, information and data.
Service income, dividends from the promotion of third-party plant applications, and other value-added services revenue;
Core values, etc., help enterprises to achieve high-quality business, work and management efficiency; human resources, including products such as friends, pay and benefits.
The organization provides high-quality personnel outsourcing, payroll taxes, welfare services, full-scale support to enterprise hr and a high-quality match between the cost of manpower and business, allowing cost rates to be kept manageable, enabling the efficient management of enterprises and fully unleashing their potential;
• Financial clouds provide businesses with financial services centred on smart reporting (friend-to-friend reporting), smart accounting, and intelligent sharing. Friends reporting provides businesses with specialized billing and connectivity services to create new corporate financial values; smart accounting services provide businesses with automated real-time financial accounting, financial reporting and analysis services, and provide tax automation, electronic filing automation, and regulatory filing automation services.
• Purchasing clouds is a platform for enterprise Internet procurement services, the core product of which is friendly access. Toyota provides a one-stop shop service for three trade scenes, in conjunction with a supermarket, a supermarket for industrial goods, a portal for suppliers, and a one-stop shop for various items such as office supplies, mro industrial goods, bom raw materials.
u8clud can provide businesses with integrated cloud solutions, support through new Internet technologies, and support.
Public clouds, mixed clouds, deployment of exclusive clouds, integration of transactions, services, and management of integrated solutions. Through cloud mode, low-cost, rapid deployment, i.e. renting to help companies free of hard software inputs, and fast-tracking enterprise management structures.
Financial operations are an important part of the company's ecological system, linked to various cloud applications, and provide easy, fast and low-cost financial services to business clients, including, inter alia, payment settlements, supply chain finance, cash management, business letters, data wind control, etc.
The company’s financial services operations include, for example, payment services for enterprises and Internet access to finance information services. Among these, the company’s payment services are provided by the company’s controlling subsidiary, Beijing Express Payment Technology Limited.
A business permit allows for nationwide Internet payments and bank card billing operations; the Internet Intruder Information Service (IFIS) operations are provided by the company’s holding subsidiary, Pre-Shin Shenzhen Sea Friendship and Financial Services Ltd. Alumni is committed to providing a professional, process-wide financial information service and to creating a secure, accessible and rich platform for Internet Intruding Information Services.
There has been a rapid increase in the amount of paid business transactions and revenue since the company started its business payment business. Of these, by the end of 2017, the value of paid business transactions was approximately $27.86 billion, an increase of 166 per cent over the same period last year.
The cumulative sum of the Internet access financing information service operations of Guangzhenghangseng continued to break, and the income scale of the company remained at a high level of over 100 per cent: as of 2018 q3, the company ' s revenues from Internet access finance information services amounted to 867 million yuan, an increase of 120.9 per cent over the same period of the year.
On 15 October, the Institute accumulated $38.7 billion, with a steady increase in the ring ratio.1 The software business remains at the forefront and is competitive, the client structure is stable, the business is invested in the industry, in addition to the effects of macroeconomic pressure2, and the rate of renewal of cloud services continues to rise steadily, and the income from cloud operations is steadily increasing;
The regulatory environment for financial services operations has not changed significantly, and transaction amounts have remained steadily increasing;4 and cloud services and financial services have increased their share of financial services have led to structural optimization of the Māori rate, but assuming a stable level of Māori, given the downward pressure on corporate IT spending.
Sub-business operating income projections: Software services: Because of the relatively high share of large firms in the company’s customer structure, we believe that companies have greater resilience to risk in situations where macro-environmental pressures are high. According to the first three quarters of 2018, business information inputs have increased, with greater digitization and intelligence.
Cloud services (excluding financial cloud services): We believe that corporate cloud services are still in the early stages of growth and that they can continue to grow at a high rate, thanks to the impetus of cloud policies in firms everywhere. According to the first three quarters of 2018, revenues from corporate cloud services increased by 186% over the same period. Financial services: Corporate finance operations consist mainly of corporate payments and Internet access to finance information services.
During a period of high growth, we expect high growth in income from payments; Internet access to finance information services, based on 2019 forecast data, adopt a segment valuation method: cloud services (excluding finance) are expected to earn 1,472 million yuan in 19 years, corresponding to about 11.8 billion dollars in market value for eight times the value of ps in conjunction with comparable company valuations and the company development phase; and software services are expected to generate 19 years of business income.
Businesses in the financial category are expected to earn 2,729 million yuan over 19 years, combined with the net interest rate levels of companies listed in the payment and Internet access finance industries, and, in a macro-environment context, business inputs are reduced beyond expectations, resulting in less-than-expected developments in software operations;
Financial regulation has been tightened, the rate of bad accounting for Internet access to finance has risen and financial services have not developed as expected.