The company is the world's leading old component.
Commercially, the production and sale of photovoltaic components began in 2004, were marketed at the New Exchanges in 2006, privateized retirements in 2017 and re-listed in 2020. The company delivered 24.8gw of components in 2021, with a global share of 66 per cent of sales earnings abroad, with Europe accounting for 22 per cent and the highest share of income abroad.
With global carbon neutralization and process acceleration, global component output in 2022/23/24 is expected to reach 270/337/410gw in 2022, reaching 1-2 years with new silicon production to ease supply bottlenecks, and silicon prices are expected to open down the road, along the same lines.
The conflict in Russia and Ukraine broke the global balance between the supply of and demand for natural gas, leading to a sharp increase in electricity prices in some parts of the country, and a degree of expansion in the profitability of the PV component traders in the relevant markets. 210 large-scale leading companies, ranked among the top in the world for many years.
The cell/assembly production capacity is 35/50gw, with large-scale components producing more than 70 per cent of the capacity, and it is expected that the enriched product line will be updated with 210 rectangular silicon and component products in April 2022 to better meet the diversity needs of global clients.
The company built an 8gw-type topcon battery capacity in Jiangsu, which is scheduled to start production in the second half of 2022, with the n-type moving at a relatively advanced pace in the industry. Meanwhile, the public administration has been keeping up with the development of the heterolytic knots technology route, and has completed the preparation of the hetero-cylinder laboratory.
For the next 3-5 years, the company laid the groundwork for technical research. The company had earlier laid out a tracking stand operation and distributed photovoltaic system operations, with a tracking stand arriving in 2021 at about 1.8gw, and a distribution system at about 2.1gw.
Profit forecasting and valuation: the company is fast and long-term in terms of its capacity and business size over the next three years, with expected risks for the company ' s battery technology; new capacity is not working as expected; the risk of an outbreak and trade friction.
In 1988, he graduated as a Master of Science, Physics and Chemistry degree from Jilin Dao, and established and managed a five-year-old martial arts association and precision factory, which is a co-chair of the Global Solar Council and a founding member of the United Nations Development Programme Advisory Council for Sustainable Development.
The company’s development process can be divided into three stages: the Trina 1.0 era (1997-2006): the company was founded in 1997 and the photovoltaics in 1999.
The Technology Research and Development Centre, which officially started its photovoltaic component business in 2004. As one of the early players in the photovoltaic industry, the process of internationalization began gradually, extending the distribution network to all parts of the world.
At 2.0 (2007, \mathbf{4}, \mathbf{4}, companies expanded their business areas, improved their industrial chain layouts, and the volume of shipments grew rapidly, reaching the first level of 1gw in 2010, joined the first global echelon, and at 3.0 (2017-to date) in 2014: companies launched “Innovation, branding, globalization, platforming,”
In 2017, China’s first original home brand, Photovolt, was released. In 2018, it entered the field of tracking supports through mergers and acquisitions. In 2017, the company had been privatized from the New Deal and put on the market in 2020, with the photovolt enterprise returning to the market.
By the end of March 2022, the company actually controlled Mr. Gokifan’s direct shareholding of 16.41%, via the on-board investment.
Indirectly, China, Japan and China have 17.53% of the shares in the company, and its wife, Ms. Wu Chunyan, indirectly holds 0.42% of the shares in the company through the U.S.U.S. dollar, with 34.36% of the shares held by Mr. and Mrs. Goo.
14.82% of equity. Relative concentration of equity in the company.
Created five employee holding platforms involving the core staff of senior management, technical cadres, sales cadres, etc., which together held 3.4 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings. By the end of 2021, the aforementioned employee holding platforms together held 62,862 thousand shares, representing 2.9 per cent of the total equity, and 120 employees, representing the company ' s total workforce.
Through an employee holding platform, the company combines the interests of its employees with the interests of its long-term development, creating sufficient incentives for its employees to develop robustly over the long term. The 6 million restricted shares are reserved.
Motivation and potential highlight management’s confidence in the future growth of corporate performance. The first conditions for the first part of the company’s award were met (net profit of $1.230 billion in 2020, target equities, and eventually the first part of the award was 5.71 million shares.
The company’s main business consists of photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, and three main components of intelligent energy. Photovoltaic products consist mainly of the development, production and sale of photovoltaic components; photovoltaic systems include tracking support, distributed photovoltaic system operations and power station operations; and intelligent energy sources include photovoltaic and wiring services, smart microgrids and multi-energy systems.
The share of revenue in services amounted to 79.2 per cent.
Domestic: Centralized and distributed combinations. According to the China Photovolt Association, in 2022, new domestic photovolts ranged between 75 and 90gw and increased the same speed. In 2021, new domestic photovoltaics were added to 54.9gw, with a distribution of 29.3gw, or 53.4 per cent.
And in the distributional additions, household use rose at a rate of up to 73.8 per cent, reflecting the economic and market potential of the distributed photovoltaic in the larger context of the energy transition, and the increased cost of the industrial chain as a result of the shortage of silicon supplies in 2021 and the passive rise in the price of the components.
As the future supply and demand of the various segments of the industrial chain is restored to equilibrium, the price of silicon falls to a reasonable area of $100/kg, and the domestic photovoltaics show a high growth trend driven by a concentrated and distributed two-wheel drive.
Europe: Energy security concerns for accelerated growth of new energy sources are one of the world’s main markets for photovoltaics, which were at an early stage the backbone of the development of the photovoltaic industry, and have always been a determined driver of clean energy transformation. According to the European Association of Photovoltaic Industries (Sorlarpowereureope) 2021
EU Solar Power Market Outlook 2021-2025 (eumarketoutookfor solarpower 2021-2025) released in November, 2025, EU cumulative photovoltaic capacity will be at 270-372gw homes, with Germany, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands as the countries with the highest cumulative installed capacity by the end of 2021
Figure 9: The European Union ' s accumulated light-voltage machine forecast (gw) The European fossil energy and electricity prices rose sharply after the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, and gas supply was strained in some countries
The situation is that energy security issues have attracted widespread attention from European governments and business people, with the short-term wind, the constant increase in the price of photovoltaics, the surge in demand for photovoltaic purchases, and the rising prices of new tender stations, giving more price space for photovoltaic components.
On March 8, 2022, the European Commission issued a repowereu proposal to further accelerate the green transition and reduce dependence on Russian gas, building on the green new deal (Fitfor55) proposed on July 14, 2021. At the end of February, Germany also introduced new draft legislation on new energy developments, to be 100%.
The pace of development of Europe’s new energy sources will increase significantly, driven by changes in the international situation. New photovoltaics in the US will be 23.6gw in the year, an increase of 19% over the previous year’s total increase in electricity installed in the United States.
The United States solar power generation in 2021 was 30 per cent of total electricity generation in the United States — and there is still much room for improvement. Figure 13: US power plant costs (US$/w)
Since 2017, with the rapid decline in global photovoltaic power costs, subsidies have been falling back, along with photovoltaic components.
In four years of the year, the photovoltaic component cr5 rose from 29.9% to 60.9%, according to company announcements or official web caps, while the share of the head enterprise increased, the production capacity configuration and business structure were characterized separately. Lungi silicon was the largest in the production ratio, reaching 105gw, far greater than its battery assembly capacity; the Tianco, in contrast to Lungi, almost all of the same.
No silicone production capacity is available; crystals have maintained a relatively balanced mix of process capacity (80/80/100/100) and are well integrated; crystals have previously had a significant gap in battery production capacity, which will be supplemented in 2022 with more advanced N-type battery capacity.
The ratio of revenue to the camps is more than 95%, and the ratio is lower for Lungi and Sky. With the exception of components, Lungi contributes the bulk of its income from silicon, reflecting the advantages of size of its components, silicon, and two business plates.
The supply of silicon has increased, and prices are expected to open the way for a decline in production, which in 2019 was greater than in the downstream sector and more than in demand. In 2020, the downstream sector was actively expanding, while silicon was more productive than at the end of 2019 because of the shutdown of overseas manufacturers.
A slight contraction and a basic balance of output across the entire industrial chain. In 2021, the whole industrial chain was in the process of expansion, as expected by the high demand in the photovoltaic sector, but with the long silicon-capacitation cycle, the growth rate was the slowest, making it the most critical link, driving silicon prices and Maori rates to rise significantly in 2021, and others.
The price increase and profit distribution in the current industrial chain due to a serious imbalance between the demand and the demand for staged supply are not sustainable and silicon prices are expected to return gradually as silicon production capacity is released and supply and demand links are tied.
Pre-price levels. As can be seen from year-end output acceleration data, silicon output released in 2022 was the fastest growing link in the industrial chain, so supply and demand stops are expected to occur in the second half of 2022, leading to a return to pre-price levels.
N-topcon is starting to produce, and it's getting better. Beneath efficiency has been the main melody for the development of the photovoltaic industry, and while the country has now achieved side price parity for power generation, it will still need to be reduced over time through technological developments.
Gradually, the volume conversion efficiency of the p battery is getting closer to the theoretical limit, and there is little room for a significant increase in the margins. The N battery has a high conversion efficiency, low photo decay factor, low temperature factor, weak light, good response, high double face rate, which makes it generally higher than p for power generation throughout the life cycle.
Batteries change to an efficient N-type, the main battleground for which technological advances have not been made in the next few years, and where the mainstream technology routes are totcon, hjt, ibc, etc. This year is the first large-scale production of the Topcon route, and the market echoes more in terms of bidding markets and corporate orders.
Positively, the topcon route is expected to lead to a dividend period. Figure 19: Significant optimization of the decay rate of the n topcon battery assembly. Figure 18: Chart of the photovoltaic battery technology route
According to incomplete statistics, the main enterprises that have now achieved n-topcon-volume production are Crystal Energy (16gw in production, 8gw in construction), Central China (3.6gw in production, 8gw in construction), and the main enterprises that are to be launched this year are Skylight (8gw), Crystal and Australasia (6.5gw) and Sida (8gw).hjt, for the time being.
High-cost issues have yet to be resolved, not yet produced in volume, and there are some R & D layouts for all head enterprises, with 400mw test lines and 1gw mid-test lines now available in Wei Wei, 5gw helimatic knots in the Eastern Sunrise 2022, battery projects, and a test line in the Crystal Technologies Annual Bulletin.
The Hpbc battery line is expected to be in production in the third quarter of this year, and the Abc battery project with Aishu ' s 6.5gw shares is also expected to be in production in the third quarter of this year.
The photovoltaic industry has developed several industry standards based on the edge size of square silicone, and the prevailing market sizes include 156.75 mm, 157mm, 158.75mm, 166mm, 182mm, 210mm, etc., of which 182mm and 210mm are referred to as large silicon tablets.
Only 4.5%, up to 45% in 2021. The new production of silicon is now large-scale, with 182 mm-sized representative companies with long-range green energy, crystal-aggression technology, and crystal-based energy, and 210 mm-sized larger-scale representative enterprises with a solar rise in the sky and the east. The large-scale silicon is expected to be connected in 2022.
Large silicon silicon sizes can reduce the nonsilicon cost of the battery and component chain by amortizing effects.
This is 0.18/0.69, m10-sized components (comparable to 182 mm silicon) at 0.17/0.64, combined with an economic advantage of 0.05 dollars less than the cost of m10-m6 monowatts of silicon.
The light intensity is an important determinant of the output power of the components, and the traditional fixed supports are usually selected for installation with an optimal inclination, which allows components to absorb the sun relatively maximum throughout the year. The tracking support is an intellectual and automated upgrade of the traditional support material, which is coordinated with the control system and the drive system, in real time.
Figure 23: Tracking support systems map about 42 per cent of the global tracking support frame penetration (based on ground power stations) in 2021, with the United States having the highest, exceeding the cost of electricity generation by capturing more sunlight.
80%. The domestic tracking supports began to be used on a scale beginning in 2016, with a 20% penetration rate in 2018 and a later fluctuation in 2021, with the domestic photovoltaic power stations now having significantly lower penetration rates than Europe and the United States, mainly due to the subsidy-era owners ' greater emphasis on initial investment costs.
RMB/w, fixed shelf 0.26/w. On the other hand, in some parts of the country, photovoltaic power stations are connected by a guaranteed minimum number of hours of purchase, and the marginal benefits of these stations are low. As the country moves into full parity and the green trading market continues to improve, it is expected that the penetration rate of the tracking grid will increase steadily in the future.
The company's main business is centred on photovoltaic products, which cover diverse plates such as photovoltaic systems and smart energy. Photovoltaic products include the development, production and marketing of photovoltaic cells and components; photovoltaic systems include distributed product industries and ground power station operations, smart energy sources include photovoltaic and wiring services, development of smart micronet systems.
Marketing and energy cloud platform operations. The highest share of business income is for photovoltaic components, and for Māori, in 2021, in the face of a sharp rise in raw material prices, the company ' s Māori rate for photovoltaic components was 12.43 per cent, a drop of 2.5 ptt, the lowest in recent years, and 17.1 per cent for photovoltaic system products.
53.1%, a decrease of 7.7pc from the same year, is mainly due to changes in business structures, with corporate smart energy, including power generation, increasing the revenue share of the annual smart micro-net plate, lowering the Māori rate of the smart energy plate. In terms of the regional structure of revenue, China, Europe and the United States account for the first three revenues from the Skylight Energy.
Country/area. In 2021, mainland China increased its income by 34 per cent, up by 5 pct; the United States by 12 per cent, down by 9 pccc; Europe by 21 per cent, up by 1 pcc; Japan by 4 per cent; and other regions, such as India, Australia, etc. The overall share rose from 25 per cent to 28 per cent.
In 2021, the amount and share of the company's income in the United States declined significantly, mainly for two reasons: the changing international trade situation. The United States Customs and Border Protection Department issued a moratorium (wro) in June 2021, which banned silicon products produced by the silicon industry, Inc. or its subsidiaries, and the derivatives or derivatives of those products.
Materials and goods produced (including polycrystal silicon) are imported into the United States. The introduction of the U.S. Wro Act is mainly aimed at silicon production in our Xinjiang region, which is an important producer of photovoltaic silicon in our country and globally, and therefore has a wide-ranging impact on the export of PV modules to the United States by domestic component dealers.
Over the years, the top component traders have expanded their capacity in South-East Asia, producing battery assembly products mainly for export to the United States, leading to increased competition in the United States market. Figure 28: Regional structure of company revenue in 2021 (billions of dollars)
Photovoltaic component: Old integrated component, 210-sized lead company, ranking for many years, photovoltaic component is the company's core product, as an old head component, and the company's product is in the global market.
In 2021, the first five markets accounted for the city of Lungi/Tianchi/Chrystalau/Chrystal, where the company expanded to the upper battery chain, forming a chain of batteries and components integration.
By the end of 2021, the company had a component capacity of 50 gw and a battery production capacity of 35 gw, of which 210 large-scale products were used in other company operations (e.g., self-held power station operations, and a small annual decline in the epc industry) for more than 96 per cent of all other years (including internal transactions).
The large sized silicon battery plate is one of the paths of continuous drops in the photovoltaic industry and the strength of large-sized, high-power components is reflected in three main ways: one is the flux value, which is in the production of silicon and battery.
Large-scale products bring about an increase in production capacity, thereby reducing the cost of unit output such as manpower, depreciation, triple costs, etc.; and second, the sorghum effect, which means that in components production using large-sized silicon components, the amount of additional materials such as border, bouncing, backboards,eva, welding currents, etc., as well as the use of pallets and packages in transport, has increased by less than a factor.
Increase in the size of the components, resulting in savings in the cost of their encapsulation and transportation; third, cost savings associated with block numbers.
Add, the cost of production of the singlew component and the cost of building the power plant will decrease significantly.The table below shows a large-scale downscaling table extracted from the company’s May 2021 edition of the Specialized Trina Energy 210.The results of the solar energy measurements show that 210-sized products are comparable to 166-sized products in the total cost of the value chain.
To achieve a cost reduction of $0.19/w. Assuming an initial investment of $$4/w in a photovoltaic power station, the entire industry chain cost could be reduced by up to 4.75%.In 2020, the company pioneered the launch of a high-power-high-assembly component product based on 210-sized silicone tablets in the industry, leading it.
The number of members of the union has increased from 39 initially to 97, including silicon, batteries, components, tracking supports, inverters, materials and equipment manufacturers, etc.
The company's own 210 product lines are also being enriched to provide full-scale coverage. On April 15, the company released two new items - the Great Little Gold Kong 430w and the Top 550w - using rectangular silicons (g12r or 210r).
In addition, the new generation of 210 product technologies applies not only to the company ' s existing component production lines, but also to a wide range of compatibility with its other N-efficient battery and various new high-efficiency photovoltaic components.
With regard to cell technology, the research and development team for high-efficiency batteries in cosmopolitan light continues to be a leader in the industrial efficiency and excellence of the n-i-topcon battery production, with laboratory-manufacturing batteries achieving a maximum efficiency of 25.42%.
On 8th of July, the company held a “House 8gwtopcon battery start-up meeting” in Jiangsu. It was determined that the residential topcon project would be completed in the second half of the year.
Preparations for the ICL have laid the foundation for technical research on hjt over the next three to five years. The company’s global market for global components, with a strong brand reputation, has been in the forefront of the industry for many years.
(bnef) The publicly available financing score is 100% for Trina 2020 and 2021. In addition, company product quality management has been industry-led for eight years and has been endorsed by the United States independent photovolt testing laboratory (pvel) for best performance components.
The company has long-term purchase agreements with silicon companies such as the Central Circle, on-board numbers, and on-the-ground energy savings, which guarantee the supply of raw materials and their own livelihood.
Other plates: diversified business layout, integrated competitiveness, photovoltage tracking stubbles, 2018, the company acquired the stubby stubble stubs in Spain, nclaverenewables.l.
Fifty-one% of the equity, formal entry tracker, and acquisition of the company’s remaining 49% in 2020. Nclave’s parent company, founded in 1961, was the world’s first photo-voltage stand R & D and manufacturing firm with a strong build-up of brands and technologies.
In 2020, the Division tracked the staircase operations around 4% of the global market, ranking it eighth in the world, and second only among domestic firms, after Sino-Bob. Chinese firms currently have a low market share, which is associated with low penetration rates in the Chinese market, and in the future, as China ' s market penetration increases, the total market share of domestic strategists will be higher.
The company achieved 1.7gw in 2021, down slightly from 1.9gw in 2020. Profitability is largely influenced by higher prices for upstream raw materials, such as steel, and light in 2021, against the backdrop of a sharp rise in silicon.
Volkswagen companies’ ability to conduct price transfer to downstream operators has been weakened. The company's 20201 light-volt stand delivers 800mw, close to half of last year's total volume, but its profitability is still under pressure.
Figure 37: Smart tracking algorithm gains * Distributed photovoltaic systems * Distributed photovoltaic systems usually refer to smaller installed units with decentralized resources, such as building roofs.
A distributed photovoltaic system typically includes photovoltaic components, racks, inverters, grid-connected boxes, cable, etc. Equipment and accessories. The distribution of photovoltaics in the country is gaining momentum as the economy of photovoltaic power rises and the whole district pushes into the roof-distributed photovoltaic pilot policy.
From 2017, the company began a forward-looking distribution of systems, with two products: “Friends of Heaven” and “Blue Sky of Sky” for domestic use and two different distributed photovoltaic markets for business. With the visibility and recognition of Sky brands in the photovoltaic industry, the company accumulated in the distributed systems of the country over the years.
Strong channel resources and brand advantages. The company continues to operate in the field of distributed photovoltaic systems, with public-width photovoltaic systems reaching more than 2gw in 2021, accounting for about 6.8% of the additional photovoltaic loaders distributed throughout the country.
In addition to generating a certain annual income from electricity generation, the station will realize its benefits by selling the plant’s assets on an ad hoc basis, depending on the market. Thus, the company’s ownership of the station’s size has evolved over the years.
In 2014, the company set up Jiangsu Tianjin Energy Co. Ltd., and began to build reserves in storage technology, storage applications, and storage talent. After our "double carbon" target was proposed, the storage could enhance the layout of the storage core, establishing a strategic positioning of the "Cycle Cy" which has now been completed at 150ah.
In 2021, the company first entered the "Top 10 list for new load loads in China's storage systems" in the tenth place. In terms of capacity, the company's joint venture of 10 gwh cores and 2gwh module production lines, and its own system integration of 2 gwh capacity, are gradually reaching production in 2022.
In terms of profitability, the company’s storage operations are currently in an investment period, not crossing the profit/loss balance point, and will be in the future of the company’s layout. Figure 42: ranking of the size of the new domestic storage system (mwh) in 2021
In a lateral comparison, companies still maintain a high level of single-watt profitability in the absence of home-grown silicon, at 6.2/w in 2021. The indicators show a steady downward trend in recent years, reflecting a gradual improvement in the efficiency of the company’s operations.
On the other hand, in 2021, net cash flows from companies declined by 63.37 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the expansion in the size of the company ' s operations, the increase in inventory and the increase in the price of raw materials, and the increase in cash outflows from operating activities. Financial cash inflows and investments showed a significant increase in cash outflows, which showed that companies were expanding their capacity to deliver through financing such as debt swaps.
Looking at the turnover indicators horizontally, in recent years the turnover rate of the company's inventory and accounts receivable has been consistently lower than that of the enterprise, while the turnover of accounts payable has been higher than average and the turnover of fixed assets has been significantly higher than that of other comparable companies. Overall, the turnover rate of the company has been slightly lower than the average of comparable companies.
In terms of debt-servicing indicators, interest coverage has increased considerably and debt/ebitda has risen slightly.
At the same time, each year companies increase their R & D inputs, their R & D costs, and their deposits confirm a decrease in the corresponding interest income, exchange losses on a year-on-year basis. The sales, management and R & D rates of the company were higher in 2021 compared to other integrated components.
Cost of services is significantly lower than for comparable companies. Figure 57: Cost of R & D for some integrated components (%): Financial cost of some integrated components (%)
At the industry level, we expect a global installation of 342gw in 2024, corresponding to a component demand of over 400gw.
At the divisional level, Trina, as the leading component of the industry, has accumulated stronger branding advantages and channel layouts in a number of countries around the world, especially in mature markets where competition is more competitive and values are valued, with a better competitive advantage. At the same time, companies are 210-sized leading companies, and are constantly developing new and improved products.
The shelf, in the context of a rapid shift in demand across the industry, provides a stronger guarantee for the growth of the output than for the larger size of the company. We estimate the future capacity of the company, the volume of the goods delivered, and the market share as follows:
At the industry level, with the gradual release of silicon production, the price of silicon will enter the lower route in 2022, the cost of silicon rings will fall down, and the profitability of the integrated component traders will be repaired. The price of the components will generally fall by a certain amount of time compared to the price of silicon, and the price will become more risky during this period.
At the company level, the large-scale chemical energy ratio of the cosmopolitan energy was higher, with over 70% of the 210 by the end of 2021, ahead of the industry, and the large-scale non-silicon cost amortization effect across the chain was significant, while downstream.
Demand is strong and more profitable. In addition, the company’s dynamic N-type technology, which will be launched in the second half of 2022, is the 8gw-sized n-topcon battery production capacity, which is relatively early in the head business, allowing it to enjoy the dividends of the N-type battery technology at an earlier stage.
Other business: related diversified business layout, fostering new profit growth points Tracking support: the trend towards higher penetration, a return in profitability Tracking the increase in efficiency of photovoltaic power generation in the support pads, and a gradual increase in global penetration, especially in the country
Within, as new energy generation becomes more market-based, tracking the price of the staircase is expected to become more visible. Tracking supports downstream as power station owners has good synergies with the company ' s component owners, benefiting to some extent from the company ' s brand power.
It's 800mw, and it's expected to double over the year. And last year, thanks to price increases in bulk commodities, the distributed photovoltaic system, the internal distributed photovoltaics, entered a new phase of development, and, on the one hand, entered the era of full-scale price parity and moved away from matching.
Dependencies: On the other hand, the introduction of county-wide policies significantly changed the business model of the country’s distribution pattern, activating distributed markets. Companies are part of an earlier distribution system, with more accumulated and more competitive advantages in market channels and product perceptions.
Approximately 2.1gw, more than 800mw in the first quarter of 2022, growth is significant. Looking ahead, the company’s photovoltaic system operations are expected to grow at a high rate as the internal distribution rises.
With the growth of the photovoltaic industry and the increase in the penetration of the staircases, the company is expected to follow the stubble operations as rapidly as possible. The company tracks the stubs at 1.8gw and 2022q1 shipments at 800mw throughout the year in 2021.
Good brand and channel advantages. The company's business is expected to grow at a high rate as domestic distributional photovoltaic policies advance and markets rise rapidly. We expect company distribution systems sales for 2022-2024. The company's smart energy business accounts for a relatively high share of power station operations and storage operations.
In order to develop our business, we assume that the company will be able to roll the size of its own power station at a level of about 500 mw. In the case of storage, the company used to be at the technology accumulation and exploration stage and is expected to achieve a high rate of growth in its volume this year, but it is still in the investment period and is not very profitable for the company.
As the market competes more and more in 2024, the Māori rate has stabilized or even declined slightly. Under the above-mentioned main assumptions, the fcff valuation method is used to get a reasonable value range between companies.
An analysis of the sensitivity of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and perpetuity growth, is presented in table 15 as a sensitivity analysis of the evolution of these two factors in the firm ' s absolute valuation.
We have chosen the integrated photovoltaic component enterprises, Lungi Green Energy, Skynet Energy, and Crystal Australasia, as comparable companies, for a relative valuation. Because of the high proportion of Lungi green silicon business in the industrial chain configuration, and the near absence of silicon business from Skylight, we lower the weight of Lungi Green when we place weights on comparable companies.
We expect a company to become more competitive in 2022-2024, and the valuation is based on more assumptions, especially that the company will be free in the coming years.
The calculation of the gold stream, the calculation of the weighted capital cost (wacc), the assumption of the tv growth rate and the selection of parameters for the valuation of comparable companies all add to the judgement of many individuals: the high annual free cash flow calculation, leading to the risk of an optimistic valuation;
2. The weighted capital cost (wacc) has a greater impact on the company ' s valuation, and we assume that in calculating Wacc we have no risk-free interest rates of 3.6 per cent and a share risk premium of 5.2 per cent, and that there may still be a risk of low estimation or take-off of these parameters and a lower yield to the wacc calculation, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
3. We assume 2 per cent growth in company tv over the next 10 years, and a relatively strong market demand in the luminous industry in which the company is located, but there may be significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, such as dissipation of technology dividends and increased homogenous competition, leading to low or negative real growth in the company ' s continued growth, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation
4. In conducting the relative valuation, we have selected firms that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, given different weights to comparable firms based on differences in industry, selected comparable companies with a weighted average dynamicpe in 2023 as a somewhat different product structure and market structure of firms, resulting in risks of low comparability, etc.
1. Risks associated with the downside of the Māori rate as a result of raw material supply and price fluctuations, the failure of companies to expand their productive capacity to the expected risks, and the risks associated with the selection of new battery technology routes
The risk of less than expected penetration of the staircase, the risk of less developed distributed markets, a large proportion of corporate products being used for export, and tariff and trade policies of countries such as the United States selling corporate products.
The impact of sales and profits is high, and there may be risks that the deterioration of international trade will result in firms not selling as much as expected. Domestic distribution is still in the early stages of rapid development, with the introduction, implementation, and location of relevant pilot policies having a greater impact on distributed markets, and there may be risks that pilot policies will not advance as expected.
There is room for an overall increase in the share of firms that do not use their production capacity as expected, components, tracking the staircase market, and the risk of less as expected. There is a high degree of competition in the light-volatile segment, where the market is now concentrated on the head, and the former integrated component market, where there is room for an overall increase. Once market concentration has reached a certain level, there will be competition between the head enterprise.
The new crown epidemic, if repeated, could have negative effects on market demand and on the production and transport of corporate products The author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author