Increased sales of titanium powder, increased integration of the titanium industry investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of August 27, 2024.
The current operating income was 13.804 billion yuan, an increase of 4.09 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was 1.72 billion yuan, the sales of 2024h1 titanium materials increased, and the price of titanium powder fell short-term in the first half of 2024.
The price of titanium has fallen as domestic demand subsides and downstream digestion of stocks. Companies have been effective in increasing the use of titanium powder, sponge capacity, and sales of titanium powder and sponge production have increased significantly.
2024h1, the company produced 649.6 million tons of titanium powder, an increase of 9.70 per cent, of which tons were produced, a decrease of 3.07 per cent, and a total sales of 599.6 million tons of titanium powder, an increase of 3.70 per cent, of which 41.86 million tons of titanium sulphate, an increase of 6.23 per cent, and a sales sale of chlorinated titanium, an increase of 6.23 per cent.
1810,000 tons of powder, a decrease of 1.71 per cent from the same year. The production of 331,000 tons of sponge titanium, a year-on-year increase, was affected by the low season of domestic demand and anti-dumping, the price of titanium powder was at the bottom of the spectrum, and we predicted that the price of titanium powder would remain resilient as the traditional season and the industry went to the reservoir.
• Greater integration of the titanium powder industry chain, opening up the space for companies to sustain growth.
In addition, the company has signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework with Sichuan Resources Group.
The Sichuan Resource Group subsidiary, Sichuan Ministry, Sichuan Industry Investment and Development Co. 488 million tons, v20,5598.56 million tons, Co. 884 million tons.
1. Quarter performance has improved significantly, with supply channels for products such as titanium, enhancing supply chain resilience and flexibility.The vertically integrated titanium industry chain has significant cost advantages, accelerating the deployment of titanium concentrate and high-end sponges
The titanium project, which will provide the company with a second-growth space, is now in a good state of view in the titanium industry, (1) at a slower pace than expected in the construction of the project and (2) at a lower rate than expected in the approval of the project;
(3) The risk of significant price fluctuations for raw materials; The use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of the present report, the data and information used in the present report are based on publicly available information on the market, the accuracy or completeness of which I do not provide any assurance, nor any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.