The company achieved revenue of 13.791 billion yuan in the first half of 2024.
The company is dedicated to research and development of new materials such as titanium, titanium, lithium, etc. The core business of titanium powder is growing better, leading to higher corporate performance.
The same year, titanium powder production increased by 6.78 per cent to 9,385 million yuan, of which titanium powder sales increased by the same amount; the production and sale of products such as electric positive and negative-polar materials, and corporate products were sold to more than 100 countries and regions on six continents.
3.7 to 599 million tons; sponge titanium operations increased by 21.47 to 1,319 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, including 1.51 million tons of titanium powder production in the sea and 60.32 to 30.8 million tons of titanium sales on a year-on-year basis: iron, silicon products, new energy materials
Eighty thousand tons/year, with the highest scale in the world. The titanium industry has experienced a decline. At the profit end, the company's combined Māori ratio rose 2.42 percentage points from the same year to the base of Buche, Sichuan, Hubei, Yunnan, Gansu, etc.
27.53 per cent led to a net increase in corporate profits: in six municipalities in five provinces, initial formations ranged from titanium mineral extraction to titanium powder and titanium metal manufacture, resulting in a combination of derivative resources.
The titanium industry is rich in product structure, sustained deployment of upstream mineral resources, enhanced integration of the industrial chain, and the use of green industrial chains: the product is controlled by the company’s stock market. The company’s titanium powder and sponge capacity are among the highest in the world, with a capacity of 1.51 million titanium.
In terms of upstream raw materials, the company is actively building a joint two-mine development project to significantly increase the volume of the company-controlled polymagnetic mineral resources and to lay a solid foundation for the supply of future company raw materials. In addition, the company has a strategic cooperation framework agreement with the Sichuan Natural Resources Group in the Red Gnan mine.
We believe that cooperation in a number of areas, such as selection, industry, trade in titanium, equity, technology, etc., can help deepen the upstream resource layout of companies. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading companies in the titanium industry, titanium powder and sponge capacity.
Both are at the top of the global list, while companies continue to deploy their industrial chain upstream and downstream resources, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Long-Bong Group (002601.sz): core business growth is good, and industry chain resources are sustained.
Liu Woo-chul, the source of financial prosperity in the East, has his own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
The Group (00201.sz): Core business growth is good, and the continuous deployment of industry chain resources does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.