Double-digit growth in performance and a significant increase in cash flows — a report on the assessment of company events by the Group (00201.sz).
The net profit from the return was 1.72 billion yuan, or 36.4 per cent, of which 2024q2 was earned in the first half of the year and the company ' s flat price of titanium powder was the main growth in performance.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved sales revenue of $13.79 billion, representing an increase of 4.1 per cent in the same year, producing 6496,000 tons of titanium powder, representing an increase of 9.70 per cent in the same year, and sales of titanium powder, amounting to 5,996,000 tons, representing an increase of 3.70 per cent in the same year, of which 24,82 million tons were sold domestically.
The sales of titanium sulphate amounted to 1.71% less than the sales of tons of titanium sulphate. On the price side, domestic and international supply and demand were maintained in the first half of the year.
The average price of the powder was $16120 per ton, an increase of 1.59 per cent. The company ' s titanium ratio reached 33.51 per cent, an increase of 7.67 pct over the same period, and increased the price of titanium powder was the main reason for the significant growth in the performance of the Division.
The net operating cash flow of the company in the first half of the year, as a result of increased profits, reached 1,371 million yuan, an increase of 551 million yuan over the same period last year; and the capital expenditure of the company in the first half of the year.
The company has a significant cost advantage as an industry leader in integrating the global titanium industry chain, with a major titanium powder production of more than 1.5 million tons per year, the world's largest producer of sulphate titanium powder, and a sponge titanium production of 80,000 tons.
The company has a whole industry chain of titanium- titanium powder- titanium metal/ titanium derivatives, with significant integration advantages, and also benefits from the company’s size advantage through its own titanium, sulphuric acid, etc.
The total cost of titanium powder is much lower than the industry average. Companies value shareholder returns, with an average share of more than 70% over the past seven years, and future prices of titanium powder fluctuate significantly; projects are not as productive as expected; and raw materials prices are high.
Identified by the Chemical Group, Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemicals, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were studied by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.