Two-quarter net profit on a year-on-year basis, titanium self-sufficiency rate up again.
The net return to the mother is $770 million (+13% of the year, ring - 19% of the year). The increase in the net return to the mother, the increase in the volume of refined minerals and the increase in the self-sufficiency rate.
International sales accounted for 41-59%. The growth in revenue was accompanied by a 4% decline in the cost of titanium powder plates and an increase in the Māori rate. In the second quarter of 2024, the domestic market for titanium powder averaged RMB/tonne (+3%, ring ratio - 0.2%).
The price of titanium powder or the forecast for recovery under the subsequent silver X catalyzing. The average price of titanium concentrate in the second quarter of 2024 (46%, branch climbing) was approximately $2272 per ton.
The supply and demand of titanium is still tight, the demand rises with titanium powder production, while the supply side does not show a significant increase, and the price of titanium is higher. Sponge titanium production is higher than ever, and the Māori rate is lower than ever. In the first half of 2024, the company produced titanium.
The rapid growth in production in the industry has led to the operation of the Group (002601.sz) - Repurchase of shares to show confidence and investment in building new assets.
Pressure is high, and production concentration in the sponge titanium sector is expected to increase with, for example, the upgrading of environmental requirements. “Runpe Group (00201.sz)” increased quarterly net profits, titanium prices fell in the same proportion as iron concentrate sales.
Quarterly Profit Rings (00201.sz) - Continuously improved, titanium self-sustainability Rates
Investment proposals: The company’s titanium powder industry has a strong leader, and titanium concentrate self-sufficiency has gradually increased. But the growth in the production capacity of the titanium powder industry has led to increased competition in the market, and the EU anti-dumping event has generated a certain degree of negative market sentiment, with increased yields and higher self-sufficiency.
Figure 1: Single-quarter operating income of the Group (millions of dollars) Figure 2: Single-quarter net profit of the Group (billions) Figure 3: Quarterly Māori rate of the Group, net interest rate
Figure 4: Quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost of the Lone Song Group. Sales of company titanium powder in the first half of 2024 increased by the same proportion as of titanium powder in the first half of 2024. The production/distribution of titanium chloride in the first half of 2024 increased by 19.6.181 million tons (+3% - 2% of the same year), and sulphate titanium in the first half of 2024.
The price of titanium powder is expected to recover under the catalyst. The volume of titanium is rising on a year-on-year basis, and the price is stablely high.
The average price of titanium concentrate in the second quarter (46%, climbing flowers) is approximately $2272/tonne (+4%, ring +0.1%). The supply and demand of titanium remains tight, rising as titanium powder is produced, while the supply side does not increase significantly and titanium prices are high.
One hundred and twenty-one million yuan (+21 per cent, or 10 per cent), with a Māori rate of 10.5 per cent (+21 pct). Sponge titanium production/distribution amounts to 3.3.31 million tons (+29 per cent/+60 per cent, respectively). The company’s titanium production capacity is 80,000 tons/year, the world’s highest. On the price side, the market for sponge titanium averaged 52,593 yuan/tonne in the second quarter of 2024 (compared to 27 per cent).
The ring ratio + 1% is still low. The faster production rate in the industry has led to greater operational pressure, while, as environmental requirements have escalated, the sponge titanium sector has the potential to gradually clear and production concentration is expected to rise. Figure 5: Tartanite market prices and price differentials (in dollars/tons)
Figure 6: Price of Chinese titanium ore (tjk46, climbing flowers) ($/tonne) Figure 7: Market price of sponge titanium ($10,000/tonne) Figure 8: Settlement price of iron ore futures ($/tonne, active contract)
The market for new energy materials is highly competitive. The company has a capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year for lithium phosphate, 100,000 tonnes/year for iron phosphate, 25,000 tonnes/year for graphite, 50,000 tonnes/year for graphite and 50,000 tonnes/year for graphite.
The increase in industrial capacity has led to increased competition in the market and the EU anti-dumping incidents have had a certain negative impact on market sentiment, and the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective and impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied them in the past, now or in the future.