China Oil (601857.sh) shale oil is expected to soon arrive in production.
In recent days, our first shale oil hydraulic cracking test site was officially built in the Changqing City oil field to improve single-well production and the next shale oil efficiency.
At the end of the year, the total global shale oil geological resources stood at 93,6.8 billion tons, with 61.8 billion tons of technology available, with the top three rankings being the United States, Russia, and China. The most successful shale oil development in the United States has been since 2000, with exploration applications such as horizontal wells and segment crushing in shale oil exploration, the cost of shale oil development in the United States has been decreasing, leading to commercial development of several shale oil projects in the United States.
Rapid oil developments have led to the “energy independence” of the United States, the world’s largest oil and gas importer, and have profoundly changed the world’s oil and gas supply pattern. According to eia, in 2040, US shale oil production will reach 1.54 million cubic metres, or 67.3 per cent of total US oil production. 2) The country’s shale oil storage conditions are complex and are currently in a productive phase, with great prospects for the future. China’s shale oil resources are mainly located on land surfaces.
China's rich shales are “deep, mixed, and triple” compared to the North American region. These characteristics determine the resource characteristics of China's shale oil and gas, which differ significantly from the resource characteristics of the vastly developed sea-level shale oil and gas in the United States. The shale oil geological resources of our five major basins, namely, the Ordos Basin, the Sonyo Basin, the Bay Bay Basin, the Biar Gal Basin and the Sichuan Basin, amounting to more than 2 billion tons of shale oil.
China’s shale oil development started late and is at the stage of master planning and technological breakthroughs. There is still a gap between the implementation of major engineering changes and the development of full scale benefits, but China has the basic conditions for success of the shale oil revolution in terms of its resource base, engineering capabilities and production expectations. In 2022, our shale oil production broke out by 3.4 million tons for the first time, double its output in 2018.
3. China’s oil industry has continued to promote technological and management innovation, and shale oil development has emerged. After many years of technological advances and practices, China’s oil has developed a methodology and technology for the evaluation of shale oil development that is suitable for the geological development of China’s land-based shale oil.
The multiplicity of market players has joined forces and competed equally in market mechanisms, which have facilitated the creation of a network of internal market contractors, and the establishment of a network of oil and gas production systems, which has contributed to increased storage and efficiency. Qing City oil fields are the largest shale oil fields in the country that are currently identified, and are expected to produce more than 3 million tons of shale oil in 2025. Qiqing oil fields are the country ' s first national class of land shale oil demonstration, and production of shale oil is expected to reach 1.4 million in 2025.
The shale oil profile and the American shale oil revolution are oil that has been produced but remains in the organic shale micro-meta, nano-scale storage space.
The shale oils defined by the oil and gas industry abroad are broadly defined, referring to the shales, sandstones, carbonate rock, etc., which contain the shale layers of the shale system, in general terms, closer to the domestic notion of shale oil. The shale oils and the shale oils used in studies and reports by eia and usgs are also widely substituted. In a strict sense, the shale oils actually explored by the United States include shale oils and some of the subcategories that are considered by the domestic industry.
China distinguishes between shale oils and shale oils. Shale oils, in short, have no natural capacity or are below the lower limit of industrial oil production. Special technological measures are needed to obtain industrial oil production, while shale oils are commercially available and widely distributed under certain economic conditions and technical measures. As of the end of 2017, the total global shale oil geological resources stood at 93,684 million tons.
Source: 61,85 billion tons, mainly in North America and the Eurasian continent. North American shale oil technology is available at 1.85 billion tons, or 30 per cent; second, in Eastern Europe, including Russia, technology is available at 11,75 billion tons, or 19 per cent; and in Asia and the Pacific, 11.13 billion tons, or 18 per cent, globally, with the top three countries ranked in the United States (21 per cent), Russia (14 per cent) and China (7 per cent).
The most successful shale oil development has been in the United States, followed by Canada, China, Russia, and others. Since 2000, the United States has achieved commercial development of several shale oil projects with the exploration of horizontal wells and fragmentation techniques for shale oil exploration. In 2020, United States shale oil production reached 350 million tons, accounting for more than 50% of its total oil production, with Saudi Arabia being the world’s leading producer of oil annually.
The rapid development of shale oil in the United States has led to energy independence in the United States. In nearly 50 years of development in the United States, shale oil and gas forces have sprung up, bringing “energy independence” to the United States, the world’s largest oil and gas importer.
Dokken, the eagleford shale belt, the permian basin is the main shale oil-producing area in the United States, with a total technology of 26.2 billion tons, or 80% of the total shale oil. The permian basin is the best-rich and most productive shale oil-rich belt in the United States, and the bakken and eagleford shale zone is second to third, while the wolfcamp,
The shale oil found in such basins as Sprabery and Fortworth is of low value for development, subject to such conditions as storage, geological environment, etc. The bakken basin was the first to successfully develop shale oil.
In the United States, shale oil development can be divided into three phases: discovery phase, transformational thinking and technological breakthrough phase and rapid development The discovery phase (pre-1999): discovery of the antelope field, establishment of the bakken and treeforks oil and gas production systems in 1953, discovery of better sediment belts in the nose-forming zone of billings in 1961 and recognition of the bakken group's upper shale
By the 1990s, more than 20 companies had been involved in the relevant exploration activities. But with the marked decline in oil prices in the 1990’s, and the instability and decline in production of the bakken group’s upper shale, the problem was that the production of the shale was unstable and the production of the bakken group’s upper shales had fallen.
Impact, the Bakken group returned to the status quo ante of secondary exploration and exploitation. The change of approach and technological breakthrough phase (2000-2008): the horizontal well drilling in the middle of the Bakken group began in 2000 and the elmcoulee field was discovered, with sand or hydraulic cracks in each level well, with an estimated final recoverable capacity of over 31.8 million cubic metres for the entire field as at the end of the year.
By the end of 2011, more than 4,000 wells had been drilled. With the successful application of horizontal wells and hydraulic crushing techniques, shale oil production has been able to develop rapidly (2009-present): companies have turned to shale, oil, and the bakken shale zone has increased rapidly. The shale oil exploration is marked by the application of horizontal well break-up techniques.
Work has further expanded to other shale areas, and shale oil in the United States has officially entered a fast-growing phase. Eagleford, the Biscuit Basin have become a new shale oil exploration hotspot, with the annual number of new shale oil drilling wells and single well production rising steadily, and shale oil production has increased rapidly. According to eia statistics, United States shale oil production in 2011 was the first to break 50 million tons, in 2012 it reached 100 million tons, in 2014 it reached 200 million tons, and in 2018 it was beautiful.
National shale oil production reached 320 million tons, or 58.7 per cent of total United States oil production. According to eia, in 2040, United States shale oil production was projected to reach 1.544 million cubic metres, or 67.3 per cent of total United States oil production. Figure 3: United States crude oil production versus shale oil production
U.S. shale oil development has led to a breakthrough in production through the replication of shale gas development technology, two of the key technologies being horizontal well drilling and hydraulic cracking. Shale oil is an important component of the dense oil industry in US statistics, with only about 15% of the shale oil in the U.S. passed by feet in 2004 and increased to 10,000 feet in 2022. Following the sharp fall in global oil prices in 2015-2016, the U.S. oil and gas company optimized the horizontal well cracking technology.
Continued technological progress has contributed to the declining cost of shale oil development in the United States. US shale oil development technologies include selection and sweet spot evaluation, super-extended wells, “a drill” wells, stereo wells (multi-segregated), fine cutting, and repeated hydraulic cracks.
The development of shale oil takes the form of a “plant-type” high-level well, which currently produces more than 100,000 shale oils in the United States, the size of which reduces the cost of production and, as a result of technological improvements such as first-head drilling, has to replace multiple drills from the past to the completion of the drill without the replacement of the first “drill” which can be drilled at a maximum level of up to 6,000 metres in a single operation.
In about 10 days in 2018, efficiency increased by three to four times; completion of the well was designed from the initial segment of the naked well to 30 to 65 segments of the current level of the well pressure; and the time of the break-up was developed from the original 3 to 4 weeks to less than two weeks, taking into account the increase in the break-up period, and the efficiency of the single segment was increased by five to six times. The overall completion cycle was reduced from the original 7 to 8 weeks, in the context of increasing difficulty and complexity of the well.
Figure 7: Shale oil operating costs across the United States in the first quarter of 2024, China's shale oil resource shale oil is an important resource area for the future of our crude oil production. China is a “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-deficit” country that has achieved “double carbon”
The basic path of the target is to reduce coal, stabilize oil, increase gas, and develop renewable energy. Until renewable energy is sufficiently large to create an effective replacement, the hard stability of the country’s annual production of 200 million tons of crude oil is a necessary condition for China’s deep-seated energy revolution and the construction of a new energy system.
In 2017, eia released China's shale oil technology, with 4.39 billion tons, the third largest in the world. In recent years, shale oil production has grown rapidly, as exploration and development technologies have advanced, and Chinese oil companies have grown rapidly.
The industry’s 14th Five-Year Plan, which focuses on shale oil, is expected to produce 6.5 million tons of shale oil annually in China in 2025. The next 5-10 years will be a critical period for shale oil development, which will be important to ease our oil and gas supply and maintain our crude oil production of 200 million tons.
The total shale oil geological resources of the large basin are 31.9 billion tons, and the total amount of technologically available resources is 2.28 billion tons. The Ordos basin, the Pine States basin, the Bay Basin, the Biargar basin and the five major Sichuan basins contain more than 2 billion tons of shale oil geological resources, representing over 95 per cent of the total shale oil geological resources.
At present, the country is mainly developing medium- and high-mature shale oils, with a large volume of medium- and low-shale oil resources and promising prospects. By the high and low levels of organic-mature heat, our land-based shale oils are divided into two categories: medium- and low-mature shale oils. According to a preliminary assessment by the Ministry of Natural Resources in 2019, medium- and high-mature shale shales have between 14.5 billion and 215 billion tons of geologic resources and medium- and low-mature shale oils have between 20 billion and 25 billion tons of medium- and high-mature-mature technology.
The amount of low- and low-mature shale oil resources is huge, and requires sub-surface heating to reduce multiple organic matter, producing light oil and natural gas. The development of low-mature shale oil is currently leading a pilot study that, once it has achieved a technological and economic breakthrough, is expected to play an important supporting role in the construction of our oil and gas reserves.
China's shale resources are mainly in the surface layer, and China's rich shales are “one deep, two mixed, three more” compared to the North American region. “one deep” refers to the depth of the buried organic shale (about 65% of the shales buried in 3,500 metres); “two mixed” is rich.
The formation of organic shales has a complex history and complex surface conditions; the “triple” refers to the diversity of types of organic shales, shale formation and partitioning, and a wide range of control factors in the age of shale oil and gas enrichment and integration. These characteristics determine that the resource characteristics of China’s shale oil and gas are significantly different from those of the vastly developing sea-coated shale oil and gas in the United States.
China’s shale oil resources are mainly located in the white shale system, the top trifluoride and the ancient perigee. The main shale oils in China are new, ancient, white, dwarfic, and dotted. The shale oil resources in China’s priority basins are mainly concentrated in the white silt system, the upper trifluoride, and the ancient perigee. The shale oil resources in China’s priority basins are mainly concentrated in the shallow layers (deeply < 2,000 metres) and in the subsurface.
The amount of geological resources and technology available for shale oil in the middle depths (dwelling at 2000-3500 metres) is 6.18 billion tons and 330 million tons, respectively, and the amount of geological resources and technology available for shale oil in the middle depths is 10.77 billion tons and 850 million tons, respectively.
1) Exploration and exploration phase (1970-1998): successive breakthroughs were made in the mudslide cracks of the Bay Basin, the Ganghan Basin, and the Pine States Basin, while industrial oil flows were obtained in the Ordos Basin, but no substantial exploration breakthroughs were made owing to the techniques of drilling wells and crushing processes. 2) Rapid breakthrough phase (2009-2018): breakthroughs were made in the Ordos Basin, the Bigal Basin, and the Bay Basin with horizontal drilling,
Gradual application of fragmentation techniques and increased production of single wells have led to rapid breakthroughs in the exploration of laminates and amplified shale oils. (3) Phase of multi-shale oil exploration, phase-in benefits production (from 2018 to the present): a historic breakthrough in the pine States basin ' cologne dentage, opening the shale oil exploration curtains.
The development of shale oil exploration has entered a new phase in the Eldos basin east-east shale oil demonstration area, the Kilimsar silhound group in the Galles basin, the national surface shale oil demonstration area in Daeqing Gulong, the national shale oil demonstration area in the Bay basin, and the national shale oil exploration and development area in the silhouette silhouette group. The production of shale oil in 2022 was the first to break 3.4 million tons, a two-fold increase from its production in 2018. The initial scale of the shale oil in Changqing City was realized in 2022.
Development, which has grown to 2 million tons of production, is illustrated in figure 12: China's shale oil exploration history, compared to the history of shale oil development in the United States, and the development of shale oil in China is generally going through three stages:
(a) Phase I: marginal development of resources, focusing on oil storage evaluation, technology clearance packages, development of pilot tests and small-scale development, with higher investment costs (higher than conventional oil) and a clear negative pull effect;
(b) Phase III: further increase in the collection rate phase, unlike the short-cycle, high-depletion mining model of the United States shale oil capital market, China shale oil development is aimed at maximizing resources to yield, with a 20-30 per cent recovery rate at the core.
China’s shale oils are currently in the process of marginal resource development, but China has the conditions for success of the shale oil revolution. China’s shale oil development has begun late, and is at the stage of master planning and technological breakthroughs.
The increase in single-welleur, and the increase in the United States two-fold basin single-welleur from 20,000 tons initially to more than 80,000 tons now has contributed significantly to the reduction in the full cost of barrel oil, from $101.5 in 2014 to $36.6 in 2022. For our shale oil revolution to succeed, we must have a conceptual breakthrough and management innovation that adheres to a life-cycle management model, integration, professionalization, market-based operations, socialization support,
The “one-size-fits-all” development management concept for digital management and green development. China’s oil shale oils, China’s oil and gas companies, China’s oil and gas company, China’s oil and shale oils, have about 20.1 billion tons of geologic resources, mostly in Ordos, Songsai, and Jinhai.
The Bay, Bigal 4 basins (total geological resources 17.2 billion tons), with annual production increasing from 25,000 tons in 2010 to 3,916,000 tons in 2023, offer good prospects for development.
After many years of technological convergence and practice, China Oil has initially developed shale oil development evaluation methods and techniques suitable for the geological development features of China's land-based shale oil. These include, inter alia, rock-phase evaluation, reservoir gauges, kinetic evaluation, pressure evaluation, performance evaluation and geomodelling-value simulation techniques for the integration of “sweet spots” analysis techniques.
Shale oil geophysical “dessert” identification and prediction techniques: application of techniques such as 3D seismic high accuracy, well-controlled seismic phase, high-resolution inversion, fine-cut microconstructs and shale distributions, resulting in multi-information-integrated dessert prediction techniques such as 3D seismic rock properties, oily properties, brittle variability, water, wells with an increase of 10.5 per cent in boreholes and 86 per cent in single-well yields; construction of parameters such as integrated shale reservoir thickness, materiality, visual resistance increase rates, etc.
A model of the WCF was developed to measure the production capacity of the wells, with a compliance rate of 81.7 per cent for the 82 test wells in the Qing City oil fields, effectively supporting Qing City's high-level well-drilling techniques and the large platform silhouette development technology model: integrated whole life-cycle management of geoengineering has become an important concept for the development of shale oil. The horizontal wells and large-scale backlogs have become important tools for the development of medium- and high-seabed shale oils.
(a) The low abundance of shale oil resources and poor reservoir material characteristics, which have been continuously distributed over a continuous area, and the innovative use of three-dimensional seismic properties, fine carved and rotated geological wells of up to 5060 metres in the well level to refresh the record of the longest-lying wells on land in Asia; and the technological model for the development of horizontal wells, large platforms and silt stereos in response to China ' s complex topography and subsurface tectonic characteristics, as well as the large and thickness of the surface shale oil formation;
The construction of 3 million tons of shale oil production in Qing City is strongly supported by an average drilling cycle of 18 metres in square kilometres. The cutting body backlog process differs from the “one set” pressure-breaking model: the Middle Oil Longing Oil Field, targeting seven silt strips of the Ordos basin, has been developed for the distribution and low-pressure features of the rock reservoir cracks, and has developed a “multi-punnel suture + soluble-space hard-enclosed + temporary shift to soft fraction” core.
The process of decomposition of the heart, with the creation of a backlog of “sewing, refilling, seepage” integrations, increased from an average of 9.6 tons/day to 18.6 tons/day for single wells and 26,000 tons/day for single welleur from the previous period; and the development of a “one-size-fits-all” construction model for shale oil reservoirs for poor materiality, non-equilibrium characteristics, through a detailed evaluation of the reservoir's rock mechanics parameters and pressureability indices.
The innovation resulted in the selection of shale oil “desserts” with a “level well plus body backlog” at its core, and a 3D-level well-drilling platform, which was reduced by more than 6% in the area of the platform compared to conventional wells and achieved the largest underground reserves with minimal use.
More than 30 acres, but over 40,000 acres were actually mined underground, creating an invisible “oil-mining carrier.” China's oil industry model was innovative, and China's oil industry adhered to the concept of “full life-cycle management” and explored a “one-size-fits-all” shale oil exploration and development model that advanced the “five productions,”
Five downscaling systems project to create a market mechanism where multiple market players participate and compete on an equal footing, promote inter-house market contractors to work together, set up a network of oil and gas producers, and promote greater storage and efficiency in scale. In line with the Convention tradition + project management + market-based model, Daeqing Dragon established the front-line command of the Shale Oil Exploration and Development Council to construct a “six-fold” system of management, building up a system of full-life management with “precision dessert predictions”
In conjunction with the geotechnical integration system, which focuses on the selection of target layers, the design of the 3D well development network and the optimization of the discharge system, the optimal drilling of horizontal wells, and the transformation of the suture volume by 2.0, a “million-ton 100” efficiency model has been developed.