China Oil (601857.sh) has been actively implementing the “Go Out” strategy.
Petroleum petrochemical refining and trade Investment rating: better than the big city (maintained) In the first half of 2024, 34 projects, including China ' s oil and gas abroad, Rumaila, Hafaya and the Amu Darya River, exceeded their planned tasks, with a focus on production.
Capable and focused engineering progresses steadily, with the production of oil under the Abu Dhabi land and sea oil complex II project and the successful Hafaya gas treatment plant project 1) The company actively pursues the “outward” strategy and is fully engaged in the high-quality development of offshore hydrocarbon operations: the China Petroleum and Gas Group company launched the “outward” strategy in 1993 for internationalization, with major hydrocarbon projects in the hands of major markets and priority countries.
In December 2005, China Oil and Gas Co. Ltd. acquired 50% of China's oil exploration interests under China's Petroleum Group with approximately $20.74 billion, and has substantial control over Chinese oil exploration and exploration, thus possessing many of China's hydrocarbon assets in several countries. China's oil and gas industry abroad has been actively promoted in recent years.
In order to achieve high-quality development, a complete chain of oil and gas operations, with exploration and exploitation at its core, the internationalization of five major oil and gas cooperation zones, four strategic corridors, three major international operations centres, five major engineering services and financial support operations have been further refined and the “Fifty-Fifty-Five” model of international oil cooperation has been enhanced, the upper-middle- and lower-stream industrial chains have been coordinated, and we have proposed a new model of “oil plus” cooperation. International oil cooperation is mainly based on resource countries and international stones.
Oil companies cooperate in various aspects of oil exploration, development and trade, and conventional cooperation models include, inter alia, product-sharing cooperation models, service-type co-operation models, mining-tax contracts, etc. In this context, the company and Iraq are mainly based on service-based cooperation models, Kazakhstan, the United Arab Emirates, countries such as the United Arab Emirates, and countries such as Brazil, Mozambique, Indonesia, Oman, Niger, etc.
In addition, we have proposed a new model of cooperation, “oil plus”, which promotes cooperation with resource countries, in addition to cooperation in the oil field, in the fields of nuclear energy and electricity, and further promotes deeper cooperation in the oil sector, which we have adopted in cooperation with countries such as the Arab States.
3) The company (group) has now established five offshore oil and gas cooperation zones in Central Asia - Russia, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas and Asia and the Pacific - and has actively promoted autonomous exploration projects, plus high-quality project acquisition and continued optimization of the asset structure, business structure and regional layout.
10,3823,000 tons, exceeding 100 million tons for the fifth year in a row since 2019; 195.7 million barrels of offshore oil and gas equivalent achieved by China Petroleum Co. Ltd., representing an increase of 13.2 per cent over the previous year ' s equivalent of 172.8 million barrels, or 11.1 per cent of the total oil and gas equivalent produced by China Petroleum Co. Ltd., of which 163.4 million barrels of crude oil were produced, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the same period of 138.8 million barrels in the previous year; and 19,341 billion cubic metres of soldable natural gas.
The development and status of the China Oil and Gas Group (CIPG) project has continued to be “winner-win” and “co-operative” since its internationalization in 1993 under the “out-of-the-road” strategy.
As an important force for our energy industry, China’s oil industry is seriously implementing Xi Jinping’s series of important guidelines.
China’s oil industry has been working hard in recent years to promote high-quality oil and gas operations abroad, forming a complete chain of oil and gas operations with exploration and development at its core, continuously increasing the level of oil and gas development, building on the construction and operation of priority projects.
The “five, four, three, five” pattern of internationalization of five oil and gas cooperation zones, four strategic corridors, three international operations centres, five engineering services and financial support operations has been further refined, and the development of the industrial chain between the upper and lower middle and the lower middle is even more prominent. In December 2005, China Petroleum and Gas Company Ltd. acquired 50% of China’s oil exploration interests from China’s oil companies at around 20.740 billion yuan.
With substantial control over the exploration of China oil, it possesses a number of hydrocarbon assets in several countries where China oil exploration is spread. Since China Oil Holdings, at the time of its listing in the United States, was prevented by the United States from financing or investing, directly or indirectly, in oil and gas projects in a particular country, China Oil Holdings did not acquire assets or interests in certain countries of China’s oil consortium. China Oil International Exploration and Development Corporation, China Oil International (China Oil International) Ltd.
As a fully-owned professional subsidiary authorized by the China Petroleum and Gas Group Ltd. to manage offshore hydrocarbon investment and operations, with an additional 50% shareholding in oil exploration, the company (the consortium) has now established five offshore oil and gas cooperation zones in Central Asia, Russia, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas and Asia and the Pacific, and is actively promoting them.
Promotion of autonomous exploration projects, increased access to quality projects, and continued optimization of asset structures, business structures and regional layouts. In 2023, the production of oil and gas equity by the Middle Petroleum Group was 103.82 million tons, the fifth consecutive year since 2019, exceeding 100 million tons. In 2023, the company ' s offshore oil and gas operations achieved 163.4 million barrels of crude oil production, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the same period of 138.8 million barrels the previous year; natural gas production could be sold.
19.34 billion cubic feet, a decrease of 5.1 per cent over the 20.37 billion cubic feet recorded in the same period in the previous year; the volume of oil and gas equivalents was 19,557 million barrels (approximately 26,485,000 tons), an increase of 13.2 per cent over the previous year's 172.8 million barrels in the same period, accounting for 11.1 per cent of the total oil and gas equivalent produced by China Oil Stock Company.
The main modalities of international oil cooperation are mainly cooperation between resource countries and international oil companies in the areas of oil exploration, development and trade, including product-sharing cooperation models, service-based cooperation models, mining tax contracts and other new models of cooperation such as “oil plus”
(i) The production-sharing model. Production-sharing contracts are those in which the Government has ownership of hydrocarbon resources and the cooperating hydrocarbon enterprises undertake exploration, exploitation, etc.; in the event of commercial discovery, the Government of the State of the resource and the cooperating enterprises sign a production development agreement and then distribute the extracted hydrocarbon resources according to a certain distribution pattern;
In the case of direct-production-sharing contracts, the cooperating hydrocarbon enterprises and resources are divided directly into total production. In the case of indirect-production-sharing contracts, the total production is generally divided into two parts, part of which is “aggregated”.
This product, which is used to cover the production costs of the investment enterprise; the other, “profit products”, is the surplus after the deduction of “cost products”. Under the indirect production-sharing contract model, the cooperating hydrocarbon enterprises and resource governments divide the “profit products” in proportion to the costs, on the basis of the “profit products” set out in the contract. In addition, under the production-sharing contract model, the share of “profit products” is generally not required.
Additional taxes to be paid to resource countries, or very few taxes to be paid. (2) Service-type cooperation models. Service contracts are classified as purely service contracts and risk-based service combinations based on whether the enterprise has undertaken exploration, exploitation risks and benefits from risk.
Under the pure service contract model, the cooperating enterprise relies on its own technical advantages to provide exploration, exploitation, etc. services to the resource country government, but does not assume the risk of exploration and exploitation, regardless of whether there is a commercial discovery, the resource country government pays a fixed remuneration to the cooperating hydrocarbon company. The risk service contract means that the cooperating hydrocarbon enterprise bears all the costs associated with exploration and exploitation.
The Government pays part of the oil and gas resources developed as a reward to the cooperating hydrocarbon companies; however, if there is no commercial discovery, the cooperating hydrocarbon companies will bear all the exploration costs. (3) The mining tax cooperation model
A mining tax contract, also known as a modern concession contract, a concession contract. Under a mining tax contract model, the revenue of the resource government is derived mainly from various taxes and charges paid by cooperating companies, including mineral resources tax, value added tax, consumer tax, corporate income tax, etc., and oil companies enjoy the company’s residual profits. In such cases, cooperating companies have independent autonomy, with less government interference in their operations, as long as oil and gas companies are like normal companies.
Some countries are, of course, reluctant to give up their rights to operate their hydrocarbon resources, requiring the cooperating hydrocarbon companies to form joint ventures with the Governments of the resource countries or government-controlled State-owned hydrocarbons companies to develop their own hydrocarbon resources. (4) A new model of cooperation would be required.
As oil cooperation deepens, conventional models of cooperation are no longer able to meet the current complex and volatile global oil market situation. For example, in Algeria, a model of cooperation between resource countries and international oil companies in determining the distribution of petroleum products through “bid values” has emerged. We have proposed a new model of “oil plus” cooperation that advocates cooperation with resource countries, in addition to cooperation in the oil field, in the fields of nuclear energy, electricity, etc.
We have adopted this new model of cooperation in oil cooperation with Arab and other countries, which, on the basis of oil cooperation, has resulted in a deep integration of our countries with other industries and the expansion of new ways and channels of cooperation with them.
Kazakhstan ' s oil and gas profile is the world ' s largest landlocked country, with its territory spanning the two continents of Asia and Europe, and is an important country along the Silk Road economy. Kazakhstan ' s oil reserves are very rich and has been identified as the eleventh largest in the world and second in the CIS. Currently, Kazakhstan ' s oil reserves are 4.4 billion tons.
The Caspian Basin is one of the richest regions in the world today in terms of oil and gas reserves, which, according to expert estimates, can reach 90-200 billion barrels, while the natural gas reserves are approximately 458.8 billion cubic metres, accounting for 17.2 per cent and 7.5 per cent of the world's oil and gas aggregates, respectively, and are thus referred to as the “third” of the Caspian Sea.
There are five countries around the Caspian Sea, namely, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Russia, and Iran. According to information published by the Energy Information Agency of the United States Department of Energy, Kazakhstan's total oil reserves in the Caspian Sea range from 101 billion to 1096.6 billion barrels, representing about half of the total stock in the Caspian region, and natural gas reserves amounting to 153.3 trillion cubic metres, or about one third of the total stock in the entire Caspian region.
Kazakhstan’s rich oil and gas resources can be channelled directly into our territory through the Middle-Ha oil pipeline, the Central Asian gas pipeline, etc. So China-Hane cooperation can break the country’s overdependence on maritime transport for energy imports.
Line c, one of the important components of the gas pipeline, the China-Ha gas pipeline, was fully completed and completed between 2014 and 2016, the largest gas transmission project in Kazakhstan's history. In October 2017, the China-Ha gas pipeline began sending natural resources to China.
Among the Chinese enterprises investing in Kazakhstan, China's Petroleum and Gas Group, China's largest partner in projects involving exploration for exploitation, refining, pipeline construction, transportation and oil trade, has become Kazakhstan's strategic partner in the field of hydrocarbon transport.
In June 1997, the company purchased 60.3% of the shares of Aktchibing Oil and Gas Company of Kazakhstan, the Akthambing Company, which had two oil fields, Najor and Kan Kiak, and the Kenyakyak oilfield, which included two deposits of salt and salt.
China Oil (Kazakhstan) also grew from the acquisition of a heavily indebted oil-producing oil company with a single business as a major integrated oil and gas company in the country, with the project producing nearly 150 million tons of oil and gas over a period of more than 20 years.
Over 80 billion cubic metres. The company is now the sixth largest oil producer in the country, with 60 per cent of crude oil production currently in Akchabin State, 75 per cent of natural gas production, and an increase in production from 3 million tons of crude oil produced in the first year to about 10 million tons of oil and gas equivalent in the current year.
In 1959, the oil fields on the salt of the Kenyan oil-mining plant were found to be shallow, low-level oil-rich oil fields, which, despite their abundance, have not been developed effectively because of their shallow, heavy sand and low cold-mining production. In collaboration with Xinjiang Oil Fields, which has experienced the development and management of heavy oil reserves, the company set up a domestic outreach technical support team to enhance basic research, the application of new technologies and the management of fine production in the oil fields over several years.
• After taking over, China’s oil has not been developed for more than 20 years. In the face of these world-class problems, China uses a combination of carbonate rock reservoirs to describe, identify and owe carbonate.
The balancing of techniques such as drilling, which has resulted in the collapse of the salt-substance structure and development techniques such as the drilling of large salt layers, the rapid construction of 2 million tonnes/year capacity, and the conversion of the non-usable 28.664 million tonnes into high-quality reserves that can be efficiently developed.
Jean-Nanore is an old oil field that has been mined for almost 30 years. The company uses gas extraction techniques to solve the problems of high sulphur preservation in wells, gas-squeaking, etc., shortening the drainage and production cycles of wells, with an average single well growing 18.1 tons of crude oil.
At the end of 1997, when Chinese oil took over, the oil fields produced 2.35 million tons of oil per year, most of the oil wells were largely self-spilling, and the oil wells were shut down after their natural lift energy had run out. In mining, the company introduced specific techniques to increase the rate of harvest, such as gas extraction and oil extraction, and pioneered the way in which the large carbonate oil and gas fields were substrated. This way allowed the annual production of the oil fields in Nahor.
The amount rose from 2.35 million tons before the takeover to a high of 4.18 million tons, achieving efficient oil field development.
At present, the company owns 67% of the shares of the company. The company is an integrated energy company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation, refining and marketing of oil and gas assets.
There are 11 oilfields and 5 exploration blocks. Upstream assets are located in the South Turke Basin in central Kazakhstan, downstream operations are dominated by refined oil, finished oil and crude oil sales, with the largest Chimkent refinery in Kazakhstan and sales companies scattered throughout Cyprus and the State of Kazakhstan, and in 2008, the pk oil company discovered a large carbonate rock submarine oil cache, and a low level of exploration in the Doshan sector in the west and Karaganda in the north.
In 2010, two exploration blocks and two old oilfields in the Pk Oil Company South Turgae Basin made important breakthroughs, with oil and gas discovered for the first time above the area cap, demonstrating new areas of exploration for non-constructed oil deposits. In 2013, new advances were made in rolling exploration for the pk project.
When the company took over the pk oil company, exploration breakthroughs and oil and gas discoveries were obtained in the old and new zones through rolling exploration and fine exploration techniques. In December 2006, the drilling of the aryskum-27 well, which was deployed deep in the oil fields, was well demonstrated by the oil and gas wells that had been drilled in the course of the drilling, demonstrating a good prospect for exploration on the lower floors of the oil fields.
For the second year in a row, production remained above 10 million tons. As a result of sustained management innovations and technological advantages from China’s oil industry, the pk project’s exploration and development effort continued to make new breakthroughs, ushering in a period of growth in reserves and production. In 2006, the pk project produced more than 10 million tons of crude oil for the first time.
In 2003, the company purchased 35% and 65% shares from Nimir Oil and Texaco North Buzac Ltd., thereby gaining 100% equity in the North Buzac oilfield.
As a result of the changes, the company and the Russian Lukoil company now hold 50% of the shares in the North Butzac oil field, and the two sides jointly operate the North Buzaki oil field in a joint operation. In 2005, the company conducted side drilling level and acidification production trials in the North Buzaki oil field, with clear results.
In the years following China ' s oil cooperation with the North Buzzazi project, the annual production capacity of crude oil from the North Buzzachi oil field rose rapidly from less than 500,000 tons in 2004 to 2 million tons. In 2014, the North Buzzachi project achieved significant results in terms of oil field development and practical cooperation.
Middle oil in the Middle East, Iraq's oil and gas resource profile.
The oil industry is the main pillar of the Iraqi economy, accounting for about 60% of total domestic production, 90% of fiscal revenues and 96% of foreign exchange earnings. Iraqi oil resources are State-owned, and foreign oil companies work as oilfield operators in cooperation with the Iraqi Ministry of Oil and oil companies in the governorates.
Fields include the East Baghdad oil field, the Ahadeb oil field, the Kirkuk oil field, the Missan oil field, the Hafaya oil field, the Rumayra oil field, the Si Gourna oil field, the Madinun oil field, the Zubair oil field, etc. The oil industry has played a major role in the Iraqi economy, and the Iraqi oil industry has played a role in the economic reconstruction process following each war.
After the first Gulf war, when Iraq introduced the necessary funds and technology to resume oil production, it began to cooperate with the oil and gas industry on a product-sharing contract basis. During the second Gulf war, between 1999 and 2003, the Government of Iraq considered that repurchase contracts were less risky for foreign oil companies.
After the second Gulf War, the national economy needed to be revitalized as a result of prolonged international sanctions and the post-war war war fighting against the Kurdish region bordering parts of Iraq with Syria. The Iraqi Ministry of Oil held its first oil tender in Baghdad in June 2009, followed by 2009 in Baghdad.
In 2010 and 2012, the second and fourth rounds of tenders were completed, all of which were based on the risk service contract model, and under the current Iraqi technical services contract model, the subject of the technical services contract was the first and second parties. The first of them was the Iraqi State-owned oil company, which was equivalent to the owner; the second included foreign investors, i.e. the international oil company and the national partner, which was equivalent to the contractor.
Iraq’s relevant laws stipulate that another Iraqi state-owned oil company must be a national partner for oil-mining projects in Iraq, with no financial obligation on the part of the national partner, but with 25% interest, while foreign investors have 100% investment obligation, but only share the remaining 75% in proportion to their respective shares. Iraqi state-owned oil companies, which are the owners, and national partners, which are the contractors, are also under the control of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil.
Under the technical services contract model, the investor’s costs include additional costs and service costs, which are added costs, which are divided into oil costs and compensation costs. The additional costs are recovered either by crude oil, or by cash on the basis of the choice of Iraqi state-owned oil companies, or by crude oil on the basis of the contractor’s choice.
The recovery mechanism for the items, the amount to be recovered, the method of recovery, and the time to be recovered. In addition to the cost recovery mentioned above, the cost of compensation is the ultimate realization of the direct benefit to the investor. As with the cost of oil, the cost of compensation is recovered in the form of crude oil or, depending on the contractor’s choice, in the form of cash. The cost of compensation is not fixed and will be affected by the adjustment factor (r and p).
Real gains may be even lower. In April 2018, the Government of Iraq organized a fifth round of tenders in which, for the first time, the terms of the contract specified the use of mines, a concept common to the product-sharing contract, and the revenue from the sale of crude oil produced in the oil fields was given to the territorial oil company (roc) 25 per cent of the mines.
The remainder of the royalties is considered to be net equivalent income, and the net equivalent income is the basis of the contractor’s cost recovery. The remainder of the net equivalent income, net of cost recovery, is defined as residual net equivalent income, with the contractor’s remuneration revenue being the percentage of residual net equivalent income recognized by the Government of Iraq and the successful bidder multiplied by the remaining net equivalent income.
In May 2024, Iraq launched tenders for the fifth (+) and sixth tanker oil and gas blocks of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil. On 14 August 2024, the Iraqi Ministry of Oil announced that it had signed a preliminary agreement with a number of companies for 13 oil and gas exploration blocks in which seven households, including China Sea oil and China petrochemicals, had taken the right to develop 10 oil and gas blocks. After the contracts were submitted to Iraq for formal approval and final signature, the oilfield developers were awarded the contract.
At present, international multinational companies that invest in Iraq include British oil, Exxon Mobil, Dutch Shell, Italian Eni oil, Russian Luk oil, Malaysian oil, Japanese Mitsubishi, China Oil and China Oil, Korea Daewoo, etc., due to the delay in the Iraqi government’s assumption of authority with Iraq.
The government signed a contract to pay Western companies to operate the oil fields, and Western oil companies fear that the political and security situation in Iraq will continue to deteriorate. Many foreign companies, such as the British Petroleum Company (bp), the United States company ExxonMobil, and the Russian company Luk Oil, are considering withdrawing from Iraq.
After the Iraq war, China Oil was the first international oil company to enter the Iraqi market, and China’s interests and operations in Iraq are expected to continue to expand.
Iraq’s Ahmadeb oil field, located 180 kilometres south-east of Baghdad, has a geological reserve of 560 million tons. In June 1997, the company and the North Industry Department jointly financed the Oasis Oil Company, which signed a contract with the former Iraqi Government Ministry of Oil for oil development and production. The project was the first project to be built in the Middle East region of China’s silt oil.
In accordance with the terms of the contract, China invested approximately $3 billion for a period of 23 years, which could be extended on the basis of the actual circumstances. Oasis will initially receive $6 per barrel of services, which will gradually be reduced to $3 per barrel.
In 2009, the Ahadeb oil field entered the phase of seismic exploration and drilling operations. The first horizontal well, at a depth of 3,550 metres, the water at a depth of 848 metres and the heart harvest at a rate of 97.58%, was completed.
On 21 June 2011, the oilfield phase of the annual 3 million-ton capacity-building was successfully completed, with production to be completed six months ahead of the contractual deadline through phased construction, staircase ups and fast-track capacity-building. On 23 November 2011, a 6 million-ton crude oil treatment system was completed, with a three-year forward of the current contract ' s peak production target. In December 2013, 7 million tons/year capacity-building was achieved. In November 2014, 7 million tons/year
The annual crude oil treatment system was expanded and completed, resulting in the completion of the 86mmscfd gas treatment system, 500 m3/day LPG (lpg) and the cumulative production of 61.5 million tons of crude oil, 4,393 million cubic metres of natural gas (350.1 million tons of oil equivalent) and 567,000 tons of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) in the Ahadeb field on 26 March of that year.
Al-Ahadeb is a cluster of oil, gas, water, lpg, sulphur disposal and production in oil producing fields, and is the most complex, system-wide oil field project in Iraq, with a peak production of 7.05 million tons of crude oil.
The Rumaila oil field, located 50 kilometres west of the southern Iraqi city of Basra, was found to be the largest oil field in Iraq in 1953, in 1972, with an oil reserve of about 17 billion barrels and the sixth largest in the world. The Rumaila oil field is the largest oil field in Iraq, producing more than 70 million tons of oil and gas equivalent, accounting for one third of Iraq ' s total production.
On 30 June 2009, China Oil and bp Consortium successfully won the Rumaila Field Project in Iraq: on 3 November, representatives of China Oil, bp, the State Oil Marketing Company of Iraq (Somo) and the Southern Oil Company of Iraq formally signed the Rumaila Oil Field Services Contract in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad; on 17 December, the Rumayrah Field Technical Services Contract was approved by the Government of Iraq and entered into full implementation.
Agence France Presse reported a 38 per cent share for bp and a 37 per cent share for oil in the joint venture for the development of the Rumaila oil field, while the rest was for the State of Iraq. In September 2014, British Petroleum Company bp and China Oil Group signed a revised contract for the Rumaila oil field in Iraq, under which the share ratio of such oil reached 46.4 per cent.
In 2010, the Rumaila oil field project successfully achieved its capacity-building objectives. The Rumaila oil field management agency (r00) of the company and Bp, an Iraqi southern oil company, formally took over the management of the Rumaila oil field operations and began operations in the field.
In 2012, the average daily production of crude oil amounted to 44 per cent of Iraq ' s total daily crude oil production. In 2013, the average daily production of the Rumaila project oilfield reached 1.36 million barrels (approximately 67.5 million tons). The cost of the risk service contract for barrel oil was determined by the r factors, and in 2014, international oil prices continued to decline, with subdistricts such as Hafaya and Rumaila renegotiating with the Government, cancelling the r factors in the contract and changing the price of barrel oil to a fixed value.
In mid-2021, oil and bp registered in the United Arab Emirates to establish the Basra Energy Company, mainly for investment in and operation of hydrocarbon projects, with 51 per cent of the oil holdings and 49 per cent of the bp holdings. On 1 June 2022, Basra Energy Ltd. replaced bp as the lead contractor for the Rumaila project, and China Oil's operating model for the Rumayrah project was upgraded from joint operations to joint ventures.
With the completion of the project, the capacity of the Rumaila oil field will increase to 84.5 million tons, and the Hafaya oil field project, which was found in 1976 in the province of Misang, south-east of Iraq, has identified 4.1 billion barrels as one of the seven largest oil fields in Iraq.
On 22 December 2009, the tender consortium of China Petroleum, Dadar, Malaysian National Oil Company and Iraqi Southern Oil Company initialled a technical services contract with the Iraqi Ministry of Oil for the Khafaya oil field at a cost of $1.4 per barrel. Under the contract, China Oil acted as an operator and had 37.5 per cent interest in the project and became an operator for the oil field.
The Hafaya project, which was developed in three phases, completed the first five million tons in June 2012, the second 10 million tons in August 2014 and the third 20 million tons in December 2018, and reached a peak production of 400,000 barrels per day in March 2019, reaching the peak production target under the contract. China Petroleum (Iraq) completed a crude oil production of 19.19 million tons in 2023.
Figure 7: Hafaya Oil Field Project Iraq-Sigurna-1 Project The West Gurna-1 Field is the economic lifeblood of Iraq and one of the most productive fields in the world, located in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) west of Basra, the capital of Basrah governorate
About 550,000 tons of daily crude oil, estimated to be more than 20 billion barrels, are an important supplier of the global oil market. In November 2009, the consortium of Exxon Meifu and Royal Dutch Shell received the West Gulna-1 oil field contract, which used to hold 60% of the oil field, 25% of the Iraqi Government’s oil exploration company and 15% of the Royal Dutch Shell company.
At the end of 2013, Exxon Mobil sold its shares to China Petroleum (25%) and the Indonesian National Oil Company (10%). Shell also sold all of its 19.6% shares to the Japan Ito Ito Ito Oil Development Corporation in 2018. Subsequently, the Indonesian National Oil Company and Basra Oil Company purchased 10% and 22.7% of Exxon Mobil’s shares in the field, respectively.
In May 2019, because of tensions between the United States and Iran, Exxon Mobil withdrew all non-Iraqi employees from the West Ghorna-1 oil field on the grounds of “stability”. In November 2023, Exxon Mobil announced its withdrawal from the Iraqi market after selling its remaining shares in the West Gurna-1 oil field in Iraq to the Iraqi oil company Basrah.
In mid-January 2024, oil will officially take over from the United States of America as the lead contractor for the oil field, holding 32.7 per cent of the shares in the project. Its remaining shares are 22.7 per cent in the Basra oil company, 20 per cent in the Indonesian national oil company, 19.6 per cent in the Itoon stock, and 19.6 per cent in the Iraqi oil survey.
In May 2013, China Oil signed a land and sea project with the Abu Dhabi State Oil Company, which led to a “zero” breakthrough in cooperation in the upstream areas of oil and gas between China and Afghanistan. China Oil and Gas Company Limited acquired 10% of the rights of each of Abu Dhabi’s two maritime oilfield blocks for a 40-year period.
Oil companies hold 60% interest in both projects. The first phase of the project was launched in March 2018. In March 2024, China ' s oil oil exploration project, Abuzabi, started producing the second phase of the Berbazem oil field at sea, and the land and sea project will achieve the scale of 50,000 barrels of crude oil per day.
In February 2017, China Oil successfully acquired 8% of the interest in the land project, with a 40-year contract. China Oil also acquired 8% of the share of Abu Dhabi Land Operations Company (adco), a joint project company. In December of the same year, China Oil acquired the asset leader of the land project Neb.
The largest Emirate in the United Arab Emirates is the world's 6 per cent oil reserves. The adco field project is the largest crude oil extraction project in Abu Dhabi, with a total of between 20 billion and 30 billion barrels of crude oil, mainly under the responsibility of the Abu Dhabi land oil company. Currently, adco lands on the project block oilfields, producing about 1.6 million barrels of daily oil, equivalent to 80 million tons per year, representing about 50 per cent of the country's total oil production.
In March 2018, the Emirates-Maritime Umm Shaif and Nasr, the Lower Zakim Project, China oil won 10 per cent of the concessions of the Lower Zakim, Umm Shaif and Nasr. In July 2022, China China Oil Overseas Investment (Middle East) Limited, the largest controlling subsidiary of the China Sea Oil Group, held 40 per cent of the shares.
The transfer gave China Sea oil a 4% interest in the Zakim, Umm Shaif, and Nasr concessions, while China oil would retain 6%. According to the plan, the target for daily production of oil and gas from the Zakim and Umm Shaif-Nanar oil fields is 450,000 barrels per day and 555,000 barrels per day, respectively, equivalent to 50 million tons of gas per year.
In April 2002, the company signed a 50-per-cent share contract for the production of five blocks in Amman. The Oman project is located in five blocks in Amman, covering an area of 992 square kilometres and containing more than 60 square kilometres of oil.
At the beginning of the takeover, after more than a decade of decomposition, Oman’s five blocks produced less than 700 tons of daily oil, and China’s oil production has risen steadily, reaching 2.62 million tons in 2018, more than 10 times as much as it was when it was taken over. It is now the third largest oil-producing block in Oman.
From December 2003 to January 2007, Chinese oil became 100 per cent owner and operator of block h in Chad through four successive stock acquisitions.
Block h includes all or part of the seven sediment basins of Lake Chad, Madago, Bongo, Doba, Doseo, Salamat, and erdis. The company has fully realized the advantages of integration, and has achieved a number of major breakthroughs and discoveries. Over five years, the Chad oil industry has been improved by the construction of 1 million tons of oil fields, 311 km of pipelines, and the first Chadian refinery.
In 2009, a major breakthrough was made in the prosopis and baobab areas, where new reserves were discovered in rolling exploration in the Ronier and Mimosa areas of the Bongo basin of Chad. In 2010, the Chad project continued to obtain important exploration findings in the Bongo basin, resulting in the successful testing of the risk well cassia n-1 wells deployed in the Naramay area, which together produced over 1,000 tons per day.
Since 2011, the cumulative increase in the volume of oil available for upstream projects in Chad has been over 100 million tons, accelerating production at the same time as the increase in the size of the oil reserves. In 2014, the first phase of phase 2.1 in the Chad oilfields doubled the capacity of the oilfields. In November of that year, the Rocco pipeline opened and opened the crude oil pipeline, and production from the oil fields grew rapidly to 3 million tons.
The Niger Oil Field Project, in June 2008, concluded a psa (product-sharing) agreement between China and the Government of Nepal for the Agadem integration project, which covers upstream Afghanistan, with the gradual expansion of crude oil production to 5 million tons after the three oil fields, which came into operation in December 2017, July 2018 and June 2019.
The Gardem oil field (phases I and II), the Central-Swain Pipeline (the oil field to the refinery pipeline and the Nibe crude oil pipeline), and the downstream Zindel refinery. The first phase of the project was launched at the end of 2011, with a capacity of 1 million tonnes/year and a refining capacity of 1 million tonnes/year. The second phase was launched on 1 November 2023, with a capacity of 4.5 million tonnes/year. In August 2013, the company transferred some of the interests in the Agadem project, after which Chinese oil was transferred.
The share of interest in the project ' s upstream blocks was 65 per cent. In 2022, the Niger project, Agadem phase I, continued to produce steady production, with the equivalent production of millions of tons of oil and gas operations for 11 consecutive years throughout the year; in May 2024, the Niger II Integrated Hydrocarbon Development Project completed 4.5 million tons of productive oil fields and 1950 km of crude oil pipelines.
The project is officially entering an investment recovery phase, as shown in figure 10: Niger Upstream and Downstream Integration Project Mozambique Gas Field Project
The Mozambique 4 zone project is the first China Oil Participation Unit project to integrate the exploration and exploitation of super-deep large natural gas (lng) for production and marketing, and is a major energy cooperation project in Africa “a long way” . The project is being carried out in four phases: the Kololflng phase, the Ruwomang phase, the second phase and the third phase, with a cumulative production of 1.2 trillion cubic metres of gas during the development period.
The Ruwoma Basin, where the Mozambique project produces four blocks, is located in the north-eastern part of the country and has been discovered since 2010 with huge natural gas reserves. In March 2013, China Oil and the Eni Group of Italy signed an agreement to acquire a share of Eniestafrica, thereby indirectly holding 20 per cent interest in the Mozambique Sea 4 project; and in July 2013, China Oil and Eni completed the handover.
Since 2013, China Petroleum, together with five other countries’ partners, has established a joint company that has achieved the first ultra-deep water floating liquefied natural gas project in Mozambique – the Collor project – which is the first deep-sea gas project in China’s oil, the first ultra-deep water lng project in the world, and the first in Africa.
The second-largest floating lang project in the world, more than 2,000 metres deep, has become the cutting edge of deep-sea ling technology in the world today. In 2017, the first development of the Collor liquid gas (lng) project resulted in the first shipment of lang.
Brazil's oil and gas resources profile is widely distributed over land, shallow water and deep water, with oil reserves of 15.3 billion barrels, the world's 15th and the South American region (after Venezuela). Since the end of 2007, oil and gas fields have been discovered on the Brazilian coast under a variety of supersalts, with a projected storage of 500 barrels.
Brazil began exploration and exploitation of oil and gas in the 1950s. According to the Brazilian National Agency for Oil, Gas, and Biofuels (Amp), Brazil produced 3,021,000 barrels of oil per day in 2022, a record high; and natural gas produced 138 million cubic metres per day, an increase of 2.98 per cent over the previous year.
The most important enterprise in the area of oil and gas in Brazil is the Brazilian National Petroleum Corporation (petrobras). With the discovery of large-scale hydrocarbon resources and the open-door policy of hydrocarbon cooperation, Brazil has become one of the most active regions in the hydrocarbon industry, bringing together Exxon Mobil, Shell, Dadal,
The Santos Basin is Brazil’s largest maritime basin, covering about 327,000 square kilometres, with water depths ranging from shallow water to 3,200 metres, and is a typical passive continental margin basin with very superior oil geological conditions. In recent years, the Santos Basin has discovered several successively in the area of rock carbonate at the bottom of a deep-water lake.
Large oil and gas fields: In 2006, large oil and gas fields were found in Tupi, in 2008, large oil fields in Yala (iara), Jubait (jupiter), and in 2010, the Libra oil fields were found, which is of greater concern to world hydrocarbon companies. As of 2023, all oil and gas reserves in Brazil were 32.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent, of which more than 75 per cent of crude oil reserves and more than 55 per cent of natural gas reserves were concentrated in the Santos basin.
Marine oil was actively integrated into this trend as an important future development of hydrocarbon resources. In 2013, the company successfully won the Brazilian Libella project into the Brazilian deep-sea oil and gas market, resulting in a breakthrough in deep-sea oil and gas exploration and development projects, followed by the company ' s successive model, the Buzos project, with additional reserves divided into contract projects and the Aramaic Risk Exploration Hydrocarbon Cooperation Project. From land to sea, from offshore to deep sea, with the Middlestone.
Oil has developed in a cross-border manner in the exploration and exploitation of marine oil. The Brazil-Ribella Mero field project, the Ribella Mero oil field, is located in the Brazilian Santos basin at depths of 1,800 to 2,200 metres, 164 kilometres from the coastline, and is a world-class deep-water oil field.
On 2 December 2013, China Oil and various partners, such as the Brazilian Government and the Brazilian National Oil Company, formally signed a share of the products of the Rebeira project, with 10 per cent of the share of the share of oil. In May 2022, the Mero phase was launched, with a crude oil production capacity of about 9 million tons, and in January 2024, the Mero II phase was successfully launched. The Mero oil field was divided into four production units, after which the first and second production units were delivered.
Two production units of the same size were put into production during the 14th Five-Year Period. By that time, the Mero Fields would have produced more than 35 million tons of oil annually.
The Brazilian-Buzesos project is Brazil’s largest plastic oil field and the world’s largest deep-sea oil field. 6 November 2019, Brazilian Energy Agency (Amp)
In the block bidding process, a consortium of Chinese oil, Chinese sea oil and Brazilian national oil companies succeeded in winning the bid. Middle oil accounted for 5% of the share. The Buzos project, which was launched in April 2018, now produces about 30 million tons of oil annually, and its future peak can produce more than 85 million tons of crude oil annually.
China ' s oil share ratio was 20 per cent, with China ' s oil being awarded a successful bid in the sixth round of the Brazilian bid for the division of products under deep sea salt on 7 November of that year.
China Oil officially entered the Indonesian oil and gas development area in 2002, when it signed a memorandum of understanding of cooperation with the Indonesian National Petroleum Company (petronas) to purchase Indonesian hydrocarbon assets from the United States company Devonenergy, acquire its shares in all six oil fields in Indonesia, share and become operators with three other oil companies.
In 2003, China Oil increased the share of the Jabung block to 45%, entered into a product-sharing contract (psc) as an operator, and developed the block together with Petronas, amerathesindonesiaholdings and pertamina. In 2011, China Oil produced 5.67 million tons of crude oil in Indonesia, the seventh largest oil producer on the Indonesian market. In 2021, China-Indonesian Jabung signed a contract for Jabung in Indonesia's capital province.
The 20-year extension of the contracts for the operation of the blocks was valid for 2023 to 2043. Oil production in the Jabung block was 151 barrels per day and natural gas was 172 cubic feet per day in the third quarter of 2021.
The project aims to achieve 5.7 million tons of production by 2023 and double production by 2027, i.e. 8-10 million tons by 2027. Risks of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; risks of frequent natural disasters; risks of new projects not being produced as expected; geopolitical risks; and policy risks.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject