As the wind breaks out, it's right to hang on to the sea, and on 19 August 2022, the coal volume rose and its performance is expected to continue to be released. The company currently produces 143 million tons of coal per year.
Of these, 7,917,000 tonnes/year of domestic equity capacity and 64,080,000 tonnes/year of overseas production capacity. Of these, only one million can be built and 1.8 million tonnes/year are expected to be produced in 2024. With regard to production, the capacity of the trenches and quartil wells in 2021 was underutilized, and the coal mines in 2022 were mined.
In terms of prices, 25 provinces spend the same amount per day, using coal to characterize the season. As the heat of the day returns to the processing industry, high daily consumption will drive the reservoir.
On the overseas side, as a result of the recovery in overseas demand and the Russian-Turkish conflict, offshore coal prices continue to be high, and the company's Australian branch is expected to increase its performance. The coal industry is expected to continue its high profile.
\triangleright production capacity, in addition to 800,000 tonnes/year of polymethylether (dmmn) and 800,000 tonnes/year of methanol in construction, the annual 2021 report indicates that the elmol plant works in phase II (involving 800,000 tonnes/year)
S-0105211009 methanol and 500,000 tonnes/year dmmn) have reached 99% of progress and the project is almost complete, the remainder of which will be completed.
Since 2021, the recovery of the offshore economy has led to a rebound in oil prices, with the year 2022 pepc insisting on a moderate supply, with less idle capacity, limited future production opportunities, a combination of the conflict in the Russian Federation and Ukraine, which has accelerated the rise in oil prices, and the prospect of a continuation of the high business climate for corporate coal-chemicals in the context of high oil prices.
The transformation accelerates, with a high score in the value of the configuration. According to the Company ' s Development Strategy Framework, the company identified mining, high-end chemicals and new materials, new energy sources, high-end equipment manufacturing, intelligence based on the industrial layout of the current 1.
Performance forecast: Resonance in domestic and foreign coal prices, with five industrial directions for historical and new logistics, to reach 300 million tonnes/year of coal production in 5-10 years, high point in chemical products - 2022/07/14
Production of more than 20 million tons, with more than 70 per cent of new chemical materials and high-end chemicals, electricity generation from new energy sources, and the first quarter of 2022 reporting point for the energy of the mine (600188.sh) with a installed capacity of more than 10 million kW, hydrogen gas supply capacity of more than 100,000 kW/year, coal and chemical development
At the same time, the company has entered a high-scoring red age, with a cash-equity payment rate in 2021.
Global energy price rises, coal and chemical industry elasticities are significant - growth, while corporate capital expenditures are increasing, but cash flows are increasing faster and overall have a consistently high red mark 2022/03/31
On the basis of this, the company dividends rate is at a leading level in the industry and has a high investment value.4 The energy performance of the mine is forecasted as follows: the prices of coal-chemical products dropped significantly in the fourth quarter of 2021; and (4) the assumption is not as high as expected.
In 2012, the holding subsidiary, the Luang State Coal Australia Coal Company Ltd., was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange, making the Xiao Mine Energy the first coal company in China to date, with its only foreign and domestic platform.
The company owns the coal, coal, electricity, equipment, etc., based on coal production, coal deep-carbon processing and integrated use of the large international energy enterprise, the largest coal producer in the East China region, the domestic power coal pipeline, and the largest exclusive producer of coal in Australia. The company owns a large number of coal gas, coal liquefied, and so on.
The Shandong Energy Group is the first shareholder by holding 45.73% of the company’s shares. The Shandong Energy Group is a Shandong State-owned company.
In 2021, the company was transformed from a non-coal trade to a coal business. The company actually contributed RMB 44.65 billion, of which RMB 36.771 billion, or 82.34 per cent, was in coal business and 43.88 per cent was coal.
Industry contributed $6,851 million, or 15.34 per cent, and Māori 32.01 per cent; company profits were mainly from coal operations. Figure 2: Corporate revenue composition (millions of yuan)
There was a significant increase of 16.16 percentage points to 29.38 per cent, including an increase of 8.9 percentage points in the same year for coal operations, a 20.33 percentage point increase in the same year for coal industries, and a loss in electricity operations due to the excessive cost of raw materials. Performance increased significantly in 2021, with 22q2 profits rising to a single season. In 2021, the company realized a net profit attributable to its parent shareholders.
The prices of the Division ' s main products remained high; 2) companies continued to promote lean management, which had an impact on the rise in the cost of hedge costs, and companies performed significantly in the coal business: the volume price increased and the output of 2.1 commodities released was expected to increase
Coal operations in the company are run mainly by the company’s headquarters, Shanxi energy, monitoring, Ordos energy, future energy, and Xiang Seong coal. The offshore operations are run mainly by Luang, Australia, and Luang Coal International. By the end of 2021, the company’s in situ resources were 14.552 billion tons, and its available reserves amounted to 4,517 million tons (jorc standards), in China.
Internal reserves of 4,419 million tons (2,710 million tons recoverable) and overseas reserves of 10,113 million tons (1,807 million tons recoverable). Corporate resources cover power coal, one third of coal, blow-outs, power coal, semi-soft coal, semi-hard coal, semi-rigid coal, covering a variety of coal species, and have excellent characteristics of “three lows and three highs” (low ash, low sulphur, low phosphorus, high heat, high volatilities, high ash melting points).
The company currently has a total coal production capacity of 213 million tonnes/year (i.e. 143 million tonnes/year), of which 9,061 tonnes/year (i.e. 79.17 million tonnes/year) of domestic capacity and 123 million tonnes/year (i.e. 6408 million tonnes/year) of overseas capacity.
Company production is expected to increase in 2021, with company coal production limited, and coal production limited. Coal production was only 83.2 million tons, yielding only 10.4 per cent of the capacity of the coal mine.
Assuming that both of these mines have recovered to 60% capacity, they are expected to produce 6.78 million tons of additional output. The company’s commercial coal sales increased significantly between 2017 and 2020, as a result of increased corporate economic efficiency through the use of its own strong capacity to clean and process coal from outside sources.
Tons of tons, a 27.6% decline in the same year, as trade in coal is lower, the decline in trade has helped to increase the rate. The proposed increase in the capacity of the coal is expected to increase.
Coal companies, which cover power-driven coal, coal-fired coal and blow-out, are the Hvo mines (38 million tonnes/year), the mtw mines (28 million tonnes/year) and the Moraben mines (21 million tonnes/year) all world-class coal assets that are over-exploitated, low-cost and well-functioning.
In April-May, the temperature rises and the demand for civilian electricity slides, usually in the light season of traditional demand, but this year is affected by the epidemic, with industrial power being used on the basis of a decline in the demand for civilian electricity compared to the decline in the demand for civilian electricity.
But, in April-May, coal prices in power ports stabilized at relatively high levels. The supply side was in a state of supply, with output at relatively high levels, i.e. the current high supply met lower demand and pressure tests at the demand end were completed.
On the domestic front, the number of coal-fired years of power generation decreased by 6.0% in June, and the monthly rate of decline slowed. On the basis of the daily consumption of power plants, the daily consumption of twenty-five provinces was flat, while the number of days of coal storage in eight coastal provinces fell by 13 days, down from the low point since November last year, with coal-season characteristics. On the international level, the volume of coal imports in June was 1898 million tons, a decline of 33.15 per cent, compared with 33.15 per cent.
The ring ratio fell by 7.63%, and the recovery of overseas power coal prices began in mid-June, and the cost of imported coal will become less effective. As the heat of the weather returns to the industrial process, high daily consumption will drive the stock consumption process to accelerate.
In 2021, the company’s overseas coal sales (Acoal and Coal International) accounted for about 40% of total sales. Since 2021, overseas coal prices have been rising steadily, and in 2022, as a result of changes in the international situation and the foreign energy crisis, international coal prices have grown rapidly, and companies’ performance elasticities are expected to be released.
2.3 The cost of the company ' s own coal sales shows an increasing trend. In 2021, the company ' s own coal sales cost was $297 per ton, an increase of 46 per cent over the year, mainly due to the caliber adjustment, which adjusted transportation costs to sales costs; and 2) a portion of the company ' s mine collapse costs.
The cost of coal produced by the company is expected to remain high in 2022, with an increase expected mainly from the increase in labour costs, an increase in the associated taxes (shock fees, environmental governance funds) but a limited overall increase, and a recovery in production from sulfur and trenches to some extent.
3 Coal industry: The high climate is expected to continue with 3.1 chemical production and sales, which still has the potential to grow, and the company ' s total chemical capacity is now in the forefront of the country. The company ' s coal industry is now largely engineered by Ordos (100%).
The company currently has 7.46 million tonnes/year (of interest) of chemical production, 2.4 million tonnes/year of methanol, 400,000 tonnes/year of ethylene ethanol, 1 million tonnes/year of acetic acid, 380,000 tonnes/year of ethyl acetate.
In addition to these chemicals, the company still has 800,000 tonnes/year of polymethyldehyde dimethyl ether.
(dmmn) and 800,000 tonnes/year methanol are in construction, and the annual 2021 report indicates that the progress of the second phase of the elmol plant (involving 800,000 tons/yearly methanol and 500,000 tons/year dmmn) has reached 99 per cent, that the project has been substantially completed and that the remaining part of the end-of-life work is expected to be productive in 2022, with further enrichment of the company ' s chemical products and greater competitiveness.
Price volatility is associated with high oil prices because of the high combustibility of coal-based products and petrochemical tools. Since 2021, the recovery of the offshore economy has led to a rebound in oil prices, with the year 2022 when Oec insisted on a moderate supply while remaining idle.
With fewer capacity, limited space for future increases, the conflict in Russia and Ukraine has accelerated the rise in oil prices, eia ' s short-term energy outlook report states that Brent crude oil prices are projected at $107.37 per barrel in 2022; they are 51% higher than the $71.04 per barrel in 2021.
The economic benefits of the chemical industry have been significantly highlighted, with companies’ main chemical methanol, acetic acid, and ethanol prices at higher levels in recent years. At the same time, as a result of rising coal prices, most of the independent coal industry’s costs have risen significantly, its elasticity has been eroded, the company’s own coal resources are abundant, and the chemical-projected coal mines will guarantee elasticity at the cost end, and the raw coal costs will open up the company’s profit margins.
On 16 December 2021, the company launched the Development Strategy Framework, which defines the mining sector on the basis of the existing industry layout.
The main development objectives are: Mining: to reach 300 million tons of coal production in 5-10 years, and to build more than 8 million tons of green smart mines \triangleright.
Mountains. Building on existing non-coal mineral assets, expanding the mineral fields of molybdenum, gold, copper, iron, potassium, etc., leading to a transition from single-coal mining to multi-mine development.
\triangleright Material Development and Production Base.
The industry has an advantage in the orderly development of industries such as downstream hydrogen production. In the 5-10 year period, the new energy generation plant has reached 10 million kW in size. The high-end equipment manufacturing industry has focused on the development of traditional niche products such as high-end coal manufacturing, the expansion of new energy equipment such as windmills, and the development of medium- and high-end series of products.
In terms of chemicals, the industrial transformation has taken a new step forward. The new energy industry is moving towards the import phase, and companies will accelerate the development of projects such as intra-brand photovoltaics, start the pre-provincial centralized photovoltaic projects, and undertake special research and development of storage technologies.
Innovation breaks out, with the world leading by 10-metre ultra-high-pressure samplers in resistance and high-parametering. The Rusy Smart Manufacturing Park is starting construction, planning a cooperative project on eight types of high-end coal products, and fully expanding the smart equipment manufacturing of industrial chains. The intelligent logistics industry focuses on railways, roads, ports, parks, and the platform's “Five Ones” development model, initiating the implementation of industrial resource integration.
4.2 High cash dividends provide investment value. The increase is in the maintenance of simple re-production expenditures. As profits improve, corporate operating cash flows increased significantly, resulting in real operating net cash flows of $36.2 billion in 2021, an increase of 62.7 per cent.
The cash share is no less than 50%. The company’s historical cash share rate is around 30%, with a large share beginning in 2019. The total cash share allocated in the year should account for about 50% of the company’s net profit after deducting statutory reserves for the year, and the profit per share in cash is no less than 0.5 yuan.
Taken together, as coal prices and chemical prices remain high, corporate cash flows are expected to grow robustly in the future, while corporate capital spending has increased, but cash flows have increased faster, with the overall basis for sustained high dividends, and corporate dividends are at a leading level in the industry and have higher investment value.
With the company's coal business contributing more than 80 per cent of the profits, we split the coal business mainly:
In the area of home-grown coal, the capacity of the coal mine was only 83.2 million tons in 2021, with a capacity utilization rate of only 10.4 per cent. The coal mine has obtained a mining licence and is expected to increase its production. In 2021, the coal industry produced 3.188 million tons of commercial coal, with a capacity of only 32 per cent, and in 2022, with an orderly release of syrup coal.
In addition, in the context of insurance, the production of other company mines is expected to increase by more than 6 million tons.
Domestically, according to Wind, the price of q5,500 power coal at the end of July 2022 was consistently higher than in the same period in the past year, and the current fire and electricity was on a seasonal season, cement and chemical demand were expected to improve, and prices were still on the rise in the medium and long term.
Investments in fixed assets in the industry have continued to decline. As a result of the low willingness to build new capacity in the “double carbon” policy sector, trade coal is invested as a heavy asset industry: the overall price volatility of trade coal follows market changes, and therefore the projected price changes are higher than those of home-grown coal, and we anticipate that the trading coal unit will sell at a price of $1820/1911/1930 per tonne in the period 2022-2024.
Unit cost: Assuming a different rate of increase in the cost of self-produced and traded coal, self-produced coal: the projected increase in the cost of fuel coal, electricity, labour, etc. increases the cost of raw materials and the company ' s projected cost of self-produced coal units in 2022-2024 is $359/373/382 per tonne, respectively.
Trade coal: The cost of trade coal is expected to change more than the cost of self-produced coal, and the unit cost of trading coal is expected to be $16 62/1795/1831 per tonne for 2022-2024, respectively. Companies are mainly engaged in coal mining and marketing, while trading coal and coal-chemicals. So we choose 1.)
China also has a coal trade business and a coal industry, and China’s Senghua is a comparable company; 2) a coal industry of roughly the same size as that of the company; 3) also considering that the company has a transition development plan, we have selected Huayang’s shares that have been transformed into new sources of energy as a comparable company. By contrast, the stock price of 17 August 2022 was used as a benchmark.
The company, with a seven-fold pe in 2022, is comparable to its average, but, as the only company with a coal plate at present with an offshore coal-producing mine, overseas coal resources have increased in importance in the context of the energy crisis, while companies have not been able to expand the coal map, and initiatives such as high-scoring red are expected to raise the company's valuation and, on balance, maintain a “recommended” rating.
(1) The downside of the macroeconomy, where the price of coal falls sharply, and the downside of the macroeconomy will lead to a contraction of downstream demand, such as a decline in electricity use, where the company's main industry is coal production and marketing, is closely linked to downstream demand, which will have a greater impact on the company's performance.
2) Newly built capacity releases higher expectations than expected, and rapid increases in coal supply due to more advanced production than expected, will also result in lower coal prices, which in turn will have a greater impact on the company ' s performance.
3. The prices of coal-chemical products have fallen considerably, the company ' s coal-chemical operations have increased both in terms of revenue and share following the completion of the acquisition of assets such as the Lunan chemical industry, and the price of coal-chemical products has had an impact on the company ' s profitability.
We have made assumptions about the volume, price, cost, etc. of the company's coal business, and are responsible for the content and opinions of this report independently and objectively if the actual volume of business is not in line with the expected conclusions of the study on profit probabilities and the logic of analysis. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.