Researchchand developmentcenter.
One mineral energy depth report (600188) suggests, in particular, that the controlling shareholders in the Sunda securities are Sunda, China, and Sunda, China, the second largest shareholder in Luang Coal Australia (15.89 per cent as of the end of 2021).
Coal Australia is an important and very scarce overseas coal asset for mining energy, which has been under cultivation for many years and has entered a new phase of high-quality development (600188.sh).
The base in China and Australia operates mainly in Australia, where 36.7 million tons of commercial coal were produced in 2021 (35% of the total coal production from the mine), 37% of the revenue from the coal produced by the mine, and 30% of the profits from the coal produced by the mine. The energy from the mine is also the only country with large offshore coal assets.
Marketed coal companies, scarcity is evident. From the competition patterns of Australia's coal market, BP and BP, GLOBE, and the city of Quino, the third largest coal company in Australia, and the third largest coal company in Australia.
A major coal company, Yutao, is a good core asset in the Australian coal industry. Since 2004, Botsu Energy has been working in Australia for many years, acquiring high-quality main mines like Moraben, Walker Hill, Hunt Valley, etc.
Listed on the market. In 2021, Coal Australia achieved $5.404 billion in principal business income and 19 per cent in maternal metallurgical coal revenue. In addition, Uco ' s operating cash flow was significantly higher than net profit, with ebitda reaching $2,193 million in 2021.
On the supply side, the international coal industry continues to be strained by a combination of short- and long-term factors, particularly the energy cycle, and Australian coal production is becoming scarce. On the supply side, the Australian coal industry has continued to have low capital spending over the past 5-10 years, with insufficient long-term investment constraining capacity growth and production capacity.
The cycle is essentially the driving force behind the boom in the coal industry. In the larger context of a clean low-carbon energy transition, Australia’s coal industry’s second-largest miners plan to reduce investment in coal will further constrain coal production, owing to constraints such as esg.
Mining approval requirements are stringent, people are protesting strongly, and Australia’s new coal development has been difficult and has a five-to-ten-year mining cycle. Meanwhile, extreme rainfall in New South Wales and Queensland, where coal is produced, labour shortages, and epidemics have further exacerbated the impact on production.
In terms of demand, global coal consumption is still growing. There is no triangular possibility in the energy sector, i.e. it is difficult to find an energy system that meets both energy supply security, energy environment-friendly, and low energy prices. In the current world context, the weight of energy supply security among countries has increased significantly.
In comparison with the price of kerosene under the same heat conditions, coal is clearly economically superior, and the unit heating price of the spot of the newc powered coal is only about 30% of the price of the same gas. Our previous study, the Russian-Turkish conflict against the sky, was published on June 28th.
A detailed analysis of the natural gas crisis facing Europe and the announcement by many of the countries in response to the crisis of a reboot of coal power, the substitution of coal for natural gas shortages and the clear economic superiority of coal will trigger a further increase in global demand for coal.
In a series of previous studies, we believe that international coal prices will continue to be high in the coming years and are expected to rise gradually. The average sales price of Australian coal is expected to continue to rise over the first half of this year.
Australia is rich in reserves, with a total coal resource of 6,013 million tons at the end of 2021 and 1,137 million tons at the end of the year. In 2019-2021, coal production was 52.1/51.8/48.5 million tons, which should account for tons, and sales were largely stable.
Lower ton cash operating costs have increased only slightly to $67/tonne, with good cost controls. Compared to the cost of the major Australian coal supplier, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., the cash cost of coal is within the co-operation cost range.
At the same time, the coal is of good quality, the combined heat is higher, and three major mining wells are located in Beijing.
(Molaben, hvo, mtw) All cash profit curves in the Australian coal industry are at the 1st quadrant. The average sale price of coal in 2021 has risen to $141 per ton, and further upswings in coal prices since 2022 will release significant performance elasticities.
First, Australia’s api5 index rose by US$ 403.44/tonne (6,000k) at the end of June, while api5 amounted to US$ 186.64/tonne (5,500k) and api5 currently has a high safety margin.
Low grey sub-products are priced based on the newc index, while higher grey sub-products are priced based on the api5 index, and delayed contract delivery can lead to a lag in real prices compared to the benchmark spot price. The delay in clearing coal prices further enhances certainty about the increase in the average sales ring ratio for the third quarter of this year.
The amount of interest-bearing liabilities was 45% lower than the $397.5 million interest-bearing liabilities of 30 June 2021.
In 2021, the U.S. issued a combined dividend of $930 million, with a rate of interest of 118%. Under the U.S. dividend policy, the fiscal year is normally allocated not less than after-tax net profits or free cash.
50 per cent of the flow as dividends (both high) In 2024, net profits from coal Australia would be $4,201 million, $5,553 million, and $5,836 billion, respectively, and cash would be classified as cash in the form of a 50 per cent profit minimum share of the proceeds, 2022-2024.
Sensitivity analysis was also carried out on the net profits that could be realized under the scenario of [-30%, +30%] of the average coal price achieved in the region (see table 5 for further details) . . . . . investment strategy: collating top-coal assets in Australia will benefit fully from the global energy inflation pattern of the current round.
We'll continue to recommend coal-filled energy as fast as possible. According to our profit projections, the prices were collected as of July 29, compared to the major coal companies listed in Hong Kong and the major coal companies abroad.
We continue to look at the only high-quality offshore coal assets with sustainable growth capacity and high-growth space-based energy pipelines, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: severe economic recession has led to a sharp fall in coal prices, and the risk of coal mine safety accidents.
The risk of significant exchange rate fluctuations and the risk of deteriorating relations between China and Australia.
In 2021, Australia contributed 36,699,000 tons of commercial coal (35 per cent of total coal production) taking into account the 100 per cent share of the mining energy in the Ministry and the share of the company in the market.
62.26% of the difference in the ratio of the weighted average shares of 83% of the subsidiaries of the Al-Quds Base, and the ratio of the adjusted shares to the contribution of commercial coal also accounts for 27% of the energy of the mine, which is one of the company’s major coal production bases. In 2021, the cocoon government of Australia contributed 37% of the revenue from its own coal production and 30% of its gross profits from its own coal production.
Given the competition patterns in Australia’s coal market, the BP, JERO, and the cities of Quao are among the top three sectors, with 13.2%, 13.0%, 5.2%, and the third largest coal company in Australia.
In terms of financial contributions, in 2021, the U.A. achieved a net return profit of RMB 3.7 billion and contributed approximately RMB 2.3 billion in equity relative to the net return profit from the mining energy sector; in 2021, the U.A. achieved a net operating cash flow of RMB 8.8 billion in equity.
In terms of profitability, 13.96% in 2021 was below the level of 23.84% of the total energy of the mine. But in 2021, 6.92% of the Roa was slightly higher than the level of domestic assets.
Reimbursing interest-bearing liabilities, continued decline in financial leverage and increased financial soundness. Figure 9: Roa level (%) Australia ' s multi-year layout: Phoenix, moving into a new phase of quality development
This may be due to the start of the deployment of Australia in 2004, the acquisition of the Australasia mine and the creation of the Coal Australia Corporation. Since then, through years of deep cultivation of the Australian coal industry, the Coal Australia has acquired a number of high-quality major mines, including Moraben, Mount Walker, and Hunt Valley.
The Luang State coal industry acquired the Austau mine, creating a coal-coal Australia, and acquired the felix mine, including Moraben, Yarobe, Ashton, and so on.
The Luang State coal industry acquired Campbell Towns and Prima (international assets of Xiaoqiang Coal) under the effective administration of Xiaohua. The gloucester group, including Strafod/Durari, Donaldson, Nakayama, was listed at the Australasia border post.
Marketed in Hong Kong, 4 per cent of the additional interest in Moraben (with 85 per cent) was resumed and 10 per cent of the additional interest in Moraben (with 95 per cent) was acquired. As reported in 2021, the main shareholders in Luang Coal Australia included Xiaomei energy (with 62.26 per cent), cinda (with 15.89 per cent),
Glencore (6.4% share). The main coal-held Australian mines include Moraben (the acquisition of the felix mine-owned Moraben in 2009, the acquisition of an additional 4 per cent interest to 85 per cent equity in 2018 and an additional 10 per cent interest to share 95 per cent in 2020), Mount Walker (the acquisition of joint coal in 2017 and 83 per cent share), and the Hunt Valley (the acquisition of joint coal in 2017).
In addition, Coal Australia owns coal mine assets such as Ashton, Straford/Turari, Yarobi, Middle Hills. The main mines are located in New South Wales and Queensland, Australia.
In 2019-2021, coal Australia earned $44.60, $34.73, $5.404 million from its main business, and the fall in the price of coal in that year resulted in a significant loss. Luang coal earned $4.246 billion (79%) from its own power coal sales in 2021, and self-melt coal earned $1,044 million (or $A 1.04 billion) from its own coal production.
The ebitda is significantly higher than the net profit, with 2,193 million Australian dollars in 2021. Figure 13: Australasia's annual harvest and acceleration (millions of Australian dollars) Figure 14: Australasia's annual net profit and acceleration (millions of Australian dollars)
Figure 15: Revenue from home-grown coal & metallurgical coal sales (2021) International coal industry: combined short- and long-term factors causing continued supply stress, driven by demand growth Long-term underinvestment at the supply end, resulting in tight coal production capacity in Australia
According to Australia’s data on exploration expenditures for mining resources over the past five to ten years, the coal industry has been consistently low in terms of exploration capital expenditure, with chronic underinvestment constraining capacity growth, while the production cycle is the driving force behind the current boom in the coal industry. For example, Australia’s White Harbour Coal Corporation, whose total capital expenditure for the period 2016-2020 was only 615 million Australian dollars.
This represents a significant decrease of $881 million over the 2011-2015 total. Australia ' s raw and commercial coal production has remained largely stable for several quarters, constrained by insufficient investment. Figure 17: Australia ' s mining resource exploration expenditure 2013-2021 (millions of United States dollars)
Figure 18: Capital spending by Whitehavencoal, 2006-2020. Meanwhile, in the broader context of a clean low-carbon energy transition, Australia’s coal industry’s top two miners plan will reduce investment in coal, owing to constraints such as esg.
In the area of fossil fuels, up to $1.35 billion in assets will be removed from two of Australia’s coal mines; at the end of 2020, Kajima indicated that it would reduce coal production by 40 per cent by 2035 and close four coal mines located in Australia by 2023. Reduced investment by major producers in the Australian coal industry will further constrain coal production.
Figure 20: Australasia ' s second largest coal industry is planning to reduce coal investment, while Australia ' s new coal development has been difficult and has been under construction for 5-10 years, owing to stringent coal mining approval requirements and popular opposition to protests. For example, China ' s God China announced in 2008 that it had obtained the exclusive concession of Australia ' s Watermark.
However, after more than 10 years of collapse, the Watmark project was withdrawn in 2021 by the Gynaecology Proclamation, which obtained an exclusive prospecting permit for the Watmark exploration area (in New South Wales) where local farmers/community-based organizations protested for long periods of time to protect agricultural land and groundwater.
The New South Wales Government signed a new agreement with the project company to withdraw 100 square kilometres of prospecting permits, which continues to be strongly protested by local farmers, with stringent approval and mining requirements, and the divine proclamation to meet the environmental needs of the local government in response to a clean, low-carbon energy transition.
The impact on production is further exacerbated by extreme weather, labour shortages and epidemics in the main areas of production, as well as planning adjustments, and the withdrawal of S.W. Watermark from the existing coal mining project, which is concentrated mainly in New South Wales and Queensland, but in 2021 and the first half of 2022, New South Wales.
In the first quarter of 2022, Australia experienced a 4.4 per cent decline in its primary coal production of 125 million tons compared to the previous period; coal exports of 8399 million tons fell by 3.7 per cent compared to the previous year.
The significant decline in the labour force in the coal industry has resulted in a labour shortage, with the number of Australian coal employees in 2020-21 amounted to only 34.3 million, a decrease of up to 23 per cent, compared with 446 thousand in 2013-14; the number of employed persons in 2021-22 rose slightly to 362,000, a decrease of up to 19 per cent since 2022.
The impact of the crown epidemic has increased, with the number of new confirmed cases growing significantly and remaining high since the beginning of 2022, and the impact of the epidemic has further exacerbated the shortage of labour.
Figure 26: The impact of the new coronary epidemic in Australia has increased since 2022, demand for energy security has increased significantly, global demand for coal has grown at a price advantage, and global coal consumption is still growing. The energy sector is unlikely to have a triangle, i.e., it is difficult to find an energy system.
At different times, there is a marked difference in the weights considered for energy that cannot be triangulated. In the current world pattern, the weights placed on energy security have increased significantly, thus driving the growth of demand for traditional fossil energy worldwide.
Coal has a clear economic advantage when compared to the prices of the three traditional fossil energy sources under the same heating conditions. Even if we use the spot price of newc power coal (up to $404 per tonne as at 22 July), the unit heating price is only about 30% of the price of the same gas, and the coal economy is better if we use the api5 index or the price of the Association of Governors as a comparison.
In our previous study, The Impact of the Russian-Turkish Conflict on the Gas Industry, released on June 28, we had a detailed analysis of the natural gas crisis facing Europe, and in response to the natural gas crisis, many European countries announced the extension of the life of coal-fired power plants or the reactivation of coal-fired power plants, the substitution of coal for natural gas shortages and a clear economic advantage would trigger a further increase in global demand for coal.
At the same time, there has been a marked structural change in the distribution of Australian coal, influenced by geophysical factors. The share of China declined sharply in comparison with the major regional distribution structure in 2021 and 2020, while the share of markets in Japan, Taiwan, South-East Asia, etc., is figure 29: The composition of major regional sales in Australasia (2021).
Combined with the above analysis, the long-term underinvestment at the supply end and the capacity cycle resulting from expansion constraints are the core factors constraining the supply of coal, while adding to the extreme weather, labour shortages and the impact of the epidemic in Australia's coal owners.
The demand side, because of the impossibility of having a triangle of energy, has increased the importance of traditional fossil energy in the current context of greater emphasis on security of supply, and the economics of coal have been significantly superior in terms of the three fossil energy ratios. Thus, Australia’s coal prices continue to be innovative even as a result of the sharp decline in China’s imports of Australian coal and structural adjustments in its distribution areas.
In the light of the Shindal energy team’s findings of high energy inflation and a series of previous studies, we believe that the price of inter-state coal will continue to be high in the coming years, and that it is expected to rise gradually. The average price of sales of coal is expected to continue on the basis of the first half of this year, and the cost of mining is the lowest in Australia.
With regard to coal resources, there is a wealth of coal reserves, which, by the end of 2021, amounted to 6,013 billion tons, 1.137 billion tons, and 819 million tons, respectively.
69/68.1/63.2 million tons, 52.1/51.8/48.5 million tons of coal available for sale, and coal production is generally stable. In 2021, there was a slight decline in coal production due to: 1) humid weather affecting open-air mining; 2) disruption of production due to a rock-pulse intrusion into local mines in Mola; 3) fewer cases of clean-up (100 per cent below ground is free of coal), leading to a slight decline in coal production.
In 2019 - 2021, the share of coal due to sale was 35.6 - 37.8 - 36.7 million tons and the value of home-grown coal sold was 35.6 - 37.4 - 37.5 million tons.
To 67 Australian dollars per ton, cost control levels are good; while the average ton of coal sold rose to 141 Australian dollars per ton in 2021, and the further upward-led elasticity of coal prices was significant. In the cash profit curve of the Australian coal industry (valued in 2018), the three major mining wells in the country, Moraben,
Hvo, mtw are all located at the 1st quadrant, reflecting good cost-control capabilities and good coal quality, and cash profits in Australia have a clear advantage in the coal industry. Compared to the cost to Australia’s major coal suppliers, the cash cost of coal is in Australia’s main coal suppliers.
At the same time, the U.S.A. has a better quality of coal and a higher combined heat supply, and its coal products are mainly divided into five categories: powered coal includes low ash.
Coal power, ash power, coal, including semi-fine coal, blow coal, coal fire. Low ash power coal in coal power is exported mainly to Japan, Europe, and high ash power coal is sold mainly to local Australian power plants, South-East Asia (formerly exported to China). Moreover, it is worth noting the delay in clearing coal prices in the U.S.A.. First, Australia’s api5 index is higher than newc.
Due to structural differences between buyers of different coal products, the difference between the price of newc and api5 has been as low as $186.64/tonne (5,500k) since 2021, and the price of api5. Of the coal products, the lower ash is priced based on the newc index, the higher ash is priced on the api5 index, and its power coal price.
The grid contract is based mainly on the Japanese electricity utility reference price (for the contract price of the agreement between the main Australian supplier and the Japanese company and adjusted periodically), the gold coal treatment is priced on the basis of quarterly price base consultations between the main Australian supplier and the Japanese steel plant, and most of the semi-flexible coal in Newcastle and the Queensland low volatilization and blowout coal is priced on the basis of quarterly base price.
Delayed contract delivery can lead to a lag in real prices compared to prices. The delay in settling coal prices further enhances the certainty of the increase in the average sales ring ratio (table 1) in the third quarter of the year.
On the evening of 30 June, Australia announced that at the end of July 2022, approximately $801 million of obligations were to be paid in cash, $500 million was to be repaid in advance and $50 million was to be repaid in July 2021 and July 2022. An amount of $801 million was to be paid in advance to enable the coal to be repaid as at 30 June 2021, which it had reported 12 months earlier.
Over 45 per cent of the interest-bearing liability of $3,975 million (Australasia announced on July 20 that it had paid $801 million of its debt, Australasia had made a high percentage of its dividends at the same time that it had paid its debts in advance. In 2021, Australasia distributed a total of $930 million in dividends (including 0.5 Australian dollars in final dividends and 0.204 Australian dollars in special dividends in shares), with an interest rate of 118 per cent.
(a) 50 per cent of net after-tax profits (excluding abnormal items); or (b) 50 per cent of free cash flows (excluding abnormal items) as intermediate and/or terminal dividends; if deemed necessary for prudent management of the financial situation, 25 per cent of net after-tax profits (excluding abnormal items) as medium and/or end of a given fiscal year shall be allocated as medium-term and/or end-period. ]
In combination with the policy and historical distribution of dividends, it is expected that the approximate rate will be more than 50% of net profits. The core assumption is that, in combination with the Shindal energy team’s judgement of large energy inflation and its previous series of studies, we believe that international coal prices will continue to be high for a long time.
Based on the core assumptions of coal prices, sales, ton coal costs (see table 3 for further details), we expect a net profit in 2022-2024 from coal Australia of $4,201 million, $5,553 million, $5,836 million, respectively. Assuming a share ratio of 62.26 per cent of the energy of the mine of $12,59 billion, $16.7 billion) a minimum share of 50 per cent of the profit (actually between net profits and free cash flows) is the lowest share of the profit.
Taking into account the volatility of coal prices, we have also conducted a sensitivity analysis of the net profits that can be realized under the scenario of [-30%, + 30%] of the average coal price, as detailed in table 5. Table 5: Sensitivity of net profits to coal price analysis
Investment strategy: Continuing to recommend mining energy with Australia’s top coal assets will benefit fully from the current round of global energy inflation, and the profitable contribution of the country will be in a fast-growing phase, continuing to recommend mining energy. According to our profit projections, the price will be collected as of July 29th.
0.97 x, 0.93x. Compared to the main coal companies listed in the port and the major offshore coal companies, the coal Australia valuation, we continue to view the only high-quality overseas coal assets with sustainable growth capacity and high-growth space-based energy-chemicals, and the projected net return profit for the period 2022-2024 is 28,865 million yuan and 345.78 yuan for the period 2022-2024.
Figure 46: The main offshore coal companies pb averaged 1.66 x, and the major economic downturn in Uttar Pradesh (1.08 x) was relatively underestimated 1) resulting in a significant decrease in coal prices; 2) the risk of an accident in the safe production of coal mines;
3) Risk of significant exchange rate fluctuations; 4) Risk of deterioration of Sino-Australian relations.
Member, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, who has been working in the coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade, has chaired the “13th-five” national coal survey and development planning study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations, and has been responsible for research in the coal sector at the CSP in June 2016.
Li Chunzi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, Research and Development Centre, research on large energy plates such as coal, electricity and natural gas.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.