Xu Xu Engineering Machinery: A rich, thin-haired King of Engineering Mechanics Core view: The company is in the head of the domestic engineering machinery and continues to benefit from a high industry climate cycle, basic balance sheet repair after 18 years of substantial impairment of assets.
When it comes back, 19 years will accelerate the release of profits, reflecting more accurately what the company actually does. Based on the judgement that the industry is still maintaining a high profile, and that the company’s profit margins are being repaired, we expect the company to realize a net profit of 3.2 billion yuan in 19 years, equivalent to only 9.8 x, which is undervalued.
Sales in the engineering and machinery industry are expected to continue to grow steadily throughout the year, and companies are expected to grow their heavyweight products faster than the industry is growing and the industry is in a stable position. In 2018, the domestic engineering and machinery market maintained strong growth, especially the company's “fist” product cranes, the industry as a whole.
According to our grass-roots research and the country’s 19-year capital investment, the crane industry is expected to grow by 30% over the 19-year-old period. The public sector, as the engine of the crane, will benefit fully from the growth of the industry and benefit from the increased concentration of the industry.
In addition, due to environmental surveillance in Xuzhou in the second half of 18 years, the production of castings such as pump valves, total equity/flow (million shares), etc., was restricted, affecting the volume of the company ' s cranes.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) The Division will introduce a new type of “country six” standard, and the need for upgrading due to environmental factors will extend to a maximum/minimum 12 months
In terms of opening hours, downstream work is well under way, confirming the high temperature of engineering machinery. Xu Engineering (000425) Industry 2018, despite weather reasons, has been operating at a rate of 82 per cent since January 19
Performance predicts a growth in corporate profits over 3 pct, which is a good indication of the need to start downstream. Moreover, crane applications are not limited to real estate and infrastructure, municipal engineering, environmental engineering, etc., need to be used as cranes.
Xu Xu's 3-quarterly report's performance card The company is actively setting up high-altitude platforms to further optimize the industrial structure.
High-altitude platform to take full advantage of the technological advantages accumulated in the prior period in lifting equipment, products to sustain high growth - 2018/10/30 Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425) 3-quarterly report forecast
Energy is available, and sales are expected to increase by more than 40% over the same year. Currently, high-altitude platforms are performing as expected, and it is expected that companies will continue to have lower penetration rates in the country, remain in the fast-growing industry, and companies are expected to seize the opportunities of industry growth.
Investment Recommendations: Based on a judgment of the upward trend in the engineering and machinery industry over the long term, we see that horizontal growth of companies has gradually increased the class of niches to become part of the world’s first-line engineering and machinery company.
Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X Xi X Xi X X X Xi X X X X Xi Xi X Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X X Xi Xi Xi X X X X Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X X X X X X X Xi X Xi X X X Xi Xi Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of industrial work experience, previous work in engineering machinery and automobiles, production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Institute, in April 2018, brought together Pacific securities to track industrial and corporate dynamics and look for expectations.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.