Performance forecast for 2018 exceeded expectations, and corporate profits remained open for growth: on 28 January, the company issued a performance forecast for 2018, which was expected to be achieved as a result of strong domestic capital and environmentally friendly equipment sales and export booms.
Sales in the engineering and machinery industry remained strong throughout the year, with companies expanding their stock of priority products, and the industry rising steadily. The domestic engineering and machinery market remained strong in 2018.
This represents an increase of 47.89%. A total of 32318 car cranes, 58.48% more than the previous year, representing about 45% of the total number of medium-sized Xu workers; a total of 14084 cranes, 29.60% more than the previous figure, with Xu Xu being the first.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Mine machinery, etc., companies’ products remain a national and global leader in a number of areas. To benefit from industry growth, with a “triple fee” of regulation, companies are expected to further open up profits.
Space. For many years in a row, the company has maintained a leading position in the crane industry, fully enjoying the dividends of industry growth, benefiting from a number of benefits, such as the construction of Yuan, the building of a short panel, and environmental upgrading equipment.
We judge that the crane industry is expected to continue its high profile for the next two years.
With the increase in cash inflows, interest income and reduced interest-bearing liabilities resulting from the rapid increase in sales, I am doing as expected, and looking forward to further growth in the company's four-quarter Māori rate, which is expected to rise further with 19 years of industry.
Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) reported a beautiful performance, corporate layout hydraulics and high-altitude platforms to further optimize the structure of the industry.
Keeping the industry at the top of the list, it is announced that $406 million of the non-publicly released fund-raising funds will be diverted to high-end fluid, pressure valve intelligence and industrial investment projects.
In addition, companies actively deploy high-altitude platforms, making full use of technological advantages accumulated in the prior period with regard to lifting equipment, and are more competitive in their products. High-altitude platforms, which have low penetration rates in the country, are still in high-speed development industries, and companies are expected to capture them.
There are opportunities for growth in the residential sector, creating new profit growth points. Investment proposals: Based on a judgment of the long-term trend upwards in the engineering and machinery industry, we see that horizontal growth of companies gradually increases the class of superiors, joining the world’s front-line engineering and machinery companies.
The performance forecast for 2018 is over-expected, corporate profitability is still over-expected, corporate profitability is over-expected.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related sectors. Financial industry has been in business for more than six years, and is represented by Robot Trends, among other things.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific in July 2017, is good at bottom-up capitalizing on investment opportunities.
IRC, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends, and has worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.