On the evening of 24 August, the Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services published its semi-annual report, and 22h1 achieved a net return/repatriation profit of two-wheel-drive high growth of power management chips and signal chain chips respectively.
The product generated an income of 1.1 billion yuan, an increase of 72.56 per cent over the same period, and a revenue of 548 million yuan for signal-chain products, an increase of 97.18 per cent over the same-year period, of which the share of signal-chain products increased to 33 per cent.
Increasing R & D inputs and launching new products. 22H1 R & D costs 260 million yuan, 67.1% more than the previous year, with R & D costs of 15.75%; R & D staff, 708 persons, accounting for the total number of company employees
High R & D inputs ensure that new products continue to be rolled out, and the company launched 36v/3a in the first half of the year, synchronized flow dc/dc, super-low-temperature drift, 0.1% accuracy, high-precision voltage benchmark, car compliance, 3.
Pressure base chip, high-speed comparisonr chip, power-borne route management and 16-digit model converter 1a low noise high prrldo, ultra low-power dc/dc pressure converter using the new structure, very small envelope low-power digital temperature sensor, built-in temperature sensor
Saladc, three-way exports of 1.2aamoled power source chips, etc., are a group of high-performance analog chip products, adding more than 300 new product types. Active market opening, downstream applications continue to expand.
Over \triangleright 4000, covering more than 20 broad categories of products, while actively exploring downstream markets, currently in downstream applications, including smartphones, communications, access to goods, smart homes, wearing devices, none
The rate of Maori fell slightly in the first quarter. The combined rate of Māori in 22q2 was 59.03 per cent compared to the rate of rain in the first quarter.
The Division has been active in restructuring its products and increasing the layout of high-end products in industry, automobiles and communications, and we believe that the share of medium- and high-end applications will increase as the product mix of companies continues to grow and new customers expand.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; industry competition is increasing; raw materials prices are rising; exchange rate risks; and risk is lifted.