Performance met expectations, product-based accelerated expansion - semi-annual report of the St. Paul stock (300661.sz)
Income of 1,651 million yuan, 80.39 per cent increase in the same year, net return to mother ' s profit of 540 million, performance of high-speed growth in both business plates, calculated at $876 million in operating income from company q2, a year-on-year increase
67.99 per cent, a 13 per cent increase in the ring, resulting in a net return to the mother of $280 million, which is an increase of $1.1 billion and $548 million, respectively, in the first half of the power management and signalling chain, an increase of 72.56 per cent and 97.18 per cent, respectively, and a Māori rate of 57.22 per cent, respectively.
On the other hand, 67% and 33% of signal chain and power management, respectively, continued high levels of R & D investment, with over 300 new items released in the first half of the year reaching 15.75% of revenue collection.
New products for property rights, including 36v/3a synchronised flow dc/dc, super-low temperature drift, 0.1% accuracy of high-precision voltage benchmarks, car-coded voltage benchmark chips, high-speed comparison chip, power-borne path management and 16-digit modifier monitoring
The St. Bond shares (300661) are rated as perfect for the booster charge chip, 1a low-noise psrrldo, top-up with the new structure, 2021, 2022 for the powerful start-up.
Low-power dc/dc pressure converter, mini-envelope low-power digital temperature sensor base 2022-04-23, internal temperature sensor saradc, 3-way output 1.2aamoled screen
Power chips, etc., currently developed by companies autonomously to produce more than 4,000 products for sale, covering more than 20 product categories. Equity incentives to bind core talent and lay the foundation for long-term sustainability
The company issued a 2022 stock options incentive plan (draft), to be awarded 10,000 shares, with a first-time offer of $133 per share, and a performance evaluation target date at the end of August 2022, with a subsequent amortization cost of 2664 for 22-26 years.
Helping companies to bind core talent to create downside industry risks in a talent-based mimicry industry, product R & D less than expected, industry competition to increase risk, overseas policy change, etc.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.