China’s development of nuclear power is in line with our national situation. Our energy consumption per unit of gdp is decreasing from year to year, but our economy is large and wants to clean up energy sources and replace coal-fired electricity generation with clean energy.
The company is the country's largest nuclear power developer, power, photovoltaic, and nuclear power has a clear advantage in the use of hours. According to official statistics, in mid-2019, China's nuclear power industry was the largest player.
The number of hours spent on nuclear power in mainland China (7346.22h) is hydropower (3726h), wind power (2082h), photovoltaic, 1.97 times, 3.53 times and 6.28 times more than China's nuclear power generation business (1169h), which is the controlling shareholder.
The only platform for eventual integration, the main product of which is electricity, which is managed by the Department of Public Administration, is a national share of the installed capacity for nuclear power, most of which have a single design capacity of more than 1.1gw.
By the end of the year, China’s continental nuclear power grid will have risen from 51.03gw to 98.2gw at the end of September 2020, a ratio of 3.35%; and its nuclear power generation will have reached 6.72% of total power generation in 2030. We believe that China’s current market value for Hiroshima represents the present value of future dividends, rather than the future company’s freeness.
From 2007 to 12 to 20 million yuan in corporate debt for 15 years or so. Assuming that the company’s dividend policy remains at 33% of the current company’s free cash flow, the public market value of the company represents the present value of dividends or the present value of the company’s free cash, mainly invested by the company.
The rate of return and the pace of growth of the main industry relative to the rest of the market reflect the extent to which investors recognize corporate free cash reinvesting. Historical data show that China’s Greater Nuclear Roe is performing moderately, with a more stable net profit than the previous year, and that companies continue to invest in the nuclear power industry at a slower rate of value than they can generate.
Other industries, such as pharmaceuticals, the Internet, where companies’ investment behaviour is yet to be recognized by the market, are important reasons why market value is only a reflection of the present value of the dividends. We believe that when the price of electricity rises and the cost of financing drops, the capacity to install increases faster.
For the first time, the company’s valuation will increase when long-term profits expand faster. The total equity/flowa share (million shares) is doubled.
1. The development of nuclear power is in line with national circumstances.
Our economies are large, taking into account the policy orientation of annual reductions in energy consumption per unit of gdp, replacing coal-fired electricity generation with clean energy, and according to the State Council ' s Development Research Centre, our total energy consumption will reach 5 billion tons of coal, 5.33 billion tons of standard coal, 5.68 billion tons of standard coal by 2020, 2025 and 2030, and by 2040 the total energy consumption will reach 6.1 billion tons of standard coal, slowly thereafter.
By 2050, our total energy consumption amounted to 6.06 billion tons of standard coal, as shown in table 1. We are a major energy consumer, but overall resources are limited, and many energy sources, such as oil and gas, still need to be imported. According to the current plan, the rate of clean energy has gradually declined, and the proportion of clean energy has gradually increased.
Renewable energy accounts for the largest share of renewable energy, accounting for 15.51% of the total energy supply, reaching 760 million tons of standard coal, 5.84 times as high as in 2020, as shown in table 2.
In comparison to hydropower, wind power, light voltage, nuclear power has a clear advantage in the use of hours. The statistical data published by the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association, the Energy Agency and the China-China Telecommunications Union are aggregated. In 2019, the number of hours spent on nuclear power on mainland China (7346.22h) was 1.97 times greater than the amount spent on hydropower (3726h), wind (2082h), photovolt (1169h), 3.53 times, and 6.28 times more.
On the whole, we believe that nuclear power will take over the next decade or so to clean up our base charge power. As of 8 November 2020, China’s mainland region had 49 nuclear power units, with a combined capacity of 51.02gw: Taiwan Province has four nuclear power units, with a total capacity of 3.844gw, two shut-down units, and two construction units (Longmen 1, 2).
The group has 53 units, with a combined capacity of 54.86gw, as shown in table 3. We expect that, by the end of 2030, the total number of nuclear power units delivered on our mainland will have reached 89, 98.2gw, or 3.35 per cent of capacity; the ratio of nuclear power generation to 6.72 per cent in 2030. As a result of a more rigorous approval process for nuclear power projects, actual progress or deviations from our expectations will have been achieved.
To date, China has managed 24 nuclear power units in transit (including joint units) and six in construction (including management by controlling shareholders), all located in the mainland region. At 27.14gw, which is 53.2 per cent in the mainland region, it is located in Guangdong (Ooya Bay, Qingao, Qingdong, Yangjiang, Taishan), Guangxi (Port of Defence), Fujian (Ningde) and Liaoning (Ring River, Alliance); and at 7.1gw.
They are distributed in Guangxi (ports 3 and 4), Liaoning (Red River 5, 6, Alliance) and Guangdong (Pilling 1, 2 and 2 in Huezhou, entrusted with management).
As the construction of nuclear power projects in urban ports Nos. 3 and 4 progresses, we anticipate that the operational capacity of nuclear power in corporate holdings will increase from the current level of 22.67gw to 25.03gw by the end of 2022, and that in 2020-2022, the nuclear power units in corporate holdings will achieve, respectively, a “recommended” rating of 1,54,559 million kwh of online electricity, and the importance of corporate nuclear power for the clean-up of our energy sources, among other things.
The present market value of the company's future dividends is reflected in the company's present value.
We believe that China’s current market value is the present value of future dividends. The company’s free cash flow from the build-up of the aircraft (which does not include nuclear power units held by major shareholders) is around $30 billion a year, and, based on the current distribution of the company’s dividends, is about 100 dollars a year to calculate the company’s fair market value, resulting in a value of about $6.85 a share.
The value of the company’s market is whether the present value of dividends or the present value of free cash is determined by the rate of return on its investments and by the rate of growth relative to other industries, in contrast to the extent to which investors agree to reinvest in free cash. Historical data show that China’s Guangkerroe is performing medium and net profit is proportional to the rate of increase.
In a more stable situation, companies continue to invest in nuclear power majors at a slower rate than in other industries, and their investment behaviour is yet to be recognized by the market, with a slightly lower valuation level. In terms of profitability, the company is in a nuclear power industry of about 9.2%, and in 275 medium-class four sub-lines, the important reason for the value of the red is shown in figures 1 and 2.
Higher electricity prices, lower financing costs drive more roe and higher corporate valuations when rapid growth in installed capacity leads to a rapid expansion of profit volume. The company’s valuation is largely supported by future revenues from nuclear power projects, and against this background, rising electricity prices will directly drive higher corporate receivables; lower interest rates, lower corporate financial costs, lower liquidity, and higher present value of future project revenues; faster growth in installed capacity is moving future gains.
Today, in terms of monetary time value, the same gains are always higher today than they are tomorrow. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is figure 1: net return on nuclear power and other industries (roe) compared (in %)
Figure 2: China’s net profits and growth unit (%) of electricity prices, cost of corporate financing, pace of construction of nuclear power projects, or low expectations.
China Guangwoo (003816) Rewarding a stable clean energy provider, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Guangwoo, China (003816): clean energy supplier with a steady return
Shen Yifan was invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Traffic Congress.
Master of Science, University of Cornell, and Bachelor of Arts, University of New York, who worked in China for the construction of the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, participated in the design of various types of power stations, including fire power, nuclear power, hydropower, combustion engines, photovoltaics, wind power, garbage power generation, etc., and in July 2018, joined the Association of Eastern Xinxian analysts for their own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.