Incidents: On 29 October, Jiangsu Bank released 24q3 performances. 24q1-3 generated $62.3 billion, or 6.2%; mother ' s net profit was $28.2 billion, or 10.1%; poor rate was 0.89%; mother ' s net profit continued to grow at double-digit rates. Jiangsu Bank ' s 24q1-3 battalion received +6.2% more.
\triangleright 0.3 pct, net interest income sustained positive year-on-year growth or largely benefited from a more positive expansion in asset size.
The relatively low share of revenue generated has had a relatively limited impact on revenue collection; 24q1-3 other non-interestable income has increased the rate of expansion of assets over the same period, with strong growth in public credit.
The \triangleright rate is stable and the risk countervailing capacity is sufficient.
3. The three-quarterly reporting points of Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) in 2023 showed a slight decrease of 6bp. The level of provision is still at a high level and the risk offset capacity is strong.
4. Evaluation of the Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) incident: three main units
Thanks to the steady growth of the local economy and the advantages of the industrial base, Jiangsu Bank maintained a robust growth stance in public operations, with a positive expansion in asset size laying a good foundation for growth in its revenues; poor rates remained low, \triangleright
Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 24q3 increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest income as at 24q3 and net fee income increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 3: Jiangsu Bank ' s other non-interest income as at 24q3 increased at the same rate (cumulative)
Figure 4. Jiangsu Bank ' s total assets and total liabilities as at 24q3 increased on a year-on-year basis. Figure 5: Bank loans at the end of 24q3 increased at the beginning of the year. Figure 6: Bank of Jiangsu ' s rate of non-performing loans at the end of 24q3
Figure 7: Receivables from Jiangsu Bank up to the end of 24q3
Figure 8: Receivables from Jiangsu Bank up to the end of 24q3 and adjusted calculus of coverage indicator Figure 9: Bank Jiangsu credit ratio up to the end of 24h1
Receivables, resulting in adjustments in the crediting ratio of the indicator Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.