休闲服务
中国中免(601888) Q3 点评
评级:
口岸免税增长强劲 离岛承压静待花开
日期:
事件描述
三季度营收、净利润均下滑，利润端持续承压
2024 年 10 月 30 日,中国中免发布 2024 年第三季度报告,2024Q1-Q3 公
: hexiaomin@w kzq.com.cn
司营业收入 430.21 亿元/yoy-15.4%; 归母净利润 39.2 亿元/yoy-24.7%。
2024Q3 来看,公司营收 117.56 亿元/yoy-21.5%; 归母净利润为 6.36 亿元
/yoy-52.5%, 公司在收入和利润方面承压明显。
事件点评
毛利率回落，销售费用上升，整体投入力度加大
2024Q3 公司毛利率 32.0%, 同比下降 2.4%; 财务费用率-1.6%, 同比下降
0.1%; 公司销售/管理/研发费用率分别为 18.4%/4.0%/0.1%, 分别同 比提升
0.56/0.48/0.01pct。在离岛免税政策尚未放开免税经营国产酒水品类背景下,
公司强化完税创新业务模式在旅游零售市场作用。2024年9月19日,旅游
零售渠道首家五粮液专卖店在三亚国际免税城开业。公司在 2024Q3 加大对
营销、管理、研发等方面的投入力度，导致销售费用率的同比提升与毛利率的
同比下降。
口岸免税销售强劲，中免持续受益于市场复苏
受益于免签政策和国际航班恢复，口岸免税表现出色，公司于北京和上海机
场的免税店收入分别同比增长超过 140%和近 60%，公司前三季度通过引进
相关研究
165 个新品牌,特别是超过 40%的国产品牌,显示出消费者对国潮产品的认
▶ 《24H1 点评口岸渠道持续修复 有望率先
可。总体来看，中免在市内和口岸免税市场均呈现积极发展态势。
受益市内政策落地》(2024/9/5)
受季节性台风影响，海南离岸免税销售承压
▶ 《好风凭借力:中免的底牌是什么?》
受 9 月份台风影响,海南客流量和免税销售额均有所承压。根据海口海关的
(2024/5/17)
数据, 2024Q1-Q3 海南离岛免税销售额为 240 亿元人民币/yoy-31.3%, Q1-
Q3 海南离岛免税购物人次 446.6 万人次/yoy-14.9%。其中, 9 月海南 离岛免
税购物人次 30.2 万人次/yoy-40.0%。
1、免税政策变化;
2、居民消费复苏不及预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
投资建议
我们认为公司短期内离岛免税需求仍待恢复，市内政策利好逐步落实，增强公司先发优势。
海南增量项目有序推进，出入境免税业务回暖，中国中免有望受益。
亿元, EPS 分别为 2.87/3.41/3.71 元。参考 2024 年 11 月 5 日收盘价 72.90 元/股, 对应最
新 PE 分别为 25.4/21.4/19.7, 维持公司评级为“持有”。
1、免税政策变化;
2、居民消费复苏不及预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
主要财务指标
财务报表及指标预测
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
规渠道；（ii）本报告分析逻辑基于作者的职业理解，并清晰准确地反映了作者的研究观点；（iii）本报告结论不受任何第三方的授意或影响；（iv）
不存在任何利益冲突; (v) 英文版翻译若与中文版有所歧义,以中文版报告为准;特此声明。
一般声明
五矿证券有限公司（以下简称“本公司”）具有中国证监会批复的证券投资咨询业务资格。本公司不会因接收人收到本报告即视其为客户，本报告仅在
相关法律许可的情况下发放，并仅为提供信息而发放，概不构成任何广告。本报告的版权仅为本公司所有，未经本公司书面许可，任何机构和个人不
机构（以下简称“该机构”）发送本报告，则由该机构独自为此发送行为负责。
本报告所载的资料、意见及推测仅反映本公司于发布本报告当日的判断，本报告所指的证券或投资标的的价格、价值及投资收入或将产生波动；在不
同时期，本公司可发出与本报告所载资料、意见及推测不一致的报告；本公司不保证本报告所含信息保持在最新状态。同时，本公司对本报告所含信
息可在不发出通知的情形下做出修改，投资者应当自行关注相应的更新或修改。
何保证，也不保证所包含信息和建议不发生任何变更。本公司已力求报告内容的客观、公正，但文中的观点、结论和建议仅供参考，不包含作者对证
券价格涨跌或市场走势的确定性判断。在任何情况下，报告中的信息或意见不构成对任何人的投资建议，投资者据此做出的任何投资决策与本公司和
作者无关。在任何情况下，本公司、本公司员工或者关联机构不承诺投资者一定获利，不与投资者分享投资收益，也不对任何人因使用本报告中的任
何内容所引致的任何损失负任何责任。本公司及作者在自身所知情范围内，与本报告中所评价或推荐的证券不存在法律法规要求披露或采取限制、静
默措施的利益冲突。
五矿证券版权所有。保留一切权利。
特别声明
在法律许可的情况下，五矿证券可能会持有本报告中提及公司所发行的证券并进行交易，也可能为这些公司提供或争取提供投资银行、财务顾问和金
融产品等各种金融服务。因此，投资者应当考虑到五矿证券及/或其相关人员可能存在影响本报告观点客观性的潜在利益冲突，投资者请勿将本报告
视为投资或其他决定的唯一参考依据。
联系我们
地址：深圳市南山区滨海大道 3165 号五矿金融
震旦国际大厦 30 楼
大厦 23 层
C 座 3F
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
Analyst Certification
The research analyst is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part. The analyst has the Securities Investment Advisory
Certification granted by the Securities Association of China. Besides, the analyst independently and objectively issues this report holding a diligent
attitude. We hereby declare that (1) all the data used herein is gathered from legitimate sources; (2) the research is based on analyst's professional
understanding, and accurately reflects his/her views; (3) the analyst has not been placed under any undue influence or intervention from a third
party in compiling this report; (4) there is no conflict of interest; (5) in case of ambiguity due to the translation of the report, the original version in
Chinese shall prevail.
Investment Rating Definitions
General Disclaimer
Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. (or "the company") is licensed to carry on securities investment advisory business by the Chin a Securities Regulatory
Commission. The Company will not deem any person as its client notwithstanding his/her receipt of this report. The report is issued only under
permit of relevant laws and regulations, solely for the purpose of providing information. The report should not be used or considered as an offer or
the solicitation of an offer to sell, buy or subscribe for securities or other financial instruments. The information presented in the report is under the
copyright of the company. Without the written permission of the company, none of the institutions or individuals shall duplicate, copy, or redistribute
any part of this report, in any form to any other institutions or individuals. The party who quotes the report should contact the company directly to
request permission, specify the source as Equity Research Department of Minmetals Securities, and should not make any change to the information
in a manner contrary to the original intention. The party who re-publishes or forwards the research report or part of the report shall indicate the
issuer, the date of issue, and the risk of using the report. Otherwise, the company will reserve its right to taking legal action. If any other institution
(or "this institution") redistributes this report, this institution will be solely responsible for its redistribution. The information, opinions, and inferences
herein only reflect the judgment of the company on the date of issue. Prices, values as well as the returns of securities or the underlying assets
herein may fluctuate. At different periods, the company may issue reports with inconsistent information, opinions, and inferences, and does not
guarantee the information contained herein is kept up to date. Meanw hile, the information contained herein is subject to change without any prior
notice. Investors should pay attention to the updates or modifications. The analyst wrote the report based on principles of independence, objectivity,
fairness, and prudence. Information contained herein was obtained from publicly available sources. How ever, the company makes no warranty of
accuracy or completeness of information, and does not guarantee the information and recommendations contained do not change. The company
strives to be objective and fair in the report's content. However, opinions, conclusions, and recommendations herein are only for reference, and do
not contain any certain judgments about the changes in the stock price or the market. Under no circumstance shall the information contained or
opinions expressed herein form investment recommendations to anyone. The company or analysts have no responsibility for any investment
decision based on this report. Neither the company, nor its employees, or affiliates shall guarantee any certain return, share any profits with
investors, and be liable to any investors for any losses caused by use of the content herein. The company and its analysts, to the extent of their
aw areness, have no conflict of interest which is required to be disclosed, or taken restrictive or silent measures by the law s with the stock evaluated
or recommended in this report.
Minmetals Securities Co. Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
Special Disclaimer
Permitted by law s. Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. may hold and trade the securities of companies mentioned herein, and may provide or seek to
provide investment banking, financial consulting, financial products, and other financial services for these companies. Therefore, investors should
be aw are that Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. or other related parties may have potential conflicts of interest which may affect the objectivity of the
report. Investors should not make investment decisions solely based on this report.
Contact us
Shanghai
Shenzhen
Address: 30/F, Zhendan International
Address: 23F, Minmetals Financial Center,
Building, No.99 Fucheng Road, Lujiazui
3165 Binhai Avenue, Nanshan District,
ChaoyangmenNorth Street, Dongcheng
District, Beijing
Street, Pudong New District, Shanghai
Shenzhen