The lithium industry (002460.sz) — annual reviews, low lithium prices are dragging performance, lithium resource layout is in harvest, and on the other hand, it is the loss of fair value due to the decline in the price of the Piibara held, the company.
In the area of profit distribution, a gold dividend of $1.5 (including taxes) is to be found for every 10 shares of all shareholders, with a total year's adjustment and optimization of its business objectives, and the project plans to upgrade and develop in the future through the mineral extraction process.
Underground mining, among other things, has further reduced its production costs; the lithium carbonate project, which produced 40,000 tons per year in Lake Salt 2cachari, is progressing well, with production reaching 254,000 tons of lce in 2024, and is scheduled to be officially operational in February 2025: (4) the Goulamina project, which plans to produce 506,000 tons of lithium quartz mineral energy per year.
Production has been completed and capacity will be released gradually in 2025; the construction of the Argentine pg lithium salt lake project is still in the process of preparation; the 6-Engang-Six-Eung Pong pine stump project is in the process of being built and is currently being carried out with a mining licence;7 and the Mongol-Mun-Kin mine, with a lithium tantalum mine, is in the process of being built
The first phase of the project, the 600,000 tonnes/year selection project, completed and qualified for safe production, is expected to be completed by 2025 with the capacity to climb up the slopes and gradually reach production.
Lithium salt deep processing: To date, the company has formed about 150,000 tonnes or more of lithium salt in the country.
“The lithium industry (002460.sz) has three quarterly reviews: three-quarter profits on lithium salt products.” The lithium industry (002460.sz) has semi-annual reviews: lithium resources continue to make a breakthrough.
Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of the “better than the big market” rating. The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) achieved high-profit growth in 2022, with a chain of 35/21/16x for the whole industry. Given that the company is the world's best-quality lithium company, closed lithium is now built
Ecosystems, with many high-quality lithium resource configurations around the world, grow up to be very promising, with a “better than the big market” rating. Lithium prices drag down, and sales of lithium salt rise rapidly.
Millions of yuan, i.e. 141.93 per cent of the same amount; net interest on non-contribution - 887 million yuan, i.e. 133.16 per cent of the same amount; operating activities due to a marked decline in the price of lithium salt and, on the other hand, to a fall in the price of the pilbara shares held by the company; and losses of approximately 479 million yuan in terms of impairment of assets are also envisaged at the end of the year.
In the lithium business, the company's power storage capacity, thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-th-thi-thi-th-th-thi-thi-th-thi-th-thi-th-thi-th-th-th-thi-th-th-thi-thi-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-this-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-this-
(b) Project 900,000 tonnes/year combined lithium quartz mineral was able to adapt its business objectives in 2024 to reduce the project ' s capital expenditure and production operating costs by reducing real output, and the project plans to further reduce its production costs in the future, including through the upgrading of the mining process and the development of underground mining;2
Production of 8,500 tonnes of lce in the fourth quarter of 2024, with a single-season output of about 85% nominally designed energy, the project plans to produce 30-35 million tonnes of lce in 2025, and the project plans to add a model line with a capacity of 5,000 tonnes of lce to the primary capacity base, which will partly be based on direct lithium lifting technology.
Preparations for the planning of phase II capacity: 3 Argentina ' s Mariana lithium salt lake, with an annual production of 20,000 tons of lithium chloride, was officially launched in February 2025 and is expected to stabilize the supply of lithium chloride products in the second half of the year; 4 gooulamina, with a planned annual production of 506,000 tons of lithium quartz mineral energy in the first phase of the lithium quartz project, is now in production, 2025
Gradual release of productive capacity: construction of the pine stubble lake pistachio project in pyrotechnics is still in the process of preparation: 6 Jiangxi, which is currently under construction and is being explored and mined licence: 60.000 tonnes per year of construction of the titanium/year-selection project in the Mongol mine in Mongolia 7
The company intends to expand the capacity of lithium salt deep processing to meet the growing demand for lithium in order to consolidate the leadership of the lithium product industry. To date, the company has formed a domestic industry of about 150,000 tonnes or more.
The production capacity of lithium salt products, combined with the capacity of 40,000 tons of lce in the Argentine cauchari salt lake and 20,000 tons of lithium chloride in the Mariana salt lake, has reached a total capacity of over 200,000 tons of lce. In 2024, the Fong City project produced an annual production capacity of 25,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, which marked the company’s first attempt to climb the slope and move towards production.
The construction of the smart manufacturing plant was successful; the Sichuan project, which produced 50,000 tons of lithium salt per year, was completed by the end of 2024 and is now in the process of being tested on the production line; Ningdu, which has further improved the quality of the product; and the new surplus, which has been continuously automated to reduce the efficiency of the process, with significant efficiency gains in the battery-grade lithium fluorine process.
Lower-stream lithium cell operations: The company currently has lithium cell research and development and production bases in Nishiyu, Ningbo, Su, Huaizhou, Chongqing, etc. Lithium cell power: available for use in commercial areas such as heavy-carat, light-carriage logistics, and bus sanitation. Consumer-type and polymer-based lithium batteries: the battery is built in Jiangxi Xinyu, Guangdong Hue, etc.
The polymer lithium battery production line, which is currently 130 w/day large, is used mainly for tws headphones, mobile phones, chargers, laptops and tablets. In the field of storage power, the battery is involved in several large-scale photovoltaic storage projects, energy projects with more than 500 mwh, etc., and in total applications in domestic and overseas markets.
Robot power: 324 whh batteries produced by the new edge electron research and development, full of production, can produce 600 robotic batteries a day, which have been used in products such as four-legged robotics, man-shaped robots. In addition, companies are actively involved in technological development in the field of global frontier solid batteries.
It has also produced a range of technical results, with the company developing a high-level energy cell energy density of 420wh/kg, a circulation life of over 700 times and a sample of 500wh/kg, which can be tested for stringent safety tests such as 200°C hot box and needle pricks.
Table 2: Lithium battery project under preparation and under construction by the company's controlling subsidiary, Lithium Batteries Recovery Operations: The company has now built several decomposition and regeneration bases in Jiangxi, Nisuyu, Sichuanda, etc., with a total capacity of 200,000 tons for the integrated recovery of decommissioned lithium ion batteries and metal waste, of which lithium is integrated
Co-recovery rates of more than 90% and recovery rates of more than 95% for nickel and cobalt metals have become one of China's top three battery recovery industry head companies with the largest recovery capacity for lithium phosphate batteries and waste. Companies continue downstream by expanding the capacity of lithium battery recovery operations and their expertise in recycling and reuse of decommissioned batteries
In the long run, the ability of companies to recover lithium from lithium batteries will be 30% of the company’s total lithium production. The closed lithium ecosystem has been built, with many high-quality lithium resource layouts around the world, and growth is worthwhile.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.