In the context of the new developments in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, corporate combined professional capabilities and platform values have been gaining prominence since 2018.
In the context of deleveraging and house occupancy, it is difficult to sustain the expansion of returns through increased financial leverage, rapid contraction of leverage dividends, slow contraction of land dividends, and the gradual shift in competition from finance and countercyclical to multi-investment, integrated professional and managerial competencies.
With excellent operational management efficiency, outstanding investment capacity, and a number of leading professional competencies, the competitive advantage will gradually be highlighted in the larger industry trend of “totalization across the board, structural fragmentation, and lower profit margins.” Real estate owners will develop robustly, and the deep iron “orbit + real estate” model and “integrated urban investment” will guarantee sustainability.
1) In real-estate sales, the company sold $318 billion in 2020h1 and the scale of sales continued to be steady in the industry, using the urban deep-farming strategy, with a single-city sales of $9 billion in late 2019, leading the industry; 2) land resources, with land being focused on the second line, the cost of flooring is manageable, with a new floor price of $6252 in 2019.
Ping, while the decolonization cycle has stabilized at a reasonable level of three years, the strategy is gradually moving from a procyclical to a full cycle; 3) In the land acquisition model, future companies may have continued access to high-quality project resources in the field by working with the iron “orbit plus property” model and the “integrated investment model” of large investment agreements with central city municipalities.
• Pluralization of business, building real estate platform management companies. Since 2014, companies have been actively exploring diversity of business, building real estate platform management companies.
One of the programmes, which in 2019 generated 12.7 billion dollars, combined strength kept the industry in the forefront, with business forming residential and commercial logistics: 10,86 million rentable areas in 2019, followed only by the city of Prolos, which, given the equity value of Prolos China, was valued at around 80.4 billion yuan; 3) Indian Group: 2019
At 9 million locations a year, the combined strength of the industry tot4 was valued at about 54 billion; 4) the apartment: close to 110,000 apartments were rented by the Chief Executive at the end of 2019, managing more than 200,000 apartments and leading large numbers. Huanko started leading the business in a number of real estate subdivisions, such as property, logistics, commerce, and long-rented apartments.
Vankoa (00002): Māori drops slightly, new Vankoa (00002): performance meets expectations, soil deposits are initially presented as a platform, taking into account the firm ' s sustainable property owners and the full rise of new business.
1. Over the next three years, the basics of the industry have been characterized by “high-volume sales across the board, structural divisions highlighted, sales downgraded, stable, low-māori trends”, with an expected sales area of 1.7 billion square metres in real estate in 2020-2022.
2. Benefiting from shareholder resource locking and combined professional competence, the rate of downtime of corporate property development settlements has been slower, leading the industry, the property plate has shifted from a growth-accelerating to a platform-based company.
The market view is that sales are not flexible enough to enjoy a valuation advantage. From an analysis of the industry’s competitive patterns, we consider that sales elasticity is not sustainable for any single home company, and that multiple investment finance capabilities, combined professional competencies and excellent management rates are sustainable and are the real value of the enterprise, and that the value of the valuation benefits should be sustained for the medium to long term for all firms.
The market view focuses mainly on the absolute floor costs of the company, less on the modes of cooperation with the Shenzhen subway and on the lock-in model of the Central Heart City Resources, and we analyse these two points from multiple angles, or on the points where future resources are locked and sustained.
With the analysis and valuation of several operational sub-plans, such as the Vanco Property Industry, Logistics, Commerce, and Long Rented Apartments, Huanko will, over the long term, develop into a multi-line investment platform for real estate, with considerable scope for development in a number of areas.
The Shenzhen subway has landed on a more cooperative track-plus property project with the company. 3,000 kko and the central city integrated investment cooperation model have landed in other cities, and we have adopted the segment valuation method, which gives a sub-value of $133.5 billion and $80.4 billion, respectively, to the Vanko property and logistics sections.
At $34.46 per share of real estate development business, taking into account the interests of diversified business, the company ' s diversified business can contribute a total value of $16,5.8 billion and the major real estate development industry of $38,95.5 billion, with a combined market value of approximately $55.53 billion.
1.1 Industry development into management dividend (1978-2003): The start-up phase of the real estate sector was centred on housing system reform, which was first proposed by Deng Xiaoping in 1978 to allow private housing construction, and led to housing system reform: first officially introduced by the Central Bank in 1980
The first open land auction in Shenzhen marked the beginning of a fundamental change in the land-use system in the country: the 1988 amendment to the Constitution, which allowed land concessions to be made in instalments throughout the country, and the opening of the real estate market; and the 1994 State Council's determination that the basic elements of home conversion would be “triple to four”: the national closure of housing allocation in 1998 and the monetization of housing, to
A fundamental transformation of the housing system in China's towns and cities has taken place, but in the course of the implementation of the reforms, there has been a serious breakdown and loss of control: between 1998 and 2003, the central side continued to promote the reform of the housing system and, on the one hand, increased its involvement in the real estate market and the extension of its construction.
The Ministry of Housing and Construction of the “Six Kingdoms” declares:
It's in kind, and it's stopped all over the country.
It's officially denied. "The Four Laws of the Nation." "The Eleven."
The second housing reform program has been replaced by a new country, a new country, a new country in September.
“Five Articles of the Nation” were written in 20 Articles of the National Constitution for the year in question.”
Land and financial dividend period (2003-2016): The real estate sector’s gold period was driven mainly by the land dividend and financial bonus. In 2003, in the context of the SARS epidemic, the State Council submitted in document No. 18 that “the real estate sector has become the backbone of the national economy” and that the first investment in real estate development in the country in the same year was in the region of $1 trillion, an increase of 29.7% over the same year.
On the one hand, the industry enjoyed a land dividend: land prices went through a more visible upswing phase at this stage, as well as in the early stages.
Within each square metre of the dollar, there has been a marked decline in the same rate of increase. The main reasons behind this are, on the one hand, the declining demographic dividend and the declining rate of population growth, and, on the other hand, the current rate of urbanization in the country, which is now over 60% as the urbanization process progresses, and on the other hand, the rate of rural population entering the city will gradually decline in the future.
On the other hand, the industry enjoys a financial leverage dividend: real estate, as a capital-intensive industry, has a natural financial attribute. From buying land to selling and selling after selling services, the entire process of real estate is inextricably linked to finance, because the industry needs a lot of money.
In particular, during the pre-industrial expansion phase, many housing companies used to use leverage to speed up the hoarding of markets, and asset-debt ratios in the real estate development industry have risen to nearly 80% of the average. But, as industrial policy margins have continued to tighten in recent years, there has been constant pressure on the industry’s financing end.
In particular, since 2017, when the deleveraging policy was implemented, the early (2014-2016) stockholdings, such as the ever-largest, Bézione Gardens, all face significant debt-end pressures. Given the sustainability and irreversibility of future industrial policies, the definancialization of the real estate sector has become a trend and the period of leverage dividends has disappeared.
The 2008 global financial crisis helped shift domestic monetary policy towards easing, and home price movements showed a clear positive correlation with monetary easing. By choosing the year 05-17, data confirmed that house prices were positively related to the same ratio of m1 and to the same trend of m2, which was due to the influx of money into real estate after the currency overhang.
The market, which drives up housing prices, also strengthens the investment attributes of real estate, induces more capital into it, and strengthens the price cycle. As monetary policy targets become more precise, the probability of monetary easing continues to be low in the future, followed by one step to curb the financial attributes of real estate.
The scale of capital increases is matched by the nominal rate of GDP growth” macro-regulation targets, and as the country moves into a new phase of high-quality development, the gdp boosters will slow down and lead to a synchronized decline of m2/m1 with the rate of increase. Over the past two years, the “household-free” industrial policy limits have been added, there is limited scope for a significant increase in housing prices in the future, and the investment attributes of real estate are under considerable pressure.
The real estate sector, after experiencing land dividends and financial dividends, is now entering a new phase of development in the management dividend period. At this stage, a leanly run housing company will emerge, gradually replacing a coarse housing enterprise, leading to an increase in the concentration of head-hold housing in the industry.
At the corporate governance level, the second is corporate governance and team management. At the business level, the management dividend is far from being limited to “operating”, increasing asset turnover rates, but more testing of synergies, from getting land to financing to asset operations. At the corporate governance level, the management dividend is about implementing shareholder orientation and promoting business decision-making and shareholder interests.
So, at a time when the dividends from the industry are being diluted, the ability of housing companies to run their own business becomes even more important and is fundamental to creating a performance that is better than the social average.
China’s real estate sector is currently undergoing a high-level process, with sales stable at around 1.7 billion square metres in the last three years. In 1999-2017, the Chinese real estate sector grew rapidly from 134 million square metres to 1,694 million square metres, with cagr as high as 15.1%, while the real estate sector remained at about 1.7 billion square metres in 2017-2019, entering the high-plate period.
Overall, the current property cycle is still downwards, with cyclical ironing, and the industry faces a downward trend in the short term, with population growth and mobility still supporting the future development of the industry in the long run. As a result of the high rate of Maori, however, as the government continues to regulate the price of new housing and the cost of land rises freely, long-term settlements are seen.
Māori rates are back on their downward trend again. Up to $7,323/pint, capr was up to 13.2%, and land prices grew at a higher rate than housing prices, weakening the industry’s gross interest rate levels, mainly due to two factors: 1) Centrally regulated property policies have become increasingly tight in recent years.
(b) On the other hand, the housing policy does not directly affect the land market; the land market remains hot and the land yield is declining as local finance, taking into account the fact that in the short term the housing policy is still on the front line, and the Maori rate in the future is still on the rise.
Population growth and mobility are the main sources of demand for consumer housing. However, population is a slow medium- and long-term variable that can hardly be used to explain changes in short-term demand.
Growth has stagnated since 2010, and has even declined since 2014, and there has been a systematic decline in the volume of merchandise sales in recent years, but the overall upper-sector dynamic is still long-term. On the one hand, there is still room for improvement in the rate of urbanization in the future.
With 848 million people, the rate of urbanization is 60.6%. Even considering that the statistical office's urban resident statistics refer mainly to the population living in towns for more than six months, and do not include the population living in urban cities for a short period of time, there is a certain underestimation of the rate of urbanization in the current official statistics, and the actual rate of urbanization in the country will be higher.
On the other hand, with the implementation of the new urbanization strategy, nearly 200 million new generations of rural people will emerge as permanent citizens from the previous generation’s “waiting bird migration.” The majority of these new citizens will be concentrated in developed urban circles, where employment opportunities are high.
Second, there are still structural opportunities for population movements. According to the guidance issued by the National Development and Reform Commission on the development and modernization of urban circles, a number of fast-growing modern urban circles will emerge by 2022 and will be in place by 2035.
In a number of urban circles with global reach, we now have many urban clusters, such as the long triangle and the sea. Because of regional imbalances and differences in the level of urban development, our real-estate market has entered an era of regional polarization, with a steady population flowing into cities with strong industrial and economic growth.
State, Nanjing, Chengdu, etc.) There has been an increase in the area of sale of merchandise houses, and there are still structural real estate sales associated with population movements. Figure 15: Sustained influx of people in priority cities supports growth in sales of merchandise houses.
The development of densely populated metropolitan areas has shown that the public transport priority model (tod), with urban orbital transport as its backbone, can efficiently connect surrounding towns and urban clusters, increasing the efficient supply of central urban housing and reducing the cost of living. According to estimates, by 2020, the total urban orbital transport mileage is expected to nearly double that of 2015, which will be large.
Second, active participation in the housing rental market can also provide new citizens with more affordable housing. Leases are the main way to solve housing problems in major cities, such as New York, Tokyo, London, with 56%, 54%, and 50% respectively.
The importance of rents in solving the housing problems of urban dwellers was highlighted in the following observations on accelerating the nurturing and development of the housing rental market and the promotion of 100 million non-residents in urban settlements. The rental market also exists, with a large number of city-backed demand released in addition to housing demand.
The emerging real estate and service sectors, such as old age, logistics, education, vacations, entrepreneurship, etc., are just beginning. The above-mentioned new business combination is equivalent to the creation of a new real estate sector. The experience of developed countries shows that the hub of the broader real estate sector, and its contribution to economic development after the economy has matured.
Not only will the supply not be eroded by gradual abundance, but it will be further strengthened by a variety of derivative services. Figure 16: Real estate extends to the entire life cycle of the population. 1.3 “Houseless housing” shapes a new and long-term pattern of the industry.
“Why Houses?”: Since the de-inclusion of real estate stock in 2014, many cities have been in a state of under-requirement, resulting in rising leverage and house prices. In 2014-2016, the Central Economic Workshop for risk prevention was first introduced at the end of 2016, in the context of the national average sales of merchandise houses, which increased at the same rate.
The real estate sector has since entered a new regulatory cycle (as opposed to 2016, where multiple dimensions have limited housing finance). Against this background, the real estate sector has seen a decline in leverage, but a limited decline.
At the same time, the credit quality of the industry has increased, with some small and medium-sized housing firms facing liquidity pressures that are partly profitable and financially aggressive. “Why can they live in a house?”: the same rate of growth in the country's merchandise houses since the adoption of the “houses in the house” policy in 2016 has slowed significantly earlier, but the curve has gradually levelled off after 2018, at a reasonable level of more than 5 per cent, reflecting the fact that
Thus, given that current demand still matches supply, the conditions for the implementation of the “shelter-free” policy are still met, and, in the light of recent central bank attitudes, it is expected that future “shelter-free” will remain the main line of real estate policy. “What's the impact of housing-freeness?”
Of course, only overseas financing has room for liberal growth, but this share is not high, and the country’s high levels for the period 2015-2017 in July 19 have declined significantly. In the current context of national policy regulation of the real estate sector, most financial institutions have tightened their lending policies to real estate firms, and real estate firms are increasingly opening up new sources of financing, including credit.
But the financing situation has been further limited. Since the outbreak of Codiv-19 in 2020, the shortage of supply and demand has led to a slowdown in the economy, with real estate as the bottom-up economy.
This year’s real estate policy has not continued to tighten marginally, but has, on the contrary, become more positive at the local level. In the most recent government reports, the policy references to real estate have been somewhat positive.
For example, in Shenzhen, government intervention in hot spots where housing prices have risen has recently been heavily scrutinized for excessive second-hand house prices and actual occupancy of a degree. In the larger context of “shelter-free” housing, leading to a further development of the leading housing business. On the one hand, policy regulation has led to pre-sale price regulation.
Controls are tightening, which directly affects the sales and profits performance of housing firms; on the other hand, the land market is not subject to policy constraints and competes more intensely, further squeezing the level of the industry's Māori rate.
The comparative advantage of Huanko has been strengthened once again in the context of “household-free” finance, where the financing costs of Huanko are low, with a 3.11% income ratio in 2019 (capitalization interest + financial costs) down 0.91pp from 2018.
The increase in industry concentration is further reflected by the fact that the rate of return net profit markets has remained stable for the years 2014-2019, with the rate clearly exceeding that of sales. In summary, housing firms have been working against a background of industry and industry policy since 2018, in a context of deleveraging and house occupancy.
The relative competitiveness of housing firms is increasingly reflected in diversified investment capacity, integrated professional capacity, and managerial competence. Companies, as long-term viable industries, operate efficiently and manage efficiently, have significant credit advantages, have a strong multi-line investment capacity, and are upgrading their cities.
A wealth of expertise has been accumulated in the areas of on-orbit cover, property management, logistics property, long-term rental apartments, and its comparative competitive advantage has become increasingly apparent in the context of the general trend of “totalization and fragmentation of profits”.2 The basic balance has improved and resources have been locked in to break through.
2.1 The sales head has risen steadily and the city's share in 2019 was close to 4%. Looking back at the company's recent decade of growth, Vanko was the first company to recover more quickly from the epidemic and to maintain the industry's leading position.
The sales end created greater short-term pressure, and companies showed excellent sales resilience in the face of shocks. In 2020, H1 accumulated $318 billion in contracts, a decline of only 4% compared to the top three industries. By the first half of 2020, the company had cumulatively completed 49.30% of its sales targets at the beginning of the year, and the sales target was better than the other majors.
By contrast with other companies in the industry, the impact of the 10,000-centre deep-farming strategy has been highlighted, with only 65 to 70 cities in 2014-19, and sales in single cities rising from 3.3 billion yuan to 9 billion yuan per city, up 2.72 times higher than in 2019, when 9 billion yuan per city in high-rise industries.
Most housing firms, with sales in the top three of the 40 cities, are ranked first in 21 cities, including Shenzhen, Shanghai, Dong-hoon, Ningbo, Xian, Wuhan. As the industry moves into the region, the population continues to move into a two-line core urban circle, and the company’s regional deep-farming strategy will yield sustainable returns.
The company focused on the city circle, with four major regions growing in balance. The company led the urban circle focus strategy in 2004, with four major regional distributions growing in balance. In 2019, the company focused on the two-way line, increasing the quality of land in the South, Shanghai, North, West and Central regions and other regions.
As the industry matures, the central macro-regulations become more intense, and companies increasingly focus on the second line of land. At the city level, 72 per cent of the newly acquired land resources are built in second-line cities, and 79.9 per cent are invested. In terms of equity construction, it is high to low in the mid-western, northern and Shanghai regions.
And the southern region. The second-line cities are the highest in terms of the urban divide. The company, the first to come up with a strategy to focus on the urban circle, the real-world deep-farming sector, also matches the structural evolution of the industry with its land layout and earth storage structure.
The urban residential price index, measured by the same rate of growth, shows that, at a time when housing prices have risen significantly, the second-line cities have a higher rate of increase in water, in the form of larger price increases and longer periods, while, at a time of tighter housing prices, the second-line cities also have more resilience and very limited declines.
Land acquisition strategies move from a pro-cyclical to a full-cycle strategy. By 2016, as the industry is in a period of rapid growth, with long-term increases in land prices and premium rates, companies have adopted pro-cyclical strategies to manage risks by adding new land rights and premium rates that are largely consistent, and when the land market is cold, the land premium rate falls and the company’s new land rights are reduced accordingly.
The new land tenure has been raised from 9.22 million to 31.57 million: after 2016, the industry has entered a period of maturity, with a rapid decline in land premium rates from 46.0 per cent in 2016 to 26.5 per cent in 2017 under the regulatory role of the central “household-in-the-house” and holding at 40 million, with no reduction in land access due to the coldness of the land market and a shift in strategy from a pro-cyclical to a full-cycle approach.
In the first half of 2020, the company continued to maintain a flexible and prudent strategy, with 46 new projects added to the company in January-June, 61 new projects in the same period of the year, 8,721,000 new construction floors, 44.2% less than in the same year, and a cumulative increase in equity.
The price was 31.24 billion yuan, a decrease of 55.4 per cent, or 17 per cent of sales, well below the 29.8 per cent in the same period last year, and 75 per cent in the same area. The sharp decline in land area and prices in the first half of the year was mainly influenced by the impact of the epidemic and the rise in land prices.
2.2.2 The land reserve is maintained at an appropriate rate, with the structure surrounding the core urban cluster slowing down with the total size of the earth reserve amounting to 160 million flats. In 2019, the company's total land reserve of all types was constructed.
One hundred and twenty-one million square metres have been built. In 2019, the rate of growth of the company’s total land reserves and interests has slowed to 5.54 per cent, respectively, and the industrial policy environment has changed, with the central increase in the regulation of the real estate market in 2016, with the company’s land-degradation cycle declining from year to year.
The overall strategy and the principle of procyclical start-up of production. According to the Cresary data, the decolonization cycle is determined by the value of the total earth storage/sale value, which was only 2.94 in late 2019, kept low in the mainstream housing sector, and companies adopted a more flexible soil storage strategy, rather than seeking higher land reserves.
The structure of the earth storage is concentrated on a second line and on a central urban circle. According to the city cluster, the total value of the company ' s earth storage in 2019 was $18,561.1 billion, of which 48,97.7 billion, or 26.38 per cent, was in the long triangle, and 34.2 billion, or 18.44 per cent, in the Grand Triangle and the Grand Bay.
Looking ahead, there will be closer linkages between long-triangular cities, along with the Plan for the Development of Regional Integration in the Yangtze Delta and the Framework for Development Planning in the Australasia District of Hong Kong, the Great Bay Vision will release a huge institutional dividend, with priority to be given to pre-positioned housing enterprises.
2.3 Debt structure is healthy, financing costs are low, net corporate debt rates are low and risk-resistant. The company ' s prudent strategy for 2014-2016, which maintains its investment excellence, ensures its sustained financial soundness and enhances its risk-resistant capacity.
At the same time, the net corporate liability rate continues to be at a low level, with 33.9 per cent net debt in 2019, although it has risen slightly by 3 percentage points from 2018, and remains below 35 per cent, with the level of net corporate debt at a low industry level compared to other typical housing enterprises in the industry.
In the debt structure, corporate debt is predominant in the medium to long term, and interest-bearing liabilities account for one year. Bank borrowings and bonds are the main mode of financing, accounting for 78.6 per cent of the total, 65 per cent of the renminbi debt and 35 per cent of the foreign currency debt. In terms of interest rate types, fixed interest rates account for 36.5 per cent and floating interest rates account for 36.5 per cent.
Corporate financing costs remain low and credit rating industries lead. In terms of finance, companies have been able to deliver their total in two instalments in 19 with an interest rate of 3.18 per cent. In addition, companies have been actively broadening their access to overseas financing, with companies completing dollars several times in 2019.
Medium-term instruments are issued at a minimum nominal rate of 3.15 per cent. In terms of financing costs, the cost of financing a company's bank loan from Libor is a leader in the credit appraisal industry that the company has acquired in the financial market as a result of sound financial policies. In 2019, PBS maintains a credit rating of the company's “bb+”, and Moody maintains a credit rating of the company's “baa1” with a rating outlook of “stable”
Compared to other leading home firms, Huanko’s credit rating remains the first line in the industry and is widely recognized by international rating agencies. Firms’ sustained financial soundness and low industry financing costs reflect a firm’s strong resilience to risk, highlighting public exposure.
Since 2017, some hoarding houses have been under greater pressure at the end of the debt, while Vanko’s prudent strategy has effectively avoided leverage risk. On the other hand, the new crown disease of 2020 has had a more direct impact on three or four-line real estate sales, while Vanko is focusing on two-line areas.
The field-deeping strategy largely avoids the risk of sales being devalued, and allows companies in the epidemic not to overtake future performance by “self-deficit” through price reductions. 2.4 Profitability leads, growing robustly.
In 2019, the company increased 24 per cent in the same year, to $36.7 billion, and in 2014-2019 the size of the cagr was approximately 20 per cent; in 2019, the net return profit grew by 15 per cent in the same year, reaching an average annual growth rate of 20 per cent for the current two-year period, rising steadily, and maintaining a leading position in the industry in terms of both collection and size.
Prominent corporate strategy, promoting long-term leadership for profitability. In 2010, in the face of tight industry regulation, the company spearheaded the famous “5986” high turnover model of five months of work, nine months of sales, and the first month of selling 80% (60% of homes).
More than 90%. The company’s high liquidity strategy increased the efficiency of the use of funds and its profitability, as well as the excellence of the company’s 15-19 Māori profitability.
In recent years, the centralists have insisted on “stable ground prices, house prices, and expectations”, the previous hoarding patterns of housing companies are no longer viable, and high turnover by companies has become the mainstream of the industry. In 2019, the total asset turnover of companies was 22.58%, down from 2016.
Despite this, the overall asset turnover rate of the company is still higher than the industry as a whole, contributing to an increase in the public sector.
Gold sedimentation, more benefits such as management costs, and higher roe levels. 2.5 Breakpoints in the future: the deep iron “orbit + property” cooperation model. Shenzhen subway and Vanko are about to form a joint venture to develop the “orbit + property” model. Shenzhen subway as the Shenzhen nation.
At the end of June 2020, Vanko announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding with Shintao.
It is planned to establish a 50%: 50% joint venture, with a provisionally registered capital of $1 billion, which is market-oriented, taking on priority areas and priorities related to Shenzhen’s new infrastructure and orbit, and exploring large-scale tod projects in key cities, such as the Bay of Australia, in Hong Kong. It can be expected that the deep cooperation process between Shenzhen subway and Huanko is gradually being paved.
The “orbit + property” model will promote the respective advantages of Vanko and Deep Iron. With the rapid growth of cities in recent years, which face traffic congestion and land resource constraints, the “orbit + property” tod model has become a better solution by integrating residential, office, commercial and landscape environments into projects in close proximity to orbital transport points.
The overall structure of the low-density areas (residential, office, etc.) where the traffic complex is being developed is expanding outwards. The Shenzhen subway, working with Huanko, is able to take full advantage of its advantages.
Focusing on urban orbital transport, Vanko is focusing on property development, strengthening the capacity of urban support services, orbital transport construction can drive regional economic development and raise the value of the surrounding property, and the benefits of the development of the surrounding property are rich in deep iron resources, and the future will be a major potential growth point for companies.
In Hong Kong, Macau, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and others, the Tod hub development plan was released after the Hong Kong, Macao, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen districts planned to land in Hong Kong. The Tod model is more sophisticated in Hong Kong, covering more than 45% of Hong Kong’s population, and the Huanko Deep Iron future cooperation project is expected to land rapidly in Hong Kong in 2020.
On May 16, Huanko and Shenzhen subway co-financed $6 billion to develop a piece of land in the South China Sea in Fuoshan, covering 178,000 sites, 481,000 floors, with a potential for sale of 4.28 million floor space and an approximate cost of $13,000 per square floor. Huanko and Shenzhen are to invest together in the establishment of a project company, with 51% of Foshan's shareholdings and 49% of Deep Steel holdings.
The capital invested in the construction of the project does not exceed 6 billion yuan yuan yuan; according to the equity ratio, not more than 3.06 billion yuan is required in Foshan Vanko, and 2.94 billion yuan is spent in the deep iron industry. These projects are the first cooperation since Shenzhen subway entered the capital, but not the first cooperation in the history of the two sides.
As early as November 2014, the Shenzhen subway mangrove Bay property development project, with a bid of $4.53 billion, was developed under the Shenzhen subway agreement, with 49 per cent of the interests of Huanko and 51 per cent of the Shenzhen subway group, which is expected to be completed in 2021.The Redtree Bay project, which is located in the best-quality area of Shenzhen city centre, is also considered to be a Vanko city support service provider.
In 2016, the Shenzhen subway and Huanko signed a memorandum of strategic cooperation and launched the first cooperative development of their entry project, the Shenzhen Hbc concourse centre. It is foreseen that in the near future, the Shenzhen subway group + Huanko will no longer be confined to Shenzhen, the track.
The advanced model of the Dao+ Property is also expected to expand the trajectory, replicate the output to more cities, promote the formation of more urban economic circles, promote the process of urbanization in our country, and accelerate the "go-out" process around the country's “one-way” strategy and the goal of building a national economic centre in Shenzhen.
The future of the new "orbital plus real estate" model has unlimited potential for overexploitation. For Vanko, development in cooperation with the Shenzhen subway is far-reaching, not only in terms of obtaining one or more high-quality projects, but, more importantly, in terms of joint implementation of the “orbital plus property” development strategy, and with the extension of the subway line in the future, Vanko will have the opportunity to get a source of continuous growth at a reasonable price.
• A strategic cooperation framework agreement between the Changsha City People's Government and Huanko was signed on 23 June 2020, with an investment of 120 billion US dollars.
On October 12, 2017, the Cheng City People’s Government also signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Huanko, with a high investment level, laying a solid foundation for companies’ sales and performance in the central and western parts of the country.
From this perspective, the exploration of property-related industrial chains since 2014 is entering the harvest, building and living in urban and rural areas.
Looking ahead, the central city integrated investment model will either be replicated in other new and second-line cities, leading to the development of an all-out industry. From the strategic orientation of Vanko Urban and Rural Construction and Life Service Providers, Changsha could be a corporate city.
An important part of the pilot, with sufficient experience and results in the future, could be expected to replicate the success of this integrated investment model to other core cities, which is expected to further boost the growth of companies in a number of areas, such as development, property, logistics, long-lease apartments, etc., as another potential breakthrough in corporate development.
3 Multi-dimensional and inclusive development, with sub-values that can be expected to create a “1+n” multi-dimensional business system that will shape the real estate platform management company. Huanko, with real estate as the main business, is collaborating in the development of diversified industries such as property, commerce, logistics, and long-lease apartments, creating a “1+n” real estate platform management company.
The company has been promoting a multifaceted development strategy since 2014, and the areas of property services, logistics warehousing, commercial real estate and long-lease apartments are now at the forefront of the industry, with advantages such as size, management experience, etc., and it is more likely to develop diversified business as the industry develops. From 2015 to 2019, the company ' s revenue, in addition to its property sales, rose from 5.3 billion to 5.3 billion.
The Vanko subsidiary (who holds 63% of the shares directly) Vanko's property was established in 1990 and was the first to take over the multi-storey Shenzhen Sky Gardens in the residential area. Since then, the business has gradually expanded to six main sections, such as business and property services and community life services.
Businesses, in a spirit of innovation, are leading the transformation of the industry. Corporate management services have gained a lot of credit for many years in a row: Vancos has been in a row for 10 years to “China’s 100-strong corporate power totp1” and for five years to “China’s 500-strong top brand for real estate development companies”, and for three years in a row to “China’s speciality industry services leading business”
From 2014 to 2019, revenues from corporate property services increased from $2 billion to $12.7 billion, with cagr as high as 45%, and the share of the Vanko Group's total revenues rose steadily to 3.45% over the same period.
The management area has grown from 103.4 million to 640 million, with cagr as high as 44%. Considering the fragmented nature of the property management industry, and the firm status of the company’s housing development poles, the expected increase in future market share in the animal industry will also help the company to further expand its market share.
By the end of 2019, the sum of 640 million square metres, or 26.1% of the increase in the same year, was in the pipeline area of 450 million square metres, and the reserve area of 190 million square metres in 2019.
The total area of corporate contract management is ranked second among all mainstream property management companies, ranking first in the area of management, and significantly ahead of other property management companies. In terms of revenue collection, the company earned $12.7 billion in 2019, ranking in the first place in the industry, and 1.3 times as high as the second.
The core business of the Vanko estate presents a troika structure: community space services, business space services and urban space services. According to public disclosure by company management, residential services received about $9 billion in 2019, business services about $3.5 billion, urban air company housing projects, 2,663, or 72.4 per cent; commercial business projects, 1009 or 27.4 per cent; and urban space services.
Table 5, 0.1 per cent. All three sectors of the property industry are in the forefront of the industry. 1) Community services: mainly consisting of basic property services, development of pre-commercial services and community assets services, driven by internal growth, the company ' s residential operations were collected by 18.4 per cent in 2014-2019.
One billion yuan was increased to 9 billion yuan, and the capr was 37 per cent; (2) business services: mainly asset management services and facilities equipment. In April 2020, a joint venture between the Vanko Industries and the De Leung Company was established to manage more than 100 million square metres of projects. Over 1,000 projects were managed, and are now in the first place in the Greater China Region; (3) urban services: mainly urban space services, public services.
The three main categories of resource management services, public construction project management services, nine projects that had successfully landed in July 2020, including the Pearl Sea Yokohama, Xiao Xiao Gang and others, accounted for more than 1715 square kilometres of land, covered more than 5.31 million people, and the start-up of the business was achieved through the 10,000th and chart industry income-business revenue, 18 of which were expected to be 19 years old.
Community business is about the actual publication of data, based on the in-house expansion of the business based on the general income-community income-urban space business income, which will generate high-quality growth in the future: business and business space business, together with the strong of Dedraux, will create a major industry.
The high rate of growth will lead to an overall rise in corporate collections; urban space service landing projects will be scaled up, and future collections are expected to produce another 10,000 copies of the property industry. The 10,000-degrees industry account for all three sectors of residential space services, commercial space services and urban space services, according to the industry’s leading position, taking over the main course of the future property industry, with an expected revenue of more than $30 billion in the next three to five years.
The industry is well-established, well-settled, and likely to grow into a platform-type property management company, with a future market value expected to exceed $130 billion. The three main areas of home, business, and urban services in which the industry is very dynamic and well-organized are all very important.
Head, for companies such as the Pyre Gardens, the Pavli Industries, the Service for Life and the Merchant Reservation Company, the current market value of the company in 2019 averaged 8.8 times the value of the margin, and as the leader of the financial management industry, the three main competitions for the housing, business and city have made it easier to form a leading platform-type property management company, 2+1+n, in the context of competitive patterns, and we have kept it on average.
A 20% premium, with a reasonable market value expected to be around 133.5 billion yuan for the Vanko property industry. In 2014, Huanko led other traditional developers, spearheaded the creation of the Logistics Estates Department, strategic deployment of logistics properties; in 2015, the Huanko Group officially launched its independent logistics brand, Huanhu.
Vanko Logistics is an important milestone in the Vanko Group’s move to “urban and rural construction and life service providers.” The company’s operations focus on the three most dynamic economic circles of the country’s economy, as well as on priority cities in the central and western parts of the country, focusing on high-mark storage investment sites, development, business acquisition, asset management, etc. The 10,000-latitude core operations cover 45 cities throughout the country.
In 2019, there were 21 new projects for the acquisition of molten matter, totalling approximately 1.91 million square metres of leased property. To date, the 10,000-latitude logistics industry has been located in 45 cities, acquiring 141 projects, with more than 11 million square metres of leased property, the main layout being the largest economy in the country.
In 2016-2019, the size of the 10,000-D logistics leasing project and the number of projects reached 94.7% and 98.6%, respectively, with a significant increase, which has stabilized over the last two years, but has remained steady.
The annual warehouse usage rate is 82%. In addition, the Māori ratio of corporate logistics property (cf. South Mountain’s Treasure Bay logistics, 58.75%) is significantly higher than other operations such as real estate development (36.52%) and property management (18.57%) and no 10,000-latitude logistics operations are mainly driven by two major operations: high-mark storage and cold-chain logistics.
700, the business model is dominated by high-priced storage and cold-chain logistics, of which the high-priced warehouse is now the second largest in the country and the cold-storage model is the highest in the country, with customers covering electricity, couriers, manufacturing, etc. 1) high-priced storage: the Vanko high-priced warehouse is located in 47 cities across the country, with 123 high-value warehouses at the domestic core.
The logistics node city has developed a nationwide network of high-mark storage facilities that can provide high-end, standardized logistics storage facilities for clients, including investment sites, development, commercial operations, asset management. The company focuses on product quality and is committed to providing a high standard of product power services, developing construction companies demanding themselves by nine standards, covering underground engineering work, assembly of whole concrete, etc.
(b) Cold-chain logistics: 10,000-latitude logistics projects are being built and operated throughout the country, with a cumulative presence in 21 cities, covering the second-line city in the country, as well as in the core cities of the interior. Companies use advanced international warehouse design and refrigeration engineering techniques and have national, regional and national capacity.
One-stop storage, trunking, distribution, and other specialized services, ranked 10th in 2019 as the world’s largest provider of temperature-controlled warehousing services, and is the country’s only top-ranked firm. In the future, companies plan to continue to improve the national layout, covering upstream port and production warehouses, middle-bound and downstream areas and urban distribution warehouses, and to achieve a one-stop supply chain service across the network, the full scene, and the full chain.
Miles Logistics is active in expanding technology enabling operations, creating information teams to develop logistics technology. The Vanji Information Team is committed to building an Otwb system (o order management-t transport management-w warehouse management-b billing management) to provide technical security for cold chain operations.
An industrial intelligence advantage, full intelligence in park management and warehouse management. Figure 66: 10,000-latitude logistics business process maps, companies with a rising market rate, after Pros. May 2019, according to cnpp data study, 10,000-latitude logistics
China's logistics estate is rated as top ten, and ranked second, after the logistics giant Pros. Pros is a global logistics property with an area of about 55 million square metres currently held or managed in China, Japan, Brazil, and the United States, with an asset value of about $41 billion. Pros is an absolute leader in China, with a market share of more than 2nd to 1nd.
In 2019, the total was 7.30 per cent of the total. This was an increase of 1.60 per cent from 2018.
There will be significant operational synergies to further consolidate the vanko logistics landscape: 2) integration of the ancient cold chain logistics platform in 2018, accelerating the roll-out of the cold chain logistics national business map, and upgrading its size and operational capabilities. After the acquisition of the cold chain, the 10,000-dimensional logistics strategy has been pursued in close to two years with a number of food and fresh companies, such as Jeppe, Trorry, Orange, Ferrero, etc.
On 30 April 2020, the CSRC and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued a circular on the promotion of work related to the pilot of the Trust Fund for Real Estate Investment in Infrastructure (REITs), which, from the financing end of the project, makes the share of the interest of the Reits publicly available, enables the efficient inventory of assets and enhances them.
The infrastructure reits priority industries include infrastructure short-board industries, including logistics warehousing. The company’s 10,000-latitude logistics industry benefits greatly from the continued promotion of reits products, and the company’s ability to operate will be further enhanced in the future. The public fund-raising reits advance is expected to truly connect “development-operate-to-business” in the real sense of the word.
In June 2020, the first 10,000-latitude logistics net-equity category reits was well-listed. Reits. is one of the products in the country that is now closest to mature markets abroad, and their successful release means that the value of assets in the 10,000-latitude logistics is equal to the value of assets.
Professional capacity has been recognized in the market, and assets have been further developed, as well as a domestic public fund-raising attempt at reits to look forward to a new demand for biostream storage. Home-based isolation patterns caused by new coronary pneumonia in 2020 have contributed significantly to breakthroughs in such industries as raw power suppliers, cold chain logistics, and, in the long run, to the formation and neutralization of new consumption habits.
New user groups of the elderly. These will be catalysts for the rapid development of the future logistics storage industry, which, as industry leaders, the largest shareholders in the country's logistics estates, will be able to take advantage of the market in advance and will be able to fully enjoy the high-priced storage that our high-value warehouse market has been dependent on since a few years ago on power-market platforms as it moves forward.
In the case of cold-chain logistics, cold-chain policies have become more and more frequent in recent years, depending on their characteristics, their orientation, and the level of support of different enterprises in different areas. In the case of industry, the policy is also designed to deal with the problem.
Cold-chain logistics is increasingly receiving attention from national governments, and with the release of good policies, cold-chain logistics will usher in a new 10,000-latitude logistics valuation divided into the company ' s own equity value and the Ploss China equity value, which is expected to exceed 50 billion yuan in total market value.
In 2019, it was estimated that RMB 7 billion would be collected at 10,000 latitudes, RMB 1.75 billion, or about 25 times more than the average of the company, and that the value of the company ' s own shares would be estimated at RMB 43.8 billion; (b) Price China ' s equity value: RMB 6.9 billion in 2019, RMB 5.7 billion in 2019, and RMB 5.7 billion in return for the mother.
Logistics real estate enterprises, valued at 30 times the value of the shares in Pros, valued at approximately 17.1 billion yuan, with 21.4 per cent of the shares held in Huanco, and 36.6 billion yuan of the shares held in Pros. Thus, the total value of the logistics under the banner of Huanko is estimated at about 80.4 billion yuan. 3.3 Business development operations
In August 2016, Huanko acquired 96.5 per cent of the Indian Group ' s shares at US$ 128.70 million as its core shareholder through the establishment of the Foundation Platform Company (the Fund consists of a limited number of partners in Vankespv, a fully owned subsidiary of Vankespv, a priority partner in 50 per cent of interests and a general partner in 40 per cent of interests) and established it as a commercial property development manager in Huanko.
At the end of 2019, there were 108 print operations management projects covering more than 50 cities, covering nearly 9 million square metres, of which 6.440,000 square metres were already in operation.
The size of India’s management has remained stable, with the gradual creation of closed capital markets to raise investments and withdraw. Between 2017 and 2019, the size of India’s management has been reduced from 10 million to 9 million, and the number of projects has been reduced from 172 to 108, mainly as a result of:
First, India built closed capital markets to raise investments, such as the Union of Real Estates of Sin City, which was inaugurated in October 2018 by the Indian Group at the end of 2017, and finally, on May 12, 2020, India withdrew from the Trillin Imaging City project and completed the closure of the market; and, second, the Vanko Group focused more on the main camp under the overall direction of “Focus on convergence and consolidation of the promotion drive”
Operations to optimize the asset structure, displacing non-principal operations, such as hotels, writing buildings, and some light asset projects to further focus on the operation and upgrading of shopping malls.
Regional crowds, location of regional shopping centres, creation of Imaging City; 2) creation of impressions for local families, location of local shopping centres; 3) targeting large urban conglomerates, location of mega-business centres/destination businesses, creation of an Imaging City mega:4) targeting community households, location of community businesses, creation of impressions.
With regard to the structure of the project, 90% of the companies have opened shopping centres, with an overall rental rate of 97% in the first half of 2019. In 2019, four shopping malls opened in Hangzhou, Kinshasa, Jinan, Fatty Vanko Square, and Guiyang City, which combine urban and regional characteristics, had a good response.
In March 2019, Huanko successfully launched the Sino-Shin Shenzhen Treasure Longgwank Square Asset Support Project, with an amount of 2,116 million yuan: in November 2019, the company launched the Impression 1 Business Investment Fund, with an amount of 3 billion yuan; in April 2020, the company's "Intelligence of Sino-Intelligence 2 Assets Support Project" successfully completed its bookkeeping for post-business purposes.
The estimated valuation is slightly over $50 billion, taking into account the size and valuation levels of Indian Group management. The estimated printing Group unilateral rental service is based on the management of space, rental income, and single rental based on comparable companies (Hao Yung, New Town Holdings, Dragons, Goldfields, etc.)
In midstream 500 yuan/ping, rent revenue in 2019 is expected to be around 4.5 billion yuan, with a net interest rate of 30%, with a net profit of about 1.35 billion yuan. In 2017-2019, the Indian Group was ranked 3rd, 3rd and 4th in the index institute ' s commercial real estate capacity, and was in the lead in the industry.
40 times the industry's position and shareholder background, valued at about $54 billion (not yet listed). Annually, a product system, supported by “Hanko” and “Hong Kong” and “Hong Kong” apartments, opened more than a thousand apartments: in 2016, it was integrated into a long-lease apartment brand called “Punt”.
The number of open rooms rose rapidly, reaching 92% in 2017 and 2019. By the end of 2019, the company’s long rented apartments had been installed in 34 cities, with a cumulative total of about 110,000 (an additional 56,000 in 2019), 81% of which were located in 14 major cities in the north, with an average rental rate of 90% for mature projects of six months and more.
At the same time, the company is working to improve the efficiency of the renovation and opening of the flats of the chief in the city’s central village, with 35,000 new apartments opened in the city’s middle village in 2019, because the size of the market for alternative, long-rented apartments among leased products depends on the size of the rental market.
Apartment rents are growing rapidly in the first and second-line cities, and their demand is largely supported by: (1) large and mobile urban population, rejuvenation of the mobile population, long stay periods and long-term rental needs; and (2) high prices of first-line urban housing, which exceeds the monthly wage load of most young people, while rents are relatively low, making rental housing a solution to the housing problems of most young people without housing.
The only method: (3) As the concept of consumer upgrading is becoming more widespread among the new generation of young people, the demand for home purchases has declined further, the demand for home purchases has decreased, and the expected age of young people has been delayed, thus increasing the size of the market for rental housing demand.
For the first time, the establishment of a rental-purchased housing system and the encouragement of the development of a specialized business based on rental housing were proposed. The Housing Rental and Sales Regulation (Application Draft), published by the Ministry of Housing and Construction in May 2017, was the first legislation in the country specifically devoted to rental and sale of housing, with a focus on how to safeguard the rights and interests of tenants, and the publication of the Ordinance will facilitate the regulation of the rental market.
Actions to promote rapid and healthy development of the rental market. The top-level design of the rental market is almost complete. In May 2016, the Office of the State Council issued its Opinions on Accelerating the Development of the Rent Market and the Circular on Accelerating the Development of the Rent Market in the Large and Medium Cities with a Net Population Inflow, issued by nine ministries, including the Ministry of Housing and Construction in July 2017.
The top-level design of the rental market provides guidance in terms of encouraging institutional participation, increasing supply, tax incentives, financial policy, and strengthening regulation. The introduction of “rent acquisitions” reflects a more favourable policy attitude to the development of the rental market.
The presence of market demand combined with favourable industrial policies has attracted a large inflow of capital, and capital market support for long-lease apartments has increased rapidly, as evidenced by: (i) the increasing ease of access to finance and the rapid expansion of assistive apartment companies.
The faster frequency of financing is a good indication of the capital market’s prospects for long-lease apartments, and the increasing ease of access to finance has contributed to the accelerated expansion of companies associated with the barrier. (2) Increased financial innovation has been effective in helping apartment companies to solve cash flow problems. For example, some public apartments work with banks, recover rents early throughout the year, and solve the financial problems of apartment start-ups; and, for example, youu+ apartments and p2p
The company’s lazy investment in co-financing multi-pricing properties, pilot water “securitization” of leases, and effective support for the construction of you+ in new shops across the country. Under conditions of market demand, policy orientation, and capital protection, the long-lease apartment industry expands rapidly in front-line cities, and
Vanko's powerful resources have reduced the financial pressure and the source of the development business, provided adaptation experience, created brand heights, and secured uniforms for the city.
On the other hand, the area of rental of apartments by Captain Vanko also helps to build up a living stock of assets, connect with sales, and access large client data. Nearly 110,000 of the parking and management-scale over 200,000, all of the leading industries.
In the silver age, many housing companies have made a strategic transition, and long-rented apartments have become an important battleground for their new business, while at the same time generating significant income and capital. In addition to Vanko's “browing” apartment, many mainstream housing companies have launched their own long-rent apartment brands, including the “crown” in Dragon Lake, the “crowd” in Xin, the “suspent” in Goldfield, the “inhabited” in German Xin, the ocean.
And among these brands, Vanko's "pairhouse" is still in the forefront. By the end of 2019, the Vankom apartment was first in operation and managed on a scale of over 100,000 and more than 200,000.
In terms of size, the renter's apartment is clearly divided, and the size of the Vankobo and the Dragon Lake crown is more than 60% of the size of the house's Top10 brand. The concentration of the industry is expected to increase as a result of the outbreak or reshuffling of the industry.
The monthly climax has been severely suppressed, with a drop of about 55% in occupancy compared to the previous year. Moreover, the epidemic has brought to the fore problems in the area of long-lease apartments, such as the lack of “rent purchase rights” and poor risk resistance, all of which are alarms for the future health of long-lease apartments and brands.
As regions return to production, the rent rate in April is higher than last year’s peak, and it is more innovative. However, in the midst of the epidemic, some housing rental companies that are not yet on a profitable track are still struggling to run and close down, with the impact that the housing rental sector may be reshuffled, and the concentration of the leading business sector is expected to rise.
The company currently operates three projects in the Gilling Pineflower Lake, the Beijing Shiking Dragon and the Beijing Western Skifield, where the flow of passengers and customer satisfaction from the Liing Pine Lake Resort continues to be at the forefront of the country and has won the World Ski Award for the third year in a row as the best ski resort in China. Before the outbreak was suspended from November 2019 until the end of January 2020,
In addition, Vanko continues to explore products and services related to a better life for the people, and to improve life packages.
In March of 2019, the Vankomesa School was rated as “HUNHUN II International School” as agro-food business. In March 2020, Huanko officially established the Department of Agri-Food Services.
There are three main areas of pig-breeding, vegetable-growing, and business catering. The new 10,000-centre pig industry is also in line with the company's own strategy of “urban and rural construction and life service providers”, starting from the point of view of providing more value-added services to clients (owners) and better playing the role of the company's “life service” and contributing to the development of the company's property.
Per capita pork consumption is expected to be 25 kg per year, the size of the 10,000 knowledge owners was about 9 million by the end of 2019, and in May 2020, the average wholesale price of pork was about $40 per kilogram and the market space was wide in the future.4 Development strategies have evolved over time and equity structures have remained stable.
In the more than 30 years since its establishment, Huanko has become the leader of the real estate industry in the country, benefiting from reforms that have enabled it to fully enjoy the social and industrial dividends of housing reform and major urban development over the past 40 years, and on the other hand, during the trend of the times, Huanko is constantly adapting and optimizing its development strategy.
1984-1992: in pursuit of multi-business development. In 1984, Huanko started in a State-run electronics business, the “Modern Scientific and Educational Instruments Centre”, affiliated with Shenzhen Special Economic Zone Development Corporation: in 1988, the Government approved its share-stock conversion programme, and the company publicly released 28 million shares, which were released in the course of the year.
For the first time, a tender was awarded for the opening of a new era of real estate operations; in 1992, the company's business was “exploitated”, forming five major business frameworks: commerce, industry, real estate, cultural diffusion, equity investment.
Focused Real Estate Development 1993: As housing changes, urbanization, etc., moved forward, the 1993 era of real estate decided to change decisively to urban residential development, with the transfer of 10,000 good public goods to a professional transformation in 2001, after which sales performance continued to rise. Corporate sales grew from 4.4 billion yuan to 6,308 million yuan in 2002-2019, a year-on-year increase.
34%. In 2008, the Grand Constituency Building was developed as a model for rental housing for low-income families in the country's first home, and in 2009 it was sold for the first time at $100 billion, reaching the target of $100 billion four years ahead.
From 2012 to the present, Vanko has developed a “three-good house” in the main sector, with a view to improving the functioning of the city and meeting the demands of the city's integrated development, the company has been able to establish a “city service provider” and to adapt its new business to urban development. In 2012, it consolidated its property services and launched the “Happiness Community Plan” and in 2014 - Company No.
Four ten-year development plans extend the location of “three good housing providers” to “city service providers” and begin large-scale expansion of rental housing operations. After 2015, Huanko has been active in developing business maps, entering business development and operations, renting homes, logistics warehousing services, standard office and production.
Business parks, snow and snow vacations, education, etc. 2018 - “Rural and urban construction and life service providers”, strategic upgrading. In 2018, Huanco further upgraded its development strategy to “Rural and urban construction and life service providers” from urban to urban construction.
The scale extends to urban and rural areas, reaching out for the first time to rural renewal with a strategic vision, with four specific roles: a live-in landscaper, a real-economy force, a pilot field for innovative exploration, and a harmonious ecological builder. The adjustment of the Vanko Development Strategy reflects its strategic judgement on industry and social change: the urban dwellers of our country.
On the other hand, as a result of sustained social and economic development in general, the people are more diversified in their quest for a better life and more diversified in terms of consumer services.
In the second phase of urbanization, the city’s growth is becoming more mature. In terms of demand from clients and the supply of land, the increment is shrinking, and the extraction of stock values is becoming increasingly important. At the same time, in the second phase of urbanization, the gap between the full-scale development of all cities and the intensive development of the urban circle is widening.
Large, polarized alternatives to balance are the main trends for the future. A new generation of young people is becoming the mainstream, with more diverse values and preferences in terms of both consumer and employee structures.
4.1.1 Corporate core strategy (1) adheres to a lean investment strategy. Companies adhere to the principle of high-quality upgrading in order to accelerate cash repatriation and optimize capital balances.
To ensure that urban and rural construction and life-services operations are well organized and that sustainable development paths are explored. At the same time, in the development of operations, it is important to invest carefully, determine the appropriate pace of investment and focus on opportunities for mergers and acquisitions.
In the first and second-tier cities, housing needs to be flourished, and investment efforts to strengthen cooperation with governments, financial institutions, and social organizations should be stepped up to the extent possible.
Access to rental housing resources, multi-business complexes. Continuous improvement of online platforms and offline operating mechanisms, further development of the operational capacity of high-rent housing.
In keeping with its objective of “customers' reputations and business efficiency”, the Vankot Property Service has been working on the construction of a cloud of intellectual property to improve the overall quality of its services; it has also developed significantly in the commercial writing industry. In addition, commercial development, logistics storage, and the retirement industry have also developed.
Businesses like business, education business, and snow and snow vacations have also flourished. (3) Accelerating the collapse of the business partnership system. Vanko’s business partnership scheme is not an incentive for equity, but an all-person reward for the economic profits prize.
On the basis of stock bindings, the project and investment and career systems were developed in two combinations. This had a significant financial impact on reducing the rate of loss and stimulating employees, as well as significantly reducing the cost of corporate financing.
On 30 March 1994, Junan Securities announced the launch of the " All Shareholders ' Letter to Vanko Enterprises " by the four shareholders commissioned by Junan's representative — Shenzhen New Generation, Hainan Securities Corporation, Junyama Investments Ltd., Hong Kong and Soyuz Investment Ltd. (10.73 per cent of the total shares of the four companies in Vanko Corporation Limited) to refer directly to problems in the conduct and management of Vanko.
In response, on 31 March, the then Chairman of the Board of Governors of Vanko decided decisively to close the application down and approve it.
Wang Xi won time by stopping cards, blocking Junan and dissolving other shareholders and unions that were conjoined by Junan. In the five days that Junan started the stock race, Vanko won the war.
At the end of the fighting, Vanko stocks are now back on their feet. For the first time in July 2015, the Bounty was raised to 5% of the stock, and in the next few months, the Bounty was significantly increased to 20% of the stock. In response to the continuing increase in the Bounty System, Huenko clearly stated his position and announced a halt.
On March 12, 2016, Huanko announced a memorandum of cooperation with the Deep Iron Group to be reorganized by issuing new shares for the purchase of assets under the deep iron flag. On March 17, Huanko convened a board of directors to discuss and decide on the proposed reorganization, but the Chinese side took the shares into account.
On June 26, Bo-jin was jointly proposed for removal, including Wang-shek. On July 5 it continued to grow to 25.40% for the fifth time. On August 4th, 2016, Heng-heung Group acquired a large amount of 10,000 shares from the secondary market, accounting for 4.68% of total equity, which was subsequently increased three times in November.
14.07 per cent, rapidly becoming the third largest shareholder after the Bounty and Huayun systems.On 12 January 2017, Huanko announced that Huayun intended to transfer the 15.31 per cent of its total holdings to the Deep Steel Group, which then entrusted 14.07 per cent of the shares held by Huanko to Deep Iron for exercise on 16 March.
After completing the transfer of 14.07% of the shares to the Deep Steel Group after three months, Dark Iron held 29.38% of the shares, exceeding the BAU, and became the number one shareholder, and the dispute over Boca. By the first quarter of 2020, the BAU stock had been continuously reduced to 1.14%, and the Bocain contest had been completely closed.
4.2.2 The equity structure is stable in anticipation of the most friendly era Vanko is permanently in a highly decentralized state, maintaining an unmanageable equity structure. Indeed, Hua Yung, after becoming the first shareholder in Van Ko in 2000, continued until 2014, the year before the "Big Man Contest" began.
The decentralized equity structure has been in place for almost 30 years since the change of the stock in 1988. Before the dispute, the Chinese company, which is a controlling shareholder, held only 14.89% of the shares, which is still far from the share in general.
Deep Iron Group holdings remained stable at less than 30 per cent and, in the context of the May 2020 Huanko Board of Directors change list and the June end of June message of the Director of Dark Iron Group to the Huanko Shareholders Conference, the mixed ownership and strategic objectives of Huanko will continue to be maintained.
On the one hand, the unmanageable structure of equity features not only helps to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the company’s management, but also to guarantee the firm’s steady implementation of its established strategy; on the other hand, it also gives the company a more resilient life and growth. In contrast to large and relatively concentrated housing enterprises such as Biri Park, Vanko’s strategy will not be developed at the risk of actually controlling the individual.
The level of awareness that highlights its comparative advantage in governance and the viability of its enterprises. The unmanageable structure of governance is also a popular form in developed countries, such as the United States of America, where there are many successful firms with similar equity structures, such as China’s Peace, Gables, and Eli’s shares. The company’s virtually uncontrollable character structure is its long-run industry for more than 30 years.
In general, with the dispute over Boone falling completely behind, not only is the most dynamic, but also stable, in the context of large shareholders as state companies. Equity structures are stable, unmanageable governance structures are maintained, and large shareholders are strongly supported.
In July 2015, Huanko requested a 10 billion equity buy-back plan, with its own funds, to buy back a company ' s share of no more than 10 billion yuan by 31 December 2015, but Vankoa ' s share price rose rapidly as a result of a massive buy-in by the Bounty Group at the time.
In the end, Vanko bought $160 million, and repurchased all the shares for write-off. On the other hand, at the time, Vanko promoted the partnership’s shareholding scheme, which had an incentive effect on employees, but was subject to a dispute over Bo-man, the company’s equity incentive program was blocked.
There are four types of repurchases: reduction of the company’s registered capital, use of employee holding or equity incentives, cooperation in issuing a transferable or recognition certificate, and maintenance of the company’s equity value (requires the share price to be lower than per share in the most recent period).
Net assets or 20 successive transactions have fallen by 30% daily. Five years later, 10,000 units have re-initiated the buy-back plan, highlighting management's two buy-backs in the first half of the year as a powerful needle in the company's positive treatment of stock prices, indicating that management's change of board of directors and stock buy-backs for the value of the company's shareholdings mean a “equity value attitude”, highlighting management's faith in the company's future.
As the dispute over Bo-man is over, Vanko’s attitude towards the value of equity will be more positive and will, to some extent, support a reasonable return in the company’s future stock prices. From the new board nomination list, Shenzhen subway and Van-Ko’s management will maintain a balanced position, and Huanko’s mixed ownership and established strategic objectives will continue.
Vanko and Shenzhen subway are going to set up a company with a list of Vankos to develop a project to cover a section of a vehicle in the South Foshan Sea. It can be foreseen that the future mixed ownership structure of Vankos and the support of major shareholders will add sufficient momentum to their development.5 The bottom of the valuation and the anchor of the value
Huanko's current valuation is approaching a historically low level, with pe2020e at 7.0 times, which is significantly lower than that of Dragon Lake (9.9 times). The drop and lock-out cycles from the molecular ends (a reduction in continuity), which are very similar to those of Lake Vanko and Dragon Lake, are tightened by finance, with less pressure to leverage, and the dragon lake bright spot is that financing is less costly and more business-related, but the gap is not large.
The main factors affecting the denominator are industry characteristics (space, speed, etc.) and market risk preferences. From an industry’s point of view, the main ones are industry space constraints (speed down or even negative growth), business leverage repression (financial deleveraging, housing retention) and the use of the power of the industry to reduce the price of the product.
Since then, the value of the real estate unit has remained low, but does not mean that the level of the valuation will have to be further reduced. It seems easier to explain from the angle of the risk preference,a the market recognized the bottom position of the liquidity dimension, the growing shares and the emotional shock in February, August 2019 and March 2020, respectively.
The company’s stock price performance is not consistent with its ability to price its industrial chain. We believe that, in a development pattern that promotes the domestic cycle, the position of real estate remains difficult to replace, and the capacity of well-funded leading home firms to price and integrate into the real estate chain is even more difficult.
In terms of capital market performance, corporate stock prices have been significantly weaker than the relevant industry chains since the beginning of the year; in terms of profitability, there are no significant differences in the performance of Vanko, conch cement and the United States, with 20.67 per cent in 2019, and a small amount less than 24.46 per cent of conch cement and 23.81 per cent of the United States group; and in terms of net interest rates, 14.99 per cent of the net rate of 10,000.
More than 9.09% of the United States group; and, in terms of dividends, more than the conch cement and the United States group. We believe that this aspect is related to continued policy repression, and that the stock price of the 10,000 unit does not reflect its ability to negotiate, price and integrate resources in the chain of property-related industries.
At the bottom of the valuation, Vanko is now clear, and the increase in the valuation depends on a triple factor. According to the logic of the valuation impact described earlier, the company's share price has been fully reflected and even overreacted to the corresponding discount factor: in view of marginal changes, the July regulatory window period has passed, and the Political Bureau meeting, while reiterating that “the house is not occupied”, makes no reference to “the timely scientific precision control”, while the sales level is not.
Performance meets expectations, and fundamentals have the power and space to repair; finally, with the arrival of the 2020q2 Public Fund's sub-valued valuation of Vanko's non-principal plate, price-fixing on the property chain, and the ability to integrate investments. Low valuations, though cheap, do not necessarily highlight high values, the anchor of which lies in the continuing creativity of values (more so).
A good track, a bigger pattern, a more valuable one. On the one hand, while sales of goods have decreased in recent years, the country still has at least 15 percentage points of urbanized space in a process that focuses on urban clusters and urban circles.
In the short term, the sale of goods is still well supported on the demand side. It is important to identify high-quality companies objectively and rationally from the point of view of housing companies competing with the Bureau, which are still able to continuously share the huge profits from the realization of land. On the other hand, from the point of view of the new track, there is a real way to move away from the material management of the land conversion profit model, which may also include reliance on assets.
The value profile of the new track will ultimately need to be reflected and confirmed through sustained performance growth. The regression model results show that performance growth is impact.
The most important factor in the long-term performance of the stock price. We select the leading stock in the relevant industrial chain (up and down) of the real estate industry as the target for research, analysing the ability of the company to interpret the 10-year average stock price increase by such factors as its performance, the ratio of dividends, the characteristics of the sub-sections and the fluctuations in valuations. The final model results show that performance and dividends are the most important factors influencing the company’s long-term stock price performance.
The impact on companies’ long-term stock price performance, such as plate characteristics and valuation fluctuations, is not significant. The combined annual compound increases of 20%, 30%, and 213% for community services, business services, and urban services, respectively, are combined.
Coherent scale of performance: 1) 10,000 property valuations amount to $135.5 billion, 63 per cent of the 10,000 property stock and 85.4 billion of the 10,000 property value; 2) 10,000-latitude logistics and Pross equity valuations total $80.4 billion, 10,000-latitude logistics shareholding 100 per cent and logistics block valuations contribute 80.4 billion; 3) real estate development operations adopt nav
The value is $34.46 per share in the Vanko Development Group and $38.95 billion in the Vanko Real Estate. Thus, taking into account the interests of the diversified business, the company ' s diversified business can contribute to the total value of $16.58 billion, the real estate development owner pss 4.00, 4.45 and 5.00, respectively, to select the comparable companies whose diversified business is growing rapidly, which will be responsible for the performance of their properties.
In view of the company's “orbit + property” cooperation model with deep iron in real estate development operations and the central city integrated investment model, and given its leading role in diversified operations such as property, logistics, commerce and long-lease apartments, the Group can offer a 20 per cent premium on a comparable average valuation of companies, as described above.
1) Real estate policy controls risks; 2) sales and refunds risks below expectations; risks of diversified business development below expectations;
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.