Built north by new buildings (000786/ch) that transfer cost pressures reflect high-market pricing rights
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) • Events: The company published its first quarterly report in 2022 and its first quarter in 2022.
It is about $4.61 billion, an increase of about 10.47 per cent, a net return profit of about $560 million, a weak completion rate, a recurrent epidemic, and a negative growth in corporate income. The gypsum is usually used to build ceilings and fences, in favour of the completion of houses, with an increase in the area completed since 2022.
In this context, we believe that it is not easy for companies to achieve a 10.47% income growth in a quarter. • Māori rates, cost rates, net interest rates have remained largely stable and have succeeded in transferring cost pressures.
And it's going to decrease, and we're going to expect real monolithic Māori to be inverted or up; and we're going to think that the company's profits are stable against the backdrop of rising raw materials prices, and that the company's costs are being passed on.
"One Wing" and globalization have advanced. The bone market is bigger or larger, and the company currently has a low rate of ownership of the bone market. Through 2019, we believe that the bone is a combination of the gypsum sales, the model of cooperation between the company and the distributors, or
Gradually, the future of the bones is expected to continue with high growth, depending on the edge of the company's cast board business; the company's strategy of a single-wing strategy, with a fast-growing water-resistant wing, has led to the establishment of an integrated management platform to implement “integrated management plus regionalization”
The company announced that it would acquire 70% of its shares in the Hong Kong, China and China, and that the water-proofing operation would be extended and purchased more quickly; the company has ongoing or planned construction projects in Uzbekistan, Tanzania, Thailand, etc., and has a number of locations abroad.
The size of the operations for which the gypsum boards were put into production, expanded and contracted totalled 3,838 million square metres. Small business development was limited in the larger context, and the company’s profit center was expected to continue to grow with the consolidation of the industry and the optimization of market patterns, while the country’s gypsum tablets were made worse.
Well-developed, city-higher, globalisation, bone-bone, water-proof business for the company.