There was a steady increase in sales in March, when technology matched the new car cycle. The company published sales data for March 2021, with a total of 40817 sales in March, an increase of 33 per cent over the same period. Of these, 24218 new energy vehicles were sold, an increase of 98 per cent over the same period.
• New sources of energy continue to be sold, and the hot car model gradually materializes. In March, the company’s new energy vehicle sales outpaced January, and we believe that the company’s new car cycle continues to be in circulation (million shares)
First, the company's flagship vehicle, Biadehan, continues to be sold with high heat. Second, the company's dmi super-mixed platform-related products have been filled with orders since they were marketed, and the delivery period begins in March, and will gradually increase the company's contribution as capacity climbs.
The manufacture of products d1, which also provides incremental amounts to companies, compares prices with trends in depth of 300 – and the combination of technology and new vehicle cycles, laying the foundation for follow-up sales performance.
In March, a blade battery and a brand-new Bialdi Wonpro were put on the market to launch the company's old car. In April, Qinev, Qinplusev, Songplusev, and e2 are expected to continue carrying the blade battery, which will lead to a complete upgrade in terms of continuity, safety and so on.
The Dmi super-mixed platform product has been well received since it was marketed, and public orders have burst, opening the way for companies to deflate. At the same time, the company’s brand-new pure power platform is expected to be launched at the Shanghai Car Fair, and is expected to improve safety, cost, and renewal.
Macroeconomic growth slowed: uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector: risks such as increased competition in the new energy and vehicle markets.
Biadey: Sales in February match expectations, waiting for new 3. Biadee: "Atward" with "Snap Up", branded Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Study Group: Covering the Electric New and Automobile Industries
Som Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master’s degree in research at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t let Igda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity chain.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information or that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.