Investment ratings: Purchases (maintenance) Companies publish the 1-quarter 2021 report, while in the first quarter of 2021 they achieved $41 billion in revenues, stable sales performance in single-quarter sales and pressure on profit margins.
Thirty-four percent of liquidity (million shares). The decline in sales led to an increase in single-car amortization, while the impact of large price increases led to a net operating cash flow of $142 million, a decline of 97 percent from the same period last year.
Good cash flow. We believe that the company’s business performance will be at the end of the first quarter of 2021, and that the company’s prices will compare to the trend of 300 deep, and it is expected that as the new car cycle moves and the adverse factors eases, the company’s performance is expected to move gradually towards the end of the first quarter of 2021.
In 2021, Biadi entered a strong-car cycle and actively promoted a green trip strategy. The dm-i supermix platform achieves a par price sale with fuel trucks, through comprehensive energy conservation, performance, etc.
At the same time, the Department launched platform e3.0 with four features: “intelligent, efficient, safe, aesthetic” based on e.
The first-car type of platform 3.0 is expected to be on the market in the second half of the year. We believe that the company is entering the period of centralization of products and technologies, and that the company's sales are expected to make a further breakthrough as the model of a vehicle carrying all of Biadi's new technology is put on the market.
Macroeconomic growth slowed: uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector: risks such as increased competition in the new energy and vehicle markets. 1. Biadi: steady growth in sales in March, technology and technology
Biadey: Performance meets expectations, new cycle 3. Biadey: Sales in February meet expectations, waiting for the New Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Study Group: coverage of the electricity and automobile industry
Som Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master’s degree in research at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t let Igda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity chain.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information or that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.