q1 car sales recovered significantly, and the cost burden of Maori fell.
Incidents: Biadi published a quarterly report in 2021, the company achieved business income of $40.992 billion in the first quarter of 2021, and the volume of car sales in Huang Soo Yo 2021q1 recovered significantly and its performance improved on a year-on-year basis.
108.31% longer. In the first quarter, 104.1 million vehicles were sold, an increase of 69.97% over the same period, and a significant increase in vehicle sales was the main reason for the increase in revenue. The net profit on the return of 2021q1 increased by 110.73% over the same period. The significant increase in the net profit on the return of the mother was mainly due to an increase in the sale of the entire vehicle and reasonable cost control over the period.
On April 29, 2021, it came to light that, in the area of new energy cars, the company's brand-new flagship cars, "Han" and the modified flagship, "Suv "Don" , gained the market's favor and that of consumers at large.
In the traditional fuel-car sector, Songprus is a new generation of 1.5-ti powered cars with good sales performance, and 2021-q1 traditional vehicles are sold.
Roe (ttm) was affected by the rise in raw materials, with a decline in the q1 Māori rate. The company’s Māori rate was 12.60 per cent in the first quarter of the year, mainly due to a significant decline in sales income from the epidemic during the same period last year, with a relatively high cost for the period.
Technological advances and product innovation are expected to help companies maintain the competitiveness of the car market. The company’s three-car model of the dm-i supermix system, Qinplusdm-i, Song plusdm-i, Dondmi, new technology dm-i supermix, is a power-based mix of consumers in 2021.
The most important highlight of the technology, which is as low as 3.8l/100km of oil loss, which allows for an integrated extension of 1,200 km of oil and electricity, is that the 100km acceleration is two to three seconds faster than a fuel vehicle of the same grade, the price of which is close to the same grade, the price of which is higher, and the volume of which is expected to increase even further.
The company’s new energy vehicle will gradually switch to Blade Batteries, and the improved safety of cars and batteries will attract consumers and increase the sales of boosted cars. The rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.