The sales were excellent, and the sales of dmi were steadily climbing up the slope Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the company announced sales in May 2021 and the sales of 46295 in May, a 45 per cent increase over the same period.
The new energy market is booming, with dmi steadily climbing. According to FMC data, 196,000 new domestic energy vehicles were sold in May, a 174 per cent increase over the previous year.
Circulation of equity (million shares) 18,711 vehicles in May, representing an increase of 126 per cent in the same year, benefiting from the hot sale of Bia Dihan and the listing of the plus series.
The price of the dmi super-mixed company, compared to its 300-deep trend, is very high and is still going uphill, with the Qin plusdmi ring ratio.
In 2021, Biadi entered a strong-car cycle and actively promoted a green trip strategy. The dm-i supermix platform achieves a par price sale with fuel trucks, through comprehensive energy conservation, performance, etc.
At the same time, the new model of the public platform is expected to be marketed from the second half of the year, further strengthening the company’s purity.
Competitiveness in the electric sector. Companies enter a period of concentration of products and technologies, and as new technologies in Biadi are put on the market, their sales are expected to make a further breakthrough. Macroeconomic growth slows: there is uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector: new energy sources
Risks such as increased competition in the car market: 1. Biadi: performance against expectations, waiting for new vehicles 2. Biadi: steady growth in sales in March, technology and technology.
Biyadi: The performance of the new car cycle The new energy and automobile research group of the Huaan securities industry covers new electricity and automobiles Som Weigen: five years of experience in the automobile industry, Master's degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years’ experience in lithium electricity research, covering the lithium electricity industry. Teen Fei: four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Financial Studies in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.