Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Research, Full Bank Affiliated Subdiaryofchimmerchantsbank
Biadi Holdings-a (002594ch) Semiconductor Subconductor Operations are marketed in an orderly manner and serve as a catalyst for short-term stock price increases. Monetary policy shifts.
In anticipation of a near-term return in equity prices, we still look forward to the company’s medium- and long-term upwards, based on 1) the Byadi’s new energy vehicle leader status is expected to be consolidated with the release of the dm-i series; 2) the battery supply is expected to land during the year; 3) the Byadi semiconductor’s listing valuation is expected to be over-expected in the absence of a core. We reiterate that the company’s purchases are expected to take place.
Biadi published sales data for April. A total of 45,234 sales were achieved in April, representing an increase of 42 per cent/ring relative to the previous year, with cfa 40.4 per cent longer, with 25,662 vehicles sold in passenger vehicles, an increase of 97.48 per cent compared with the previous year.
These include 16,114 pure electric vehicles, 8,920 plugged-in hybrids, and 628 new energy commercial vehicles. Han delivered 8,177 vehicles in April, compared to other Chinese electric vehicle manufacturers, Han Dong Xiaochuan Xiaochuan
In the case of Tang dm-i, it uses the cloud-plug-combined 1.5l turbines, high-voltage motors, the ehs mix, and the special power blade battery. Engine heat is 43%, while fuel consumption is only 5.3l/100km, and the combined voyage is 1,050km. We think that dm-
I experienced a significant increase in sales prices and use of economics. According to the current order-delivery cycle, we believe that the Biadidm-i series has been approved by consumers and is expected to become an orderly roll-out of the Biadi semiconductor board as the blades are released.
Biadi shares directly hold 72.30% of Biadi semiconductor shares and hold the shares of Biadi semiconductor. Biadi semiconductor main business is the development, production and sale of power semiconductors, smart controlic, intelligent sensors and photovoltaic semiconductors.
Igbt, sicinosfet, mcu, battery protection ic, ac-dcic, ccs image sensors, embedded fingerprint recognition, electromagnetic and pressure sensors, led light sources, led lighting, led displays, etc. We believe that Biadi semiconductors are in the context of counterglobalization of semiconductors and lack of core of semiconductors in the car code.
The stock-turnback offers a good opportunity to buy. We believe that the previous stock-turnbacks were largely due to a global recovery in which the market was gradually creating re-inflation expectations and the Fed’s monetary policy’s normalization.
2) 1q20 performance is slightly lower than market expectations. With regard to the volume of new energy cars, 1) blade-cell energy release; and 2) dm-i series (Qinplusdm-i, Dondm-i, Songplusdm-i) all contribute to the rapid growth of new energy sales. Looking ahead, we expect the Biadi cars to grow.
(rmb)