High-quality growth in seaboard + hard-to-land brands, Great Wall car depth reports, high-volume new cars, vertical industrial chain layouts. The company has now developed.
For the country's suv and Picard giants. The 2023 Hover brand dragon series, the Wei Blue Mountain High, the 2024 Hill, the tank-hi4 series of new cars were heavily launched, leading to a marked recovery in sales, in 2023.
The Division has a cumulative sales volume of 1,230,000 vehicles, +15.29% of the year. The company’s six core parts, weaves a web-blowing web to create a foundation for an electro-intelligent transformation.
In December of this year, the company released lemon dht, a new energy transformation for Lei Wei and Hafer. By mixing lemons and cross-country structures, he4-t, the Hover and tank-based he4-t series was launched, enriching the new energy vehicle model.
Export earnings have become a new engine of growth, producing and selling ecology for high-quality development. 2023 All-line overseas production capacity has been built, and the global R&D marketing system has become a systemic competitive force. Coffee + millimeter intelligence, hard-core cross-country tanks have made a profit.
Hard-pitched cross-country lanes, high-end branded tanks, and raising the average single-car price will make a profit. In 2023, the helper brand continued to grow through hi4-t technology and new energy routes.
Intelligent, a four-bit whole-of-a-car. A subsidiary, MMI, is committed to driving by car aid, driving products and mana water lake auto-driving data intelligence systems, building a full-scale smart driver, covering it for the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating. The company's new energy transformation is moving steadily, hard to cross the border.
The rise of tanks + steady growth in overseas sales + strong growth in profits, projected risks of macroeconomic cyclical volatility; industrial policy risks; industry competitive risks; new energy, 13 years of default vehicles, and an unstoppable transformation of new energy sources
The Great Wall is a world-famous suv manufacturing enterprise with products covering the three main product categories of suv, pickup, sedan, and autonomous packages with core parts such as engines, transformers, etc.
The Great Wall Motors Co. Ltd., formerly a Great Wall auto manufacturing plant, established in 1984, has evolved over 40 years into one of China’s largest manufacturing companies, Suv and Pika, with a brand of Haf, Wei, Ola, tanks, and the Great Wall’s five full-sized car brands, and has been producing a new product.
The product covers the three main categories of suv, sedans, pickups, and has the autonomous capacity to support core components such as engines, transformers, etc. From 2020 to date, the company has published “Lemons, Tanks, Coffee Smart”
Three technology platforms, a new four-drive power mix, hi4, autopilot-generated big models, speed up the transformation of electric intelligence. Five brands have full power to build a multi-product matrix.
Wei, Ola, Great Wall Picard, and Tank have five major brands and a large matrix of products. Hafer: Keeping the fuel truck and new energy markets on double-line.
The new hi4 technology is backed up by a full transition to a new energy track. In 2023, Huff sold 71.52 million vehicles, compared to +16.00 per cent. Wei: redefinition of high-end smart new energy sources, making smart travelers who know more about users
Accompanied by two major techniques, i.e., smart dht and coffee intelligence, to build a matrix of “coffee series” cars like mocha, latte, blue mountains, high mountains.
In March 2023, Ola and Sharon were integrated, and the coronary landed on Oraapp. Tanks: Positioned at the high-end luxury cross-country suv brands.
Tanks 500, tanks 400, tanks 700, etc. 4 cars. In 2023, tanks were listed 16.25 million, or +31.21% of the year.
Gun series, 20.23 million cards sold by companies in 2023, with a domestic end-market ratio of 10,745 thousand. In 2022, affected by the epidemic, the limited supply of spare parts and logistics, the rising cost of raw materials and the restructuring of the converted new energy stock, sales were slightly lower.
The average price of a company ' s bicycle has been on the rise, and in 2023 the average price of a company ' s bicycle was re-innovated to $12460,000.
With the increase in corporate sales and in the price of bicycles, the growth of corporate revenue has been rapid, with a total of 17,32.12 billion yuan in 2023, +26.12 per cent in the year, higher than the 32.28 billion yuan in automobile sales, an increase of 17.52 per cent in the year.
The bulk of the revenue is generated by automobiles, and spare parts are the company’s highest Māori rate. In 2023, the entire car sales business received $153,279 million, or 88.49 per cent; Corporate equity is concentrated, holding nearly 40 per cent of the shares, which facilitates corporate management.
On 31 March of that year, the company’s actual controller, Wei Jianjun, held a total share of 37.33%. Speed up the construction of vertical industrial chain layouts.
System solutions: Nobo is dedicated to car smart seats, interior and interior accessories, rubber systems; beehives are easy to create engines, transformers, power drivers and intelligent transformations; Mande electronics are responsible for lighting systems, heat management systems, electrical structures, etc.: beehives
In the field of smart driving, the company's smart driving forwards became a small bank in November 2019.
Hardware, mana data intelligence, et cetera. 2 lemon mix + hi4, accelerated power electrodynamic transition 2.1 phev booms and market competition patterns are concentrated
Domestic sales of phev (including incremental) increased faster than the overall growth of new energy vehicles, accounting for 27.879.784 million vehicles in 2023/2024q1 phev, compared to 83.92 per cent/+81.13 per cent in the same period, respectively.
+37.48%/+31.76%, and phev’s overall share of new energy vehicles is increasing, hoping to become a new growth point in the development of new energy vehicles in the country. The mixed market is more competitive, with 52% of Biadi’s market in 2023.
Increased competition in the mixed market, a shrinking trend in the city of Biadi, and the Great Wall car, based on continuous innovation in the hybrid technology, are expected to win a greater share of the market. 2.2 Autonomous research and development of the hybrid technology, accompanied by an accelerated electrical transformation of the brand
From pi4 to lemon dht to hi4, the company is constantly working to mix the platform, and wei and the tank's main model are being confused. The company's phev sales rose gradually, reaching 153,000 vehicles in 2023, accounting for 12.43% of the company's total sales.
Platform P4: Launched in 2018, the first new energy platform of the Wei brand, with the first lemon mix dht system: launched in 2018, launched in December 2020, with the first vehicle type, Machidodht-phev. The system is now available on Wei Quantue.
It's a car type, part of Hover's brand, and it's a new energy source for Hover and Wei. Hi4 technology +hi4-t technology: the company released hi4-t technology in March, April 2023.
A tank of 500, 400 etc. 2.3 Lemon dht+hi4 double layout, core mixer technology Lemon mixer dht: a high-integration oil power mixer system with a "7-in-one"
Efficient energy mixes always form the core of building hybrid power systems. They can be summarized as a hybrid system, two power structures, and three power combinations.
We can achieve multiple modes of work, such as ev driving, serial drive, combined drive, motor drive, energy recovery, and balance power and fuel consumption in various driving scenes. hev, phev, two forms of power.
The power motors have their respective advantages, and the combined power system can be as efficient as 50%. The phev structure carries high-energy-density power cells, which achieve a longer range of pure electrolytic mileage.
+dht130. In the phev structure, there is also a "1.5t +dht130+p4" driver combined. Figure 12: "Seven-in-one" can be multiple.
Hi4 technology is a cash company ' s lemon dht mixer (p1p3), designed specifically for the city suv, which is a four-drive-driven technology driven after p2+p4. Core component package: blended motors, pre-drive module totals, and low-middle-retardant batteries.
A four-drive hybrid model, typically structured as an engine plus a generator plus a front axle-drive + axle-drivers. The first generation of dht is p1+p3, and the current hi4 is to replace the power set on the front axle p1+p3 with a p2 generator, adding a p4 generator to the back axle, and so on.
It's built on a chain of two-axis conjunctures. Around cross-country requirements, he4-t uses a p2 structure. The p2 is integrated into a transformer box, retaining a four-drive structure of traditional non-codile machines, between the axes.
A seamless switch of 0-100 per cent torque can be achieved with tod and spin axe connections. Figure 13: Corporate priority phev model sales (vehicles) 3 have steadily increased overseas sales, opening up a second point of growth
3.1 Overseas sales have continued to increase, and the export of Chinese automobiles by the booster company has accelerated. In 2021, 16.15 per cent of cars were sold from 1 million to 2 million. The export of 2024q1 vehicles accounted for 132.22 million vehicles, compared to Chinese gas.
The company’s rapid growth in overseas sales is expected to be a major driver of corporate growth. Compared to +9.46 pcts, the company’s overseas sales account for 6.51% of total domestic automobile exports. 3.2 Global research, production, marketing, and high-quality overseas development have become a new engine of growth.
As of December 2023, the company’s network of automobile sales networks covered the world.
More than 170 countries and territories have been exported, more than 700 overseas outlets and more than 1.4 million overseas. We believe that high-quality overseas development has become a new driver of corporate performance and growth.
The company has set up three full-scale production bases abroad (Russia, Thailand, Brazil), while the company has increased its overseas R & D deployment in Ecuador, Malaysia, Tunisia, Pakistan, Japan, the United States, Germany, India, etc.
Canada, Austria and the Republic of Korea have established overseas R & D centres and technology innovation centres, with China’s headquarters at their core, which cover the global R & D landscape in Europe, Asia and North America, with a comprehensive coverage of research and development in a wide range of areas such as whole cars, core parts, new energy sources and intelligence.
Figure 20: Corporate Global Research and Development Center 4 smart technology enabling brands up, hard-core cross-country tanks pull around 4.1-a-café smart platforms and create a full-scale intelligent layout
Using coffee intelligence as the foundation of intelligence to provide a global smart solution for the entire car. The company-owned coffee-smart platform has developed a full-scale intelligent layout and evolved to 2.0, including autopilot, smart cabin, smart line control chassis, and completely new e/e electronics.
Café smart cabin system: 1+2+n design architecture with hardware high-speed 8155 chip plus software self-research. On hardware architecture, a high-level 8155 digital module computing platform has been pioneered. At the software level, the company has formed intelligent cabins, os, voice, map/navigation, visual calculations.
French and other software have a full self-research capability, of which the smart cabin has reached 200,000 (by March 2023). Currently, the coffeeos2 system has been mounted in the Haf second generation of dogs, thugs, dragons, dragons and Wei Moka, Blue Mountain, High Mountain, etc.
Café Smart Driver System: Self-researching the third generation autopilot platform icu 3.0+, working with High Tung and Hwa to build a first-class autopilot system. The company works with the Xiaojiang to develop the icu 3.0 platform, which has a single-board capacity of 360t.
The way forward is sustainable up to 1440t. Using a multi-visual + multi-mm wave + multi-laser radar, a strong integration perception algorithm is used to build pilot autopilots that are high-speed to city-wide. In-depth collaboration with Hightower on vehicle-borne smart chips will be high in 2022.
The snapdragonride platform will be used in corporate smart driving systems; in collaboration with Hwa, in areas such as smart network, smart driving, Hwa will be providing the company with a high-calc-based, computer-smart driver computing platform, and will work with the company to complete it.
In 2022, the Great Wall vehicle released an electronic architecture based on central computing and regionalization.
Geep4.0. The Geep4.0 architecture really fulfils the computational architecture platforms of "centralize," "intelligent" and "services".
The ultimate shape of the new generation of electronic structures in the future, with a single brain, full of smart-wings, 100% s0aization. Thousands of miles of intellectuals start at the end of the mill, using vehicle-assisted driving products +mana Snow Lake data.
System-driven companies enter autopilot 3.0 in 2019. The MMI was set up and is now in China’s top position for autopilot. Three Hpilots at the end of the year, backed by cars, have been loaded to nearly 20 cars, such as Wei, tanks, Ora, and the Great Wall cannon.
By May 2024, the millar user-assisted drive had broken over 141 million km. 4.2 Focused on hard-punished cross-country lanes, he4-t plus off-road + new energy development aimed at the cross-country suv blue sea market, building on the rapid enrichment of the product matrix of the tank platform.
In 2023, based on the release of hi4-t technology, the tank 500hi4-t, the tank 400hi4-t, and the tank 700hi4-t were launched, with a price range of $250,000 to 700,000.
The second growth curve of the tank brand was expanded by the he4-mixed technology. 700hi4-t was put on the market on 26 February 2024 and 800 tanks have been developed and are expected to be released in 2024, with further improvements in the he4-t class.
Building high-end branded tanks helps to raise the company’s average single-car value and pulls the main camp. The tank brand is now at the same price range as Wei’s, higher than the other brands under the company’s flag, while at the same time it continues to grow in volume and perform better than Wei’s brand.
New energy-enabling tank brands have developed a new dynamic to give high-end products a technological advantage. The sales of tank brands have continued to rise over the company’s total sales, and the sales of the hi4-t model have risen month by month, with new energy products from the 2024q1 tank brand accounting for 43.61%.
Figure 26: Tank brand sales and share of total company sales (millions)
Distribute performance by product: sale of automobile business, spare parts business, provision of labour business, molds and other operations. Combined with the disclosure of data for 2023 and 2024q1, the company ' s new energy transformation has progressed steadily, with the rise of hard cross-country tanks + foreign sales steadily
1. Risks of macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations: the automobile industry is one of the pillars of the national economy, with a high level of performance, financial performance and development prospects for the automobile industry
2. Industrial policy risks: the policy of industrial development, environmental protection and local support policies, among other things, may lead to significant future adjustments in companies’ production practices and their impact on the country’s economic development, macroeconomic policies and industrial restructuring.
3. Risk of competition in the industry: the market space for our new energy automobiles has been approved by major domestic and foreign manufacturers, and production bases and sales have been established in the country. Competition in the domestic market for cars and their related products has intensified.
4. New energy, electrical transformation risks: As global carbon is growing further, the market share of new energy is growing further, the share of fuel cars is squeezed, company electricization and intelligence are still in the transition phase, and the transition is likely to be less rapid and effective than expected.
A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for portfolio investment, produces the present report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and that any conclusions are not in any third position
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.