The new energy transition is being replaced by a new wave of energy and a full embrace of the Great Wall car (60163.sh) and a new era of electric + intelligence.
It was founded in 1984 with the first light passenger and cargo car, and then gradually expanded to pickups, suvs, cars.
The company currently has Huff, Tanks, Wey, Pika, Ora, and Aircrew Six brands, which have sufficient domestic production capacity and are located in Thailand, Thailand.
Qin Jiquang, a multi-dwelling plant in Pakistan, Russia, Brazil, and others, led the country's host plant, “Ecosystems”, which benefited from the high rate of growth in the promotion and export of luxury brands, as represented by tanks, and from the optimal structure of the company's products.
The same ratio +7.98%/several losses, with product structure optimization leading to average product prices and Māori growth. Longer: Technology develops anti-breathing products to consolidate tank brands and export leadership.
Parts and components, building on strong R & D inputs, companies entering the harvest period, technology-based enabling products, moving to the first echelons of new energy + smartness, becoming core competitiveness of companies, enabling corporate niche brands to further enhance product strength. Tank brands are now full coverage of the 200,000-7 million across the world Sov market.
With a more mature product matrix and a fast-track energy transformation based on a hi4-t hybrid system specially designed for off-road products, product sales are at the top of the segmented market, and future brands will publish high-end products of 800, continuing with a relatively deep 300-percent performance map.
To upgrade the brand ' s luxury properties, it is expected to generate new growth in sales. On the seaboard side, the company has more than 20 years of product travel, it has now completed all of its brands seaboarding, tank brand exports are rising rapidly, domestic brand advantages are beginning to re-radiate to the world, and the company ' s main distribution export markets are now Brazil, Mexico, and Brazil.
There is still much room for increasing the penetration of China's autonomous brands, such as those of Mexico, Russia and Thailand, and, under the strategic umbrella of “onegwm”, companies rapidly deepen their brand-wide overseas layouts and produce products adapted to local market characteristics. It is expected that overseas sales will continue to be the highlight of business throughout the year, promoting continued growth in profitability.
Shortcomings: Product rejuvenation + technology upgrade + channel adjustment embraces a new wave of energy and intelligence. The market expansion of the company’s first generation of new energy products has been lost because of deficiencies in product pricing, technology, channels, brand positioning, etc.
As a result of the remarkable advances in intelligent technology that have occurred in the harvest period, the company is quickly completing its past shorts and pushing for a new energy transformation. Haf: Using the performance advantages of the hi4 system to dig deep into the market, bring about pricing, high but highly variable products such as dragons, and so on, to improve brand recognition and appreciation.
Visibility; wey: Newcomers are making initial progress in expanding to the Blue Mountain market for R & D products, with smart driving at the start of the Beijing car, intelligent driving, intelligent cabin upgrades, and intelligent performance is expected to jump to the top of the industry, with hope that sales will grow again. At the same time, companies are testing the direct water camp model, which is planned to open 200+ retail centres by the end of the year.
Industry, adapted to high-end branding characteristics and improved marketing efficiency; Eura: A slowdown in the expansion of pure electric markets, acceleration of product rotations, increased competition in markets, slower company roll-out of new pure electricity brands, solid pure electricity product profitability, corporate full product class advantages, and a temporary shortage of platformed technology tools are expected to smooth off pure brands.
The disadvantages of this are that, after cutting-edge smart technology results have been applied at the forefront of high-end brands with the effect of raising the image of corporate brands, the parallel migration of smart technology is expected to increase market competitiveness for the Eurasia brand after product and technology have sunk, thereby stimulating the potential for sales growth.
Potentials and the advantages of the layout of “eco-seaing”, taking into account absolute and relative valuations, the company's rational car-making experience for 1 to 30 years has led to an autonomous brand, the product structure has contributed to an optimal performance (i) a deep historical casting has led to an autonomous brand head, and the overseas production capacity has expanded to lead the ecological journey.
The company was founded in 1984 at the Great Wall Automobile Manufacturing Plant, which started with light passenger and cargo vehicles, and then gradually expanded to the full product categories of pickups, suvs, cars, etc., with extensive vehicle manufacturing experience. With regard to spare parts, the company developed its own core power system in 2000.
At the forefront of the autonomous brand, ownership of the core parts is based on the firm’s role as the suv leader in the fuel-car market and its ability to rapidly transform new energy sources based on its technical skills. In terms of exports, the company achieved the first pickup in 1997 and has since opened up overseas markets, now owning overseas factories in many places, such as Russia, Uzbekistan, Thailand, etc., from the product to the sea.
Over the course of the company’s development, rich historical deposits have brought to the company an autonomous and reliable supply chain and an excellent product definition and whole-car manufacturing capability, helping the company grow into a leading company in autonomous brands. On 31 March, Wei’s military build-up indirectly held 37.70% of the company’s shares, while the remaining shareholders did not exceed 5%, benefiting from higher concentration.
Equity structures, efficient corporate strategic decision-making, and the rapid implementation and implementation of key strategic decisions, such as new products, eco-seaing, and new energy transformations, have also become one of the key new factors in companies’ long-term ownership of brand names. The company’s extensive affiliates include core parts and components such as body structures, electronic components, power systems, interior and interior accessories, chassis, smart systems, etc.
All-price suv products form the core of the brand, and brand integration enhances resource efficiency. The company currently has six major brands under its flag, not for the global suv brands "Hover", "tank" and "sud" and "wey" and "exclusive" for the fancy new energy brand.
In late 2022, in order to further improve resource efficiency and reduce the waste of resources due to differences in heat sales across brands, companies integrated brand distribution channels in which tanks and wey are integrated into the same distribution channels.
O'Laugher and Sharon are integrated into the same distribution channel, circumventing the waste of money from the sales channels that result from the low size of single brand vehicles and the low heat of the market, and raising the market visibility of other brands by playing the role of a hot-market brand sales channel. Multi-point placement of overseas markets, with guns taking the lead in exporting.
In terms of overseas capacity, the indigenously produced “eco-seaing” model can generate significant tax and employment support locally and is therefore more vulnerable to local government and national support, along with the country's auto industry.
The growing capacity to build, “economy out of the sea” has become an essential route to the globalization of China's autonomous branded cars, and the company, as a pilot of the “ecological out of the sea” model, has built factories abroad, including Pakistan, Uzbekistan, Russia, Ecuador, Brazil and Thailand, opening up a ceiling for the growth of its exports.
The year saw the implementation of different equity incentive schemes, covering up to 9,000 people, one of the most extensive mainframes for equity incentives, the implementation of the concept of “breeding with the workforce”, the binding of the company's core interests with a wide range of staff, the promotion of employee motivation through performance targets, and the steady improvement of the firm's performance.
(ii) High-end cross-country + export sales growth, leading to optimized corporate products, higher profit growth than income growth Product structure continued to optimize and higher overseas sales increased rapidly. In 2023, companies achieved a total sales volume of 1,230.7 million, compared with 15.29 per cent, and sales increased further to 18.82 per cent, leading to a sustained improvement in corporate product structure. In 2023, corporate overseas sales grew by 82.48 per cent on the same basis.
Given the fact that the company's overseas earnings are all the proceeds of full-scale sales, we calculate that the price of the company's domestic market bicycles in 2023 was about $10.9 million per vehicle, or +2.51 per cent of the year, and that they benefited mainly from tank branding.
The rise in the share of high-end vehicle sales represented a blow to the price reduction effects of the rise in industry prices. For overseas markets, in 2023 the unit value of the company ' s overseas products was approximately $1681,000, or +10.44 per cent, the absolute value and the rate of increase were higher than in the country, and our autonomous branded automobiles were competitive, able to enjoy higher premiums abroad and contribute more to the company ' s profitability.
The overseas market contributed significantly to profitability, with the return of the q1 Māori rate in 2024. In 2023, the company achieved the impact of the net return profit/fibre, increased the profitability of the company ' s main business, and in 2024 q1, the company achieved the net return/discount of the parent ' s profit of 3.228 billion yuan, or 20.24 million yuan, a 17.5-fold increase/a significant reversal of the loss, mainly as a result of an improved product structure and an increase in overseas sales.
The high volume of overseas sales led to a reversal of the Māori rate. The three-fee structure was optimized to maintain high levels of research and development expenditure.
Q1 corporate sales costs, management costs, financial costs, 3.98 per cent and 2.34 per cent, respectively, in 2024, but the trend of growth in absolute terms has kept companies focused on R & D inputs to upgrade technology.
II. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY: research and development of anti-breeding products, consolidation of cross-country brands and export leadership (i) Technology: building forest eco-technology systems, building core autonomous and controlled supply chains Forest ecosystems are car-centred, comprehensive deployment intelligent, new energy-related technology industries. Companies have built resource layers - tools.
On the one hand, the forest ecosystem has enhanced supply chain autonomy, with support companies mastering nuclear capabilities, by forming a core self-controlled core supply chain through a wide range of subsidiary configurations of new energy smart cars, including smart drivers, smart cabins, power cells, hydrogen sources, cable control chassis, etc.
On the other hand, a platform-based tool based on forest ecosystems can pool resources to upgrade technology, reduce costs by relying on multi-brand size advantages, and drive companies to lower technology. Research and development inputs are at the forefront of autonomous brands, laying the foundation for technology outcomes.
One is that, in 2023, the number of R & D personnel in companies was 4.65 per cent per year, lower than Biade, higher than Chang An, upper Steam, Gilly, Hiro, etc., and that high priority was given to R & D as a necessary prerequisite for driving companies to maintain their technological strength at the industry level, laying the groundwork for accelerated drops in forward technology outcomes.
Technology results enter the harvest period, enabling products to move to new energy + smart first ladder. Under the advantage of forest ecosystems, after the accumulation of pre-stage high-intensity technology research and development inputs, companies enter the harvest period for technology results, generating high-performance fuels, hybrids, pure electric power systems, sic chips, integrated casts, smart driving systems, smart cabin systems, etc.
Technology R & D, as the cornerstone of the competitiveness of products, provides the company brands with the tools for marketing (ii) Tanks: the hi4-t system with its hard-core market, continues to enrich the product matrix, which tends to mature to cover the 200,000-70 million cross-country suv market.
There are 300, 400, 500, 700 series of products, covering a price range of 20-7 million yuan, and a more complete product matrix has been created. On the power type, the first generation of 300 tank brands is fuel-powered, and the company then matures with the technology to mix hi4-t into tank brands and gradually expands 300, 400, 500, 700 versions of hi4-t to further enhance product competitiveness.
The product matrix maturity will be further enhanced by the release of 800hi4-t. Figure 18: Tank brands cover $200,000-70 million off-road suv market hi4-t innovative structures that create a genuine mix with off-road suv, creating a new era of cross-country suv power mix.
The hybrid structure for SUV, which is different from the oil-collaborative and interconnection model of the traditional hybrid structure, has a he4-t-coupled structure and retains a four-way machine model of an undismantled structure that uses electric power to achieve the power system's peak filling effect and ensures that the engine is always in the most efficient operating zone, allowing SUV to “strength, power, energy, and economy” fit the driver's panorama.
In contrast, tank 500hi4-t suffered from electricity losses (9.55l/100km) lower than the same fuel version (11.19l/100km), with zero acceleration to reach 6.9s and a clear optimization of power and energy consumption. Sales continued to rise with the maturity of the product matrix, occupying half the suv market.
In January-April 2024, tank brands sold cumulatively 697,000 vehicles, i.e. +98.30 per cent of the year, leading position, q1 in 2024, tanks 300, 500, 400 in rows of suv in the domestic retail off-road, tanks 300, 300, 500, 3 and 4 in rows, tank tags in the cross-country suv market, brands are well-received and marketed.
Two new items, of which 300hi4-t were limited to 3,000, were ordered out of order and the company’s powerful branding repertoire was sold out. In parallel with the horizontal expansion of the product matrix, the company was also leading the tank brand to a higher price range, and it was hoped that the new high end tank 800 would be released during the year, and that the tank 800 would continue to be based on strong performances compared to existing high-end products such as the Land Rover, the Horseman, etc. in the off-road market.
In the 1990s, the “onegwm” strategy opened a new chapter on “economy outing.” The company started to do so in 1997.
The first pickups of pickups were exported to the Middle East region, which has since opened the journey of products to the sea. In 2005-2013, the company focused on the deployment of overseas subsidiaries, understanding of local cultural and consumer habits well in advance. In 2014-2021, the company began the full deployment of overseas markets, the construction or acquisition of all-process plants in Eurasia, Thailand, Brazil, etc., and the promotion of brand names on overseas markets. 2022 was a landmark year of the company ' s new era of sea travel.
The “onegwm” global seaboard strategy, unlike the domestic multi-brand strategy, is based on a deep corporate history of sea travel, and the overseas “one big city” brand strategy makes it easier to raise brand visibility, thereby promoting “breathing out” the entire industry chain, including production processes, core hardware and hardware, and whole cars.
All brands have been made out of the sea. Tank brand exports have increased rapidly. In 2023, the company completed all brands. The export structure is still dominated by Haf and Pikka, 22.15 million vehicles exported by Haff in 2023, same as +94.63 per cent, dominated by Haffff&l (first love), h6 and f7, 48.3 million vehicles exported by pickups, same as —549 per cent.
Tanks, Ora brands have grown rapidly, with 251,000 and 20,500 vehicles exported in 2023, 26.21 times and 1.8 times higher, respectively, and tank brands have grown at a high rate as a result of their fast-growing product competition.
The company’s main export areas are somewhat similar to those of the country’s automobile exports, mainly Brazil, Mexico, Russia, and Australia.
In Leah, Turkey, Thailand, etc., autonomous brands have not yet been fully deployed in the above-mentioned areas, and in 2024 q1, with the exception of the Russian market, where China has a market penetration rate of over 50%, Chinese brand penetration in other countries is generally 10-25%, with greater scope for upgrading. In addition, the public administration has factories in Brazil, Thailand, Russia, etc., where the company's “ecological out” model is in place.
The “onegwm” strategy has yielded initial results, and continues to deepen the brand-wide overseas layout. Based on the reputational advantages of the “onegwm” strategy, the company’s recent branding abroad has continued to accelerate, and the company’s products cover all the power lines and can be launched locally.
Products suitable for local markets, such as the promotion of localised production in Thailand, listing in areas with high consumer capacity like Europe and Dubai, etc., are beginning to show the advantage of a full-scale layout. The accelerated layout of overseas markets is expected to be a bright spot for companies throughout the year, creating profitability for companies.
(i) Reciprocal mix of fuel products, lack of market competitiveness, low consumer continuity of pure branding, new energy transformation of companies lags behind the market as a whole, mainly as a result of the mixed transformation of the Hover and Wey brands, and a decline in sales of OLC. In 2023, the company achieved a total sales of 26.2 million new energy vehicles, compared to 98.74 per cent, and in 2024 q1, the company achieved a total sale of new energy vehicles.
In 2023, q1’s new energy vehicle penetration rate was 21.29% or 22.05%, respectively. In terms of volume, the distribution of Haver, Wey, and the distribution of multi-portfolio blended products has been weak, and the collapse of the super-Oura brand sales has affected the overall growth in the company’s new energy vehicle sales.
One is based on a mixed version of fuel products, and prices are not competitive in the market. The company’s first generation of blended products is mainly based on the company’s pre-supplier version of a blended version, such as h6, big dogs, mocha, lattes, etc., which is generally higher than the fuel version, at over $30,000, with a maximum price difference of up to $120,000, subject to the impression that fuel products are in the consumer’s heart, with a large initial mix of mixed products.
Higher prices can easily trigger consumer comparisons and discourage the expansion of markets for new products, while at the same time being subject to less than apparent forward-scale effects, and the lack of market competitiveness in prices for products such as Songpus and Tangpus, which are market-heavy, hinder initial product promotion, do not achieve less intelligent functions for 2-generation products and do not effectively replace traditional foreign capital/joint venture brands.
In the competition with traditional foreign capital/joint venture brands, where foreign capital/combined brands have a distinct brand reputation for fuel products, they make it easier to create effective alternatives to foreign capital/joint ventures, for example, through the design of innovative smart compartments under ideal l9.
Substitution has been achieved for luxury products such as bba, but the company's first-generation blender lacks the intellectual ability to compete with the fuel truck.
Channel 3 did not follow up on new energy transformations in a timely manner, and there was a lack of end-marketing capacity. First, because of the relatively small number of prior-phase blended products, companies used the marketing model of the oil and electricity conglomerates at the end, end-distributors failed to adapt adequately to the marketing characteristics of the blended products, lacked a deep understanding of the characteristics of the commingled products in the marketing referral, and failed to provide sufficient publicity for the sale of the commingled products; second, public,
In the past, the Division ' s product was concentrated mainly on economic products, with insufficient experience with the marketing of the Wey brand, which is located in high-end luxury brands, affecting the expansion of high-end brands; and, lastly, the location of traditional distribution outlets is more remote than that of the New Forces ' supermarkets in the centre of cities, with regional disadvantages in the promotion of new energy products, affecting the marketing of new energy products.
2 - Reasons for the decline in sales of pure electricity products: cost pressures to stop producing heat products, branding small groups to discourage the continued increase in sales of products, price hikes in lithium carbonate have forced Ola black and white cats to stop production, and the steady growth of female brand sales has been less dynamic. As a result of high downstream demand growth and delays in capacity-building, lithium carbonate entered an imbalance in supply and demand in 2022, prices rose rapidly to more than $500,000, and batteries increased rapidly.
The cost rises rapidly, forcing the company to stop producing the pre-supplier pure electric cat, which focuses its product on more than compact products. Upon its launch, the cat benefited from its unique positioning and beautiful interior design, and the product continued to be hot for some time, but because the brand was located in the female market, the design style was small, the market ' s potential fell short of the mainstream market, and sales were on the rise.
O'La car, new energy cars that love women more: (ii) Hafer: product re-competing with market competitiveness, hi4 with deep-drawn markets.
In 2024, q1, total sales in the compact suv market were 13.694 million vehicles, or +3.22% of the year, of which ev sold 16.12 million vehicles with a penetration rate of 11.80%, compared to 4.16pet, phve with a penetration rate of 17.63 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of 12.88%, compared to +2.85 pt, the penetration rate was higher for the first time for households.
For the first time, car shopping options, mileage anxiety, etc., have affected the continuity of the sale of ev products, and in the course of the continuing penetration of new energy vehicles on a wider scale, phev has become a better choice for households, and it is expected that phev will be the main driver of the rise in new energy penetration rates in compact markets.
A 5-10% discount on the purchase of vehicles has had a clear stimulus effect, as well as a local subsidy policy that allows consumers to buy extra advantages, with multiple factors added to the tight patching up of the suv market, which still has a large market space. With consistent prices, the whole car has been raised, the size of the flat, the size of the flat, the size of the cabin has been reduced, and energy consumption has been reduced.
The Hi4 system, developed autonomously by the company, has achieved “four-drive experience, two-drive price, four-drive performance, two-drive energy consumption” through a dynamic switch to an intelligent energy management system of 3-timulus-9, which has achieved “full-time efficiency, full-scope driving, no worries”, compared to a combination of incremental and one-stop-and-a-mix systems, which have been upgraded in urban areas, high-speed driving, etc., to produce product belts.
For a compact market, Hover's brand new energy products are in a position of backward growth, and Hoff's location is markedly different, with higher pricing than the market-based Somplus, Milky Way, etc., with a larger-size "squarebox"-type design and a four-drive system in use for energy consumption.
A significant increase in power performance with modest growth has created a differentiated product that is distinct from the mainstream market, avoiding direct competition with the market’s popular model, increasing brand recognition and visibility by diagnosing consumer groups’ consumption potential. Moving forward with product renewal and upgrading the product matrix.
On behalf of the Secretary-General, it is expected that during the course of the year, the H9 and Maroon Max transfers will be made using boxes similar to those of the Dragons, which will show greater improvement in power systems, interior and external apparel, and the new energy version will be expected to carry the company's superior hi4-t cross-country hybrid system, which will significantly improve the competitiveness of products; and that the Maroon Max is a brand-newly designed model of the Haver brand, free of the marketing disadvantages of the old tweaking.
Good sales results, with more than 6,000 single-month sales, significantly better than the other Hover blended products, are expected to lead to further growth in product competitiveness after re-priorization in 2024, contributing to the increased visibility of Hover’s new energy brand.
(iii) Wey: Smart Sword refers to the first line of the industry, creating a direct channel to improve marketing efficiency, which is leading to an excellent market for R & D products, and a fast-tracked Wey market on Blue Hill. Blue Mountain is the first new energy product under the Wey flag that is being developed, is an important milestone in the new energy transformation of Wey, and is the generation that drives Wey to high-end luxury brands.
The full rejuvenation of the surface, interior, intelligence, etc., has led to excellent product competitiveness in the Blue Mountain, which was marketed with good market resonance, with a single-quarter sales of more than 12,000 vehicles in 2023 q3, reversing the low sales of the Wey medals and, despite the subsequent decline in sales in the Blue Mountain as a result of increased market competition, maintaining relatively stable market heat. q1, Blue Mountain, 2024
On April 25, the Blue Mountain driving edition was launched at the Beijing Car Fair, with full intellectual upgrades. In intelligent driving, 27 sensors, including laser radar, and the latest generation of coffeepilot were mounted.
The ultra mind drive system, which supports a panorama-free map Noa, achieves 100% deprecated maps, also uses industry's first-tier full-inches combined screens and 17.3 inches backstage entertainment screens to form four screens linked to the dashboard, and the world's first space-in-the-carriage interactive technology - coffeeairtouch. In addition, the Blue Mountain mind drive has a 29-inch sr-hud, which is linked to a series of smart driving functions.
On May 1, the first 33 retail centres opened under the company’s flag, the company’s first attempt on a direct camp model, which will be divided into retail centres (exercise, test drive, billing, services), delivery centres (delivery, delivery).
The direct-camp model was first applied to two of the top-end brands of Wey and Tanks, and the direct-camp model was some of the solutions to the company’s inefficiency in marketing in the past due to lack of knowledge of high-end brands in distribution channels.
It is expected to enhance the efficiency of high-end brand sales and to complement the significant improvements in Blue Mountain intelligence performance with a smooth roll-out of new products. (iv) Ora: increased competition in the pure electricity market and slower product distribution process to respond to competition in the market.
Pure electric market sales slowed down and market competition intensified. In 2024, q1, pure electric compact car markets yielded 1,426,000 vehicles with a penetration rate of 16.19 per cent, same ratio of 2.20 pct, ring ratio of 5.02 pct, net electric large market sales of 5782,000 vehicles with a penetration rate of 20.80 per cent, same ratio +0.46 pc, ring ratio-0.82 pct, combined with the drop in pure electric compact suv penetration rate mentioned above, total electricity
The current phase of bottlenecks in market development is due mainly to the fact that the share of new energy vehicles continues to increase and the coverage continues to expand, as the share of the group of consumers buying new goods increases further, and consumers tend to increase their tendency to mix the “oilable” characteristics in the first choice of car products. In the context of the slowdown in the overall market expansion, the market has been boosted by a large number of market participants and the acceleration of new car-type overlaps.
In the context of overall market competition and drama, companies intend to slow the roll-out of new Eurasia brands, focusing on the replacement of existing products, on April 26th.
In 2024, Euratom & gt Mulan was placed on the market, with a price of $10.58-1358 million for the new cat, $25-30 million lower than in 2023, and a price of $11.98-1298 million lower than the price of $2023, resulting in a marked improvement in price competitiveness. As a result of the decline in sales of the Ora brand, brand competitiveness has declined, and under the current market conditions, the market impact of the blind introduction of new products is likely to be positive.
At the same time, the broad product layout of the company ' s multi-brand strategy and the technological advantages of platforming can make up for the disadvantages of the temporary absence of the Ora brand, the increased reputation of the brand that comes from the use of cutting-edge smart technology in high-end brands, and the rapid technological transformation of the future of the Ora brand after product and technology have settled.
Companies are expected to sell up to 1,429 million each year, with tank brands and major export contributions. We believe that the company’s product strategy adapts to current trends in new energy markets and changes in the competitive position of companies’ brands, which are expected to be “supplemented” by the company.
Of these, 9.31 million were sold domestically, i.e. + 1.78 per cent, 240,000 were sold by tank brands, 79,000 were sold by Wey, 498,000 were exported, i.e. +57.59 per cent, 340.0 million were exported by Hafer, and 55,000 were exported by tanks.
In the new energy transition, companies are leading the he4-h4-t performance industry and are expected to lead product competitiveness and grow into a new energy-intellectual host based on mature intelligence gains in the first line of the industry Absolute valuation method: valuation using the dcf absolute valuation method, risk-free interest rates with the latest ten-year rate of return on national debt, market rate of return
Taking an average return (annualized) of 10 years ' depth 300 indexes. At a weighted average capital cost (wacc) of 0.5 per cent positive and negative fluctuations, perpetuity of growth Relative valuation method: using the pe valuation method, companies are valued relatively, with Biadi, Chang An, Cyrus as comparable commons, three companies averaged 16.51 per cent in 2025, and the company estimated a premium of 16.86 per cent in 2025.
On the one hand, the company’s low sales of new energy vehicles and technological advances in core components such as smart and power systems are expected to lead to a rapid increase in the volume of new energy vehicles; on the other hand, the company is a leader in the country’s “ecological out-of-sea” market, and overseas sales are expected to remain at a high level of 1, and the volume of new energy vehicles sold below expectations. The company’s new energy transformation is temporarily lagging behind as a market catcher, a new source of new energy.
Market diffusion may be less than expected, thus affecting the growth of sales.2 There is a risk of increased competition in the market. There is a large number of participants in the new energy market, and an increase in product convergence may lead to increased competition in the market, affecting the market share of the company and the level of profitability of the product.
Intelligent technology is less likely to be developed than expected. High-level intelligent driving imposes higher demands on safety, reliability, requires better technological R & D capabilities, and the pace of intelligent technology moving to higher levels may slow down as technological progress slows down.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.