The company's business has grown steadily and is looking forward to the long-term development of the system, the mid-2018 China Electronics (600372), the mid-2018 China Electronics published its semi-annual report for 2018, and the company achieved operating revenues of 2.973 billion yuan during the reporting period.
The net profit attributable to listed companies increased by 1.77 per cent during the reporting period, significantly less than the increase in operating income.
The amortization of amortized interest on debt of $51.69 million, which did not occur during the same period the previous year, led to a marked decline in net corporate profits and stable company operations. We believe that companies have a more complete air electronics industry chain, often delivered centrally in the second half of the year, and their operations will continue to grow steadily.
The DTP will improve the company ' s product spectrum, and the domestic market space for civil-military air and electricity systems will allow the transfer of 11 projects to be implemented as planned, and the future product spectrum will be more comprehensive, supporting the company ' s business.
Our military fleet is currently less than a quarter of the size of the United States, and with the modernization of the military, we expect the market for military air and electricity systems to be more than $160 billion over the next 10 years. The size of our civil air and electricity system is estimated to be close to $200 billion over the next 20 years, and companies have been involved in the national production of civil aircraft, such as c919 and ag600.
The company will benefit from the market space for civil-military air and electricity systems. The remodelling and mixing of research institutes will be steadily advanced, and the company’s platform will either benefit from the infusion of assets into the company’s overall hosting of 100% of the company’s shareholdings, including thunder stations (607) and photovoltaics (613).
With five institutions and several high-quality companies, hosting revenues in the first half of the year amounted to $4.8 billion. As the country’s scientific research institutes have been transformed and amplified steadily, the company, as a platform for the publicization of its navigational systems, will be able to inject large quantities of high-quality assets into its expectations in the future, and the company’s valuation is currently low and will have much scope for growth in the future.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company's clients (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) use the information of legal compliance to produce this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.