12 inches of production acceleration, start of auto and industrial phase power module encapsulation project with an eye to the future.
Building Ltd., which is to purchase 9 12-inch crystal-crystal extension furnaces, tests, etc. from the associated firm Xiamenslan cumulators, for a total transaction of $4,631.17 million (excluding taxes).
The bill, which proposes to build a “Front-building project for the construction of a vehicle- and industrial-grade power module and a power-integrator package” through an excellent investment by a controlled subsidiary in Chengdu, has a total investment of 758 million yuan, which will be used to capture the power semiconductor climate cycle and release the order of the Extended Support Company.
The large-scale extended film manufacturing base that Ran invested in Slanwa in the Chengdu-Adam Industrial Development Area will save the public Autumn Research Assistant through the purchase of equipment such as a 12-inch crystal round-out furnace, test instrument from the relevant party Sranco.
The Department's procurement cycle increases the capacity to make 12 inches of crystal-crystal extensions. The current power semiconductor is approaching a high-scenes cycle, where production capacity is in short supply. The company holds the 12 inches of crystal-crystal capacity of Xiamenslan cumulators, which accelerates the climb. The slopes are expected to reach 3.5-4 million units by the end of 21 and 60,000 units by the end of 2222, and the capacity is expected to climb significantly.
Launch of the Automotive and Industrial Power Module Encapsulation Project, Active Automobile and Industrial Level Igbt Markets: At the same time, the company announced that it was proposed to build a “Model and Industrial Power Modules and Power Integration Devices Envelope Production Project Phase” through the Holdings Company. Expansion of Power Devices and Power Module Encapsulation
In recent years, Sri Lanka has given high priority to the development of high-end products, especially in the case of igbt, where the ipm module, other than air conditioning, has been used by mainstream white power producers in the country, and the company is moving well in the area of automobiles and industrial-grade igbt. Enveloped products are now in bulk supply, and are being evaluated and validated with mainstream domestic and international cars.
The company’s expansion of car and industrial envelopes will help the company actively capture the gbt’s generation window period, and demonstrate its strong confidence in the future growth of the automobile and industrial markets. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net return to the mother in 2021-2023 to be 924 million, respectively
Slanwe, one of the leading home-grown Idm companies, is currently benefiting most from the trend of tight output and, with sustained and robust R & D inputs and adherence to the technological advantages accumulated by the Idm model, is competitive in its products, driven by the high profile of downstream markets, and is able to grow in the future.
Sran's Insight Report: Power Idm Old, New Path Risk Factors: Industry cyclical Volatility Risks, Technology Inconsequenced Risks, Capability Climbs and Clients Instant 2021.04.28
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The University of Electronics and Technology in Xian, which has been a leading researcher, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, has foreign experience in the field, such as instruments in Texas, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It has also been a sponsor of the country’s well-known semiconductor incubation platform of 10 coffees, which helped many semiconductor companies to finance early.
The Golden Cow Award, 18/19, was ranked 3/2 in the electronics industry: Li Shunqing, Master of Arts, Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018 and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal mills, digital chips and radio frequencies, with a balance between panels and smart machines.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, in 2020, joined the Sindha securities, covering vrar, optical, and storage plates. Autumn Kotao, a Master of Asset Assessment, joined the Sinda securities in 2020, with the ability to produce, cover power, simulation, and seal plates.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.