The Pro-Assualty brand rises at a high rate of growth, and the Topper Group (601689) announces a review on 19st of the year 2017.
The company issued a public announcement that, according to preliminary estimates by the Treasury Department, it was expected to return to its parent net profit at the same rate as in 2016.
Rapid growth. 1) According to the China-China Air Association, in 2016, autonomous brands increased by 20.5 per cent by car, which is 14.9 per cent higher than the overall level of industry, by 2 percentage points to 43.2 per cent, and autonomous brands increased by 57.6 per cent, and by 4.8 per cent to 58.2 per cent, respectively, for the whole of the year; 2), the branch of interest
There is a strong growth momentum in four major business portfolios, a strong rise in external beneficiary ownership brands, historical accumulations of internal beneficiary companies and a strategic plan to keep pace with the trend of automobiles, and a strong momentum in four major business groups.
1. The rise of autonomous brands benefiting from earthquake mitigation operations, the production of hot sales models such as Gilly, Fukuda Bovo, and the binding of generic large clients, e2xx platform orders and gem platform orders, and the pre- and post-linking of those orders, together to ensure a rapid growth of operations in this area: 2) policy dividend, ownership of the mandatory air quality regulations that are expected to benefit from this year ' s benefits
(c) Metal control arms, in a light quantitative trend in industry, have been expanded and released to achieve high growth below the low base;
The growth in production capacity will accelerate, and performance is expected to double on a continuous basis.iii. Profit forecasting and investment advice.Corporate business growth, such as traditional shocks, interiors, etc., provides a high security margin, and looks forward to a light future for the company in cars.
Quantified, intelligent layouts and performances expect companies to extend their M & As initiatives in the future. Without consideration of the industry, the automobile industry sells less than expected, the backup model sells less than expected, and the new business layout is less advanced than expected.
Q: The driving force behind the significant growth in performance is still strong: Joakin Rock, Master of Software Engineering, Beijing University, joined the Chinese student securities in 2012, with four years of experience in business. Yu Haikun, Master of Business Administration, Qinghua University, nearly eight years of experience in the automobile industry, expert in auto circulation and after-service services.
Management of sales in the North, in which a car electrician is responsible for national offline development and brand promotion activities, with two years of post-car business experience, investment and research in car networking, car finance, new energy battery materials, charger posts and o2o automobile services, among others. Joined the civil securities in 2016. Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management at Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of experience in large commercial car enterprises, with the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management, familiarizing themselves with the strategy of the Department, product planning, marketing planning, etc. Joined civil securities in 2016. Xu Lingyu, Automobile Research Assistant. Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of professional experience, focussing on smart cars, and research in the area of new energy vehicles.
The author, with the qualifications and considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, without any third party's approval.