On July 21, the South Mountain Aluminium Industry announced its intention to invest $2 billion in self-financing to build 200,000 tons a year.
A lightly quantified aluminium band project for vehicles, with investments of 2350 mm single-machine chiller 1, 2400 mm line reheat treatment 2 and 2400 mm line degradation 1 production line, with a construction period expected to be 18-30 months.
\triangleright New Energy Vehicle Light Quantified Needs accelerates the process of using car aluminium plates. According to His data, demand for Asia's aluminium plates was about 130,000 tons in 2017, rising to over 1.3 million tons in 2025.
Military enterprises, technology that break the foreign monopoly, have become suppliers of internationally recognized new energy sources, such as the BMW, the BMW, the Volkswagen, and Shanghai General, and have high customer resources. A new 100,000 tons of productive capacity has been successfully brought to production in the first quarter of 2021, with an annual capacity of 200,000 tons and a total of 400,000 tons after delivery in 2023, fully embracing the high growth of the industry.
Industrial chain integration, with cost-side advantages 23.72% annual Māori, with advantages over most aluminium smelters or aluminium processors in the industry, for reasons that, in addition to tonnes of capacity, 2 million tonnes of Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia will be added to capacity after delivery in 2021, guaranteeing the sustainability of resources.
Here; 3) close to the port, low freight costs, further cost reduction. Growth points are diverse, company performance or fast growth period \triangleright
In addition to the steady demand for traditional aluminium materials, 21 years of intensive production led to rapid growth in the company's performance 1) Aluminium Oxide: Aluminium Oxide Project Indonesia is expected to start production in the first phase of the project, based on a market gap of around 6 million tons in Indonesia, matching market demand, and local bauxite prices in Indonesia are low, artificial and flaring
(b) Aluminium processing: the company's high-end processors, including, in addition to car plates, airboards, batteries, etc. The company is the country's first world-class aviation panel supplier, and has been certified as full-scale, series of aluminium alloys for Boeing, Airfarers, etc.
The company produces 26 million tons of aerospace-based high-end aluminum alloy production technology projects, which are expected to start production in the course of the year. In addition, the company is working on the construction of aluminium-based batteries in Biade, Ninder, and others.
Vendors, 168,000 tons of high-end aluminum production in the construction of 21,000 tons of high-end aluminum line can be used for battery thug production, and in 2021 new capacity was released to historical heights, and the company itself had a cost advantage and the high-end aluminum product was growing up after childbirth. We believe that the public ministry’s central valuation is expected to increase, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Project delivery delays, aluminium price falls and sales fall short of expectations