Events of 30 October 2020: the company released its third quarterly report for 2020 on 30 October. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $6.4100 billion, an increase of 26.29 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother
114.79 billion yuan, representing an increase of 26.37 per cent in the same year, representing a decrease of 21.06 per cent in net profits of $7.04 billion after deducting non-recurring gains and losses; net cash flows from operating activities. Companies realized operating income of $25.367 billion in the third quarter of the year, an increase of 39.61 per cent in the same year and 24.36 per cent in the ring. Total profits of $9.788 billion, an increase of 81.31 per cent in the same year, an increase of 125.97 per cent in the ring; net profit of $6.493 billion, an increase of 102.11 per cent in the same year and an increase of 146.90 per cent in the ring; net cash flows from operating activities
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company increased its coal production by 8.41 per cent over the same period; in the second quarter, coal sales by 172.963 million tons over the same period increased by 40.15 per cent; in the second quarter, coal by 7.43 per cent over the same period; and in the third quarter, Māori by 20.400 billion over the same period decreased by 4.32 per cent.
The closing of the trust fund led to a significant increase in investment return performance, a decline of 15.08 per cent compared to the previous period. The net return on the return on the investment increased significantly in the third quarter, mainly due to a significant increase in return for investment. On 8 September 2020, the company trust project “West Xiaoxi Coal (601225.sh) issues were rated: improved red notes”
The Ministry's Trust `Single Funds Trust for Investment in the Sing-Suk Industry' ended its liquidation and contributed significantly to current performance, achieving investment returns of $5,071 million in the single quarter of the Singxi coal industry, heavy shareholder returns, proposed debt transferable to improve the efficiency of the use of funds.
Qualified management capacity is evident from the decline in the level of fees and fees. Quite an improvement in performance, with expected increases in the second half of the year. 2020.08.26 The first three quarters of the Xiaoxi Coal industry generated sales costs, administrative costs, and financial costs totalling $5,757 million, with a 11.35 per cent reduction in the rate of 11.11 pct over the period.
The sum of interest-bearing liabilities (short-term, long-term, debt-payable, non-current liabilities due in one year) is $15,861 million, presented as cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of the city of Beijing invests in the upgrading of the anti-breeding industry, or in saving for the entry into the new economy.
According to disclosure information, in addition to holding shares in Lungi, the Xinxi Coal industry has repositioned the industry of lithium. At the same time, the company has posted directors to Lungi shares, the Lithium industry, to keep track of the changes in the industry.
Changes in upstream and downstream industrial chains, and good post-investment management to support corporate transformation. Profit predictions and investment ratings: taking into account the release of production capacity and the decline in future capital spending in the mine number two, the build-up of the Hodge railway brings downstream coal demand. Annual profit projections are 1.32.1.33.1.43 yuan (formerly projected at 0.95/17/1.29), excluding the issuance of a transferable debt based on the latest disclosure by the company.
The conversion of shares could lead to an increase in equity, in line with the latest distribution policy in the Xianxi Coal industry (the annual cash distribution of profits from 2020 to 2022 is not less than the risk factor achieved in the same year: lower than expected macroeconomics, higher than expected price of coal, more fixed pipelines, and less than expected on the Hoji railway. \triangleright
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Chao Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.