The value of the mineral copper gold rose and the company's performance re-invented.
Primary metal volumes have risen substantially, contributing to the net profit of the company. In a single quarter, the company q2 achieved operating revenues of 75.640 billion yuan, i.e. 0.33 per cent of the year, ring + 1.15 per cent of the year; and net return to the mother, i.e. $8.824 billion, xuzhengkun@dgzq.com.cn
During the first half of the year, the company ' s principal metal volume rose and sold out, while the cost of the sector ' s minerals was reduced through efficiency gains. During this period, the company achieved 519,000 tons of mineral copper, 35.4 tons of mineral gold, 222,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead) and 210.3 tons of mineral silver, with mineral copper, gold and the same rate of increase.
For 5.3 per cent and 9.5 per cent, the overall mineral Maori rate increased by 5.6 to 57.3 per cent over the same period, boosted by a major breakthrough in the new round of mining and continued to increase the company ' s reserves. In the first half of the year, company prospecting for mining produced significant results, and the company-owned Tibetan dragon copper mine and the Heilongjiang copper mine were added to the list.
In addition to the 18.37 million tons of copper metal resources and 57.770 million tons of new copper metal reserves registered, representing about 14.2 per cent of the copper reserves in China at the end of 2022, the southern mg of the Pigi copper gold mine in Serbia is looking forward to the discovery of large-scale high-grade copper gold deposits, the Vuritika gold mine, the north-east of the Manono lithium mine, and Norton.
In the first half of the year, the amount of corporate equity resources increased by 6.197 million tons of copper, 53.71 tons of gold, and 3,334 tons of silver.
Gold copper prices are expected to remain high, guaranteeing steady growth in company performance. Copper supplies continue to tighten at the end, while copper downstream consumption is expected to increase steadily, driven by energy structural transformation, electric car development, etc.
On the gold side, as the Fed’s monetary policy is about to shift, the geostrategic situation and the risk of political elections have led to an expected high price of gold. In the meantime, the company’s three-stage copper mining plant, Kamoa, was completed six months ahead of schedule, and copper production will rise to the post-natal level.
More than 600,000 tons are the largest and third largest copper mine in Africa; 2.4 million tons/yearly selected gold mine and 5 tons/year gold smelting project are scheduled to be completed. The company’s major mineral projects are proceeding in an orderly manner, and the growth in corporate performance is guaranteed against the backdrop of the prospect of maintaining a high price of stacked gold and copper.
Investment proposals: the company's copper gold plates continue to be released and its rich resource reserves and diversified mineral groups are at risk; the industry's competitive risks; downstream demand is not as high as expected; and foreign trade export risks.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.