q2 has a record high profit and cost control capacity is continuously validated: copper continued to grow at a high rate.
Ten thousand tons (18 million tons of interest), 210.3 tons of mineral silver (140.7 tons interest), of which mineral copper, gold production increased by 5.3 per cent and 9.5 per cent, respectively, and continued to increase at a higher rate, contributing to the company ' s performance against a background of rising volume prices (24h1, corporate copper account for the group ' s Māori.
49.1 per cent of the group ' s Māori business accounts for 28.3 per cent of the group ' s Māori.The underlying logic of the enhanced valuation, with continued validation of cost control capacity, is an important manifestation of mining competitiveness.
Quicker construction of a global operational management system with purple gold features, with top/minimum cost controls for 52 weeks in priority areas such as overseas projects, with “control” work gradually showing “efficiency gains”, 2024h1, corporate copper concentrate bill
In the context of continued geopolitical disturbances and the rise of national resourceism, companies have actively reduced efficiency gains and managed to keep costs under control in the first half of 2024, down by 6.73%.
In our view, excellent cost-control capabilities can reduce the profit volatility associated with commodity price waves, and are an important force for mining companies to increase valuations. The capacity to control the cost of the purple gold mining industry has been continuously validated and is expected to raise valuation levels in the future, as we have previously published.
• Continuously increased reserves, with a new round of mine searches yielding significant results: 2024h1, combined with the Tibetan Dragon and Black Dragon River copper mines under the company’s flag
In addition to the 18,377,000 tons of copper metal resources and the 57,777,000 tons of copper metal reserves added to the records, a survey of the southern Serbian copper gold mine, mg, is expected to discover large-scale, high-grade copper deposits, Vuritika gold mines, north-east of the Manono lithium mine, Norton gold fields, mountain violet gold, zirconium.
There have been positive developments in the exploration of lithium-origin mines, battle iron-mine preparations, etc. Excellent prospecting processing capacity is expected to continue to enhance corporate resource reserves.
The company ' s strategic direction is correct, and its performance is consistent and efficient. The company ' s fundamentals are good, and the achievement of the targets is accelerated. The company ' s announcement on production planning for major mineral products over the next five years (to 2028) will be made in the reporting period and will be two years ahead (to 2028)
To achieve the major economic targets that were to be achieved by 2030, by which time the annual production of the main mineral products will be expected, we expect that in 2024-2026, as the prices of gold and copper continue to be strong, the prices of copper and copper in the violet industry will fall above expectations, the company projects will not be as fast as they are expected.
▪ Profit forecasts and financial indicators, data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.