Annual performance forecast for 2024 for the mining industry (601899) Increases in mineral gold and copper prices, and company performance for 24h1 is expected to increase significantly xuzhengkun@dgzq.com.cn
In the first half of the year, international gold prices rose significantly, and company mineral gold prices rose on a year-on-year basis; and, at the same time, the rise in copper prices led the company to increase the price of copper as a result of tight expectations about the supply of copper.
The combined volume of new copper metal deposits in the Tibetan Dragon and Black Dragon River copper mines under the company's flag, 18,377,000 tons of new copper metal reserves, or approximately 14.2 per cent of China's copper reserves at the end of 2022, represents a significant achievement for the company in our new strategic search for a breakthrough.
fruit. (1) The additional copper metal resources in the dragon mines amount to 1,472.6 million tons, the cumulative amount of copper metal resources identified amounts to 25.88 million tons, which is the largest copper mine in China, and the second phase of re-programming has now been fully launched, with pilot production expected to take place in the first quarter of 2026. (2) Copper
This new copper metal resource of 365.10 million tons in mountain copper mines, leaving more than 5.6 million tons of copper metal in the Dobble Mountain copper industry. Underground mining of the copper mine ii is already under construction and is expected to start production in 2024. The increase in copper-owning mines has led to a further increase in the company's copper resources.
Investment proposals: In the meantime, copper prices are vulnerable to rising and falling under improved supply and demand patterns; gold prices are expected to remain high, aided by expectations of interest reduction and risk avoidance. Corporate copper plates continue to be released, and rich resources are not as high as expected in the construction process, actual downstream demand is not as high as expected, and the Fed is over-expected.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.