Higher volume prices, higher profits of 24h1 and 1h24 mineral products, led to a significant increase in company performance: (1) volume: 24h1 company copper minerals, iii final plant in the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine was completed six months in advance and the first concentrate was officially produced on 10 June
Mines, which are expected to produce 24q3, climb the slope. (2) Prices: Major metal prices are substantial, ring prices are significant, and silver averages + 28% to $6,790 kg. Quarterlyly, 24q2 electrolysis copper, gold, silver averages + 15%, + 13% and +26% respectively.
The company made a major breakthrough in the search for additional deposits, with a strong endogenous growth dynamic: a total of 577,700 to 18.37 million tons of new registered copper metal resources in the Tibetan dragon copper mine and in the copper mine of the Heilong River, under the company's flag, representing approximately 14.2 per cent of China's copper reserves at the end of 2022 (1) and a new copper metal resource.
Chart of relative depth of 300 tons 14.726 million to 25.8 million tons, 2.5 times the amount of copper metal resources verified for mergers and acquisitions, 15.44 million tons of mineral copper achieved in 23 years in the copper industry, and the second phase of the re-enlargement project has now been fully launched, with an expected 26q1 test
Production, up to 300,000 to 350,000 tons of copper in the postnatal year; (2) copper ore: the amount of copper metal has increased by 365 to more than 5.6 million tons, the copper industry has achieved 110,000 tons of mineral copper in 23 years, and underground mining of the shallow mine ii is under construction and is expected to start production in 24 years, amounting to 12,000 tons of copper in the postnatal year.
The comparative advantage of research and mining exploration is prominent, with about 50 per cent of copper, gold resources and over 90 per cent of zinc (lead) funds obtained from autonomous exploration, with unit survey costs significantly lower than those of global counterparts. Investment proposals: companies have a strong autonomous exploration capacity, a strong reserve for priority mining projects, and future copper gold mining
The amount is expected to grow steadily, with long-term growth of dynamic energy. According to the company’s production schedule for major minerals over the next five years, the company’s production of copper, gold, zinc (lead), silver, lithium, molybdenum in 2023-2028 is calculated in terms of the median planned value.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.