Retail transformations have borne fruit, leading to a marginal increase in profit growth and a strong increase in profit growth. As of 22 q1, the yield-on-year increase ring ratio-1 pct; Net profit-on-year increase ratio +3.1 pct. Net interest income has increased at the same rate as the return-on-the-year increase.
A small increase of 1.1 pcc over the ring ratio was mainly due to a narrow reduction in net interest differentials on the same date; net fee income was the “fruit” of the transition on the same basis. The profit boom rebounded significantly during the single season, further indicating a positive trend in performance.
Retail transitions are moving at an all-out rate, sketching the “second growth curve.” Loans were raised and structured optimally. By the end of 2021, loans stood at 35.2%, compared to 2020 +2.8pt, up to 22q1, consumer loans, economics.
The balance of loans has risen to 40% of individual loans. The wealth management landscape has progressed steadily, with the future Beijing Bank going on to build a chain of value loops for wealth management-asset management-investment banks in 2021.
In this context, the contribution of retail operations has increased significantly, reaching 28.1 per cent by the end of 2021, with a particularly improved liability structure compared to 2020, which supports a narrow margin of interest differentials compared to that of a colleague. 22q1, a single-season calculation \triangleright
The ring ratio has fallen, but the structure has been further skewed towards credit, with individual consumer and business loans contributing the bulk of the increase. Under the large zero sales transition, the growth of personal savings combined with low-cost debt default is expected to reinforce the trend towards improved debt costs, the accumulation of assets with improved asset-end structures, and the net difference is expected to be stable.
The quality of the assets remained stable and the coverage of the provision slightly increased. By the end of 2021, the negative rate was 2.5 billion yuan less than the same rate at the beginning of the year; as at the beginning of the year, the negative rate was the same as at the beginning of the year and was set aside.
Investment proposals: recovery in profit growth and significant gains in retail transformation; strong growth leading to marginal improvements in profit growth; significant gains in retail transformation, with significant increases in business size and performance contributions; clear improvements in the debt structure, increased strategic holding, and promising net spreads; assets
Quality and risk offsets are stable. The new chairman is motivated to push for five major transformations, with the head city receiving 0.4 times 22 years pb on April 29th of the year, below the comparable corporate average and median, first-time coverage, 1 performance warms up and brights in the eye.
As of 22q1, the income-to-growth round ratio (1 pct), the net profit-to-growth-to-year round ratio +3.1 pct, performed in the landscape. The net interest income-to-growth-to-year round-to-the-year scale was split by a small increase of 1.1 pct, mainly net.
The same-year differential has been narrowed; net fee income has increased by 36.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the ring ratio +42.4 pct, partly from the low-base effect of 21q1, but more so from the “fruits” of retail transitions, mainly from agent operations, which have grown rapidly; other non-interest income has increased at a negative rate on a year-on-year basis, or mainly from book losses arising from fluctuations in bond markets.
On a one-quarter basis, net interest income increased by +2.5 pct with a negative profit increase of +2.5 pct before the provision, but the decline by a significant narrow margin, a significant improvement in the net profit by parent, and a +24.3 pct, a further table: Beijing Bank performance by + + + 2.5 pct (single season)
In terms of net profit contribution factors, the pull-in effect of scale expansion has been reduced, from drag to strong performance enhancement, with significant increases in the provision of counter-bullying profits and a reduction in the drag effect of net interest differentials.
Retail transitions are moving at full speed, outlining the “second growth curve”. Since 2020, when it was proposed to take five years to achieve a full transformation of retail operations, retail development has moved into fast lanes. Loans have been raised and structured. By the end of 2021, loans stood at 35.2 per cent, compared to 2020 +2.8 pct, as of 22q1, consumer loans, operating loans.
The distribution of wealth management has been steadily moving forward, with revenue from wealth-type proxy sales rising by +81.7 per cent in the same year in 2021; as of 22q1, retail aum increased by about 14.9 per cent, ring +0.7 pct, and future Beijing banks will also focus on building a value-cycle chain of wealth management - asset management - investment banks.
In this context, the contribution of retail operations has increased significantly, reaching 28.1 per cent by the end of 2021, below the industry average, with interest-bearing asset yields of 1 bp, interest-bearing liabilities of 22 q1, and a single-season calculation of net interest differentials of 4 bp at the beginning of the year (all of which are measured below).
The interest-bearing liability cost ratio of 9bp, which is mainly a better growth of deposits, is significantly higher than the same-year increase of +5 pct, and, under a large retail transition, the growth of personal savings combined with low-cost debt default is expected to consolidate the improvement in the cost of indebtedness, and the consolidation of asset-end structures improved and the net spread is expected to stabilize.
Figure 12: The quality of the assets of the Bank of Beijing as at 22q1 measured net interest differentials at two ends (single season) remained stable 13bp, with an increase of $2.5 billion by the same percentage of negative new occurrences; as at 22q1, the negative rate was the same as at the beginning of the year, with a provision made
5.1 Prospective profit scenarios with strong growth in business segmentation, leading to marginal improvements in profit growth; significant gains in retail transformation, with significant increases in the scale of operations and performance contributions; significant improvements in the liability structure, increased strategic holding, and a promising net spread in assets;
Quality and risk countervailing capabilities remain stable. The new chairman has worked hard to push ahead with five major transformations, with top city traders receiving 0.4 times 22 years pb on April 29, below the average and median of comparable companies, covering for the first time, and 1) macroeconomic acceleration: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the pace of economic growth is subject to a certain downward pressure.
Poor demand for credit from residents, businesses and a slowdown in the expansion of the sector. 2) The pace of the transition is not as fast as expected: due to changes in economic development, changing customer demand, etc., strategic transformation 3) capital replenishment is under pressure: the systemic classification of important banks imposes higher demands on capital adequacy, and the city is not in a position to do so.
Changes in the level of recognition of bank capital supplemental investment or increases the pressure on capital supplementation. A summary of corporate financial statement data projections. Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.