Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) Production of 800,000 tons of polycarbons per year to improve the integration of the carbon tri-industry chain up and down.
According to the company's announcement, the company's new materials new energy integration project (hereinafter referred to as “Satellite Energy III”), i.e., more than 800,000 tons of carbonol per year.
The successful production of qualified products after a pilot phase of the project, which marked the success of the first phase of the three phases of the satellite energy project, 1) the company ' s new energy project, which added codes to the new materials and consolidated the carbon tri-industry chain: the carbon tri-industry chain, a series of new chemical materials based on propane. On 20 March 2021, the company and the Executive Board of the Zhejiang Qiangshan Economic Development Area, Liquefied Air (China) Investments Ltd. were present at the meeting.
Pinghu City People ' s Government Conference Centre signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation on New Materials and New Energy Integration Projects, with a total investment of about $10.2 billion, and invested in the new 900,000 tons of pdh, 800,000 tons of butone hundred and twenty thousand tons of new quintylene and accompanying devices in the area of the Ioan Port Regional Council, as well as fully profitable use of hydrogen-rich resources to solve the problem of raw materials for the company ' s hydrogen-energy integration project.
• Establishment of a regional company for the construction of hydrogen gas filling stations, hydrogen gas liquefied installations, hydrogen energy strategic cooperative circulatory rings, and promotion of hydrogen industrial development in the long-triangular area. Phase I of the construction of a 3,000-ton hydrogen filling station and phase II of the construction of a 11,000-ton-year liquid hydrogen installation and ancillary facilities.) The production of the 800,000-ton multicarbonol project was successfully completed and the company's carbon tri-industrial chain was improved with upstream and downstream integration: 1.05 million tons of acrylic acid production according to the company.
It can be calculated that the annual amount of ethanol purchased is about 650,000 tonnes, that the company ' s 800,000 tonnes of ethanol project will be successfully launched after delivery, that the integrated layout of the carbon tri-industry chain will be achieved, that the supply stability of raw materials and the profitability of products is expected to increase further, and that phase II of the three phases of the satellite energy project will soon be operational; that it will be completed in the second half of the year, 2025; and that the 40,000 tonnes of annual production eaa project, jointly financed with Ssk, is expected to be completed by the end of 2024, with production expected in 2025.
The combined rate of increase in consumption was 5% and 7%, respectively. In 2023, less capacity was added to the country’s polyol industry, combined with centralized parking inspections, which led to a tight market supply and stable demand for stocks, which continued to remain at a low level, driving up the 2023 prices of octanol and octanol. This was still higher than in the same period. It is expected that the demand for octanol and octanol will continue to increase as real estate, electricity, automobiles, etc., get warmer.
On 20 March 2021, the company signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation on the New Materials New Energy Integration Project at the People's Government Conference Centre in Pinghu City, with a total investment of about $10.2 billion in the single mountain area.
Investing in the new 900,000 tons of pdh, 800,000 tons of BJC, 120,000 tons of new quintylene and associated devices in the MEC region, and making full use of surplus hydrogen gas resources to solve the problem of raw materials for the company ' s hydrogen energy integration project.
Construction of a 3,000-ton hydrogen gas filling station per year, and a 11,000-ton liquid hydrogen installation and ancillary facilities for phase II. The 800,000-ton multicarbons project was successfully launched, and the company ' s carbon tri-industry chain integration package was perfected. According to the company ' s capacity to produce 1.05 million tons of acrylic acid, about 650,000 tons of octanol were purchased each year, and the company ' s 800,000-ton butoconeol project was smooth.
In addition, the company’s 260,000 tons of high molecular emulsions per year and 200,000 tons of refined acrylic acid per year are now completed by the end of the year and are expected to become operational by 2025.
The main downstreams of formal butol are mainly acetyl butylate (55%), butyl acetate (20%), dbp (14%), etc.; the downstreams of octanol are mainly dotp (49%), dop (37%), octanol acetate (12%), etc.
The demand for ethanol and octanol will continue to grow. Weaknesses, coupled with better market demand for domestic electricity and automobiles, are increasing demand for plasticizers and esters.
In 2023, less productive capacity was added to the country’s polyol industry, combined with a concentration of parking repairs by existing firms, which led to a lopsided supply of the market as a whole. The stock of raw materials and finished products in manufacturing and downstream enterprises remained low and demand stabilized, driving up the high prices of formal butol and octanol in 2023. Market supply was gradually relaxed since 2024, with the prices of formal butanol and octanol relative to 2023.
The investment proposal is: to maintain profit forecasts and maintain “better than the major market” ratings; the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects being under-utilized; geopolitical risks; and policy risks.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject