The net profit from the mother-to-manufacturing process continues to grow, the a-finyl hydrocarbons project is well under way, the advantages of the light-hydrocarbon fission process are evident, and the sales rate has increased.c2 industry chains, oil and gas prices have increased, and light-hydrocarbon fissions have increased.c
The decomposing process is more profitable. According to Bloomberg statistics, in the first half of 2024, Brent's crude oil spot prices averaged $86.83 per barrel, +12.75 per cent, and ethane's current price in the United States was 17.70 cents/gallons, +23.21 per cent. The company's joint venture orbit in the United States has export reserve capacity for ethane, as well as the world's largest.
Large ethane fleets can provide long-term stability to the cloudy base and α-vinyl hydrocarbons combined with the high-end new materials industrial park project. A sufficient and low-cost supply of green low-carbon ethane raw materials is set to lay the foundation for high-quality corporate development. 2024 A Māori sales rate of 21.08 per cent in the first half of the year was equal to +3.81 pt, of which functional chemicals and high molecules are new.
The country’s supply of ethane is relaxed, priced or kept low, and its operations are steadily expanding as chemical products are repaired downstream, and the company’s profitability is successfully released. Even the cloudy port petrochemical, flat lake petrochemical units are completed in the second quarter, while, according to the company’s announcement, the Public Fund for Successful Production in Phase 1 of the Three Phases of the Satellite Energy Project
The company plans to invest $26.6 billion in a combination of α-vinyl hydrocarbons.
The End of New Materials Industrial Park project was successfully launched in the first half of the year, with companies extending 1.7 million tons of high-end polyolefins to downstream layouts, 600,000 tons of polyethylene elastics, 30,000 tons of polyα-vinyl hydrocarbons, and the company α-olefins, Poe test products meeting international standards; metal organic material catalysts, etc.
Research and development results such as low ammonia compared to catalysts such as hydrazine meet the requirements for industrialization; the results of technology such as ethylene high-selective dimergy with 1-butylene green new process are evaluated through the results of the petrochemical association. The company continues to invest in research and development, working to promote a breakthrough in the nationalization of high-end polyolefins, with wide potential for future growth.
Foreign gas prices are highly volatile: the economy falls sharply: policy risks lead to production restrictions or demand shortfalls.
The construction of the construction project has not progressed as expected.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Corporation, Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Basic chemicals: chemical raw materials