Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) q2 performance ring growth, with more than 800,000 tonnes of carbon in production
On July 19, 2024, the company continued its steady development.
The company has achieved the highest/lowest (in yuan) in the year by improving its science, technology, innovation and optimization to reduce efficiency gains and product differentiation:
Prices for the sale of 24q2 major products have risen. According to the Mobil, 24q2 polypropenes, dioxyhydrazine, market value of circulationa (billions): Acrylic acid, acrylic acid, styrene, polyether monomer, ethanolamine, polystyrene
The Māori rate rose by 3.57 pct over the same period, with a sustained increase in R & D inputs. The Māori rate for 24h1 companies increased by 10.25 per cent by 10.25 per cent over the same period. The company applied for 115 patents and was granted 63 patents during the reporting period.
The successful production of qualified products after the production of the fed tests marked the success of the first phase of the three phases of the satellite energy project, the effective resolution of the issue of the package of raw materials up and down of the integrated c3 industrial chain of the satellite chemical, the closing of the c3 industrial chain, and the further upgrading of the industrial chain of the satellite ' s new chemical materials.
The core business industry is becoming stronger and the industrial chain is becoming more resilient. The company will use this as an opportunity to step up the launch of phase II of the three-phase satellite energy project.
Chang Junjie Risk of rising raw material prices: Because the company ' s cost advantage comes mainly from the low cost of ethane in the United States, the price of ethane in the United States will rise sharply due to geoclimatic conflicts, extreme weather, etc.
The downside of demand risks: since downstream demand for a company’s products involves several domains, such as real estate, spinning clothing, consumption, etc., is highly relevant to China’s economy, and if the related industrial policy is not stimulated as much as expected, it will face a certain amount of production.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.