Product price differentials to improve the level of profitability of repairs, new projects to consolidate the advantage of the industrial chain - satellite chemistry (002648.sz) reported a mid-year evaluation of H1 ' s business income of $19.400 billion in 2024, corresponding to 4.59 per cent, and net profit for the mother.
The weak demand for ethane in the United States has caused prices to fluctuate at fuel cost levels, companies continue to have low import costs for ethane, domestic production of ethylene has declined, and the congestion in the Panama Canal through which it is imported has led to a reduction in spot prices, and supply and demand patterns have contributed to higher prices of ethylene.
As of July 17, 2024, the weekly cost advantage of ethylene based fission/ethane fission/coaltyrene continued to be significant compared to other routes, with company raw material costs rising in the second half of the year due to higher levels of ethane production in the United States and still higher overall supply than demand.
With space limited, the price differential is expected to continue. The company’s integration around light hydrocarbons is central, and it continues to promote the layout of high-end chemicals, high-molecular new materials, and new energy materials.
Devices such as polystyrene, ethanolamine, battery-grade dmc, electron dioxygen water are expected to contribute to the full annual production capacity by 2024; polycarbonols, high purity acrylic acid, high molecular emulsion devices are expected to contribute in 2024; and with the cloudy harbour base
The first phase of overhauling the Acrylic Acid facility at the Lake Pier base is returning to normal, and the company’s business performance and overall market performance for the second half of the year are better than for the first half of the year.
New chemical materials, aided by new-quality productivity, were covered for the first time and given less progress than expected, less performance in the contribution of new production, a sharp downswing in the economy, weak downstream demand leading to a sharp fall in product prices, etc.
Please read the text carefully and have the exemption clause for this report. Without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.