Low-pressure stability, improved Māori rate, sustained photovoltaic growth 30/08/2019 Research Assistant Chai Kahui
The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated operating income of $14,428 million, or 21.22 per cent, over the reporting period, and realized a total profit of $2,145 million, or approximately 20 per cent.
The revenue and profit increases are on average as expected, considering that $295 million in investment earnings were recognized during the same period last year for the sale of photovoltaic power plants over this year, after which net profit gains in the current period could return to almost 20%.
The Māori Rate Ring ratio has recovered significantly, mainly from low-pressure electrical plates. The Māori ratio is 2019h1 in the medium section, with the Māorium 19h1 in the lower-pressure electrical sector 34.2%, compared to +1.1pct, ring ratio +1.1pct; The Māori ratio is the same increase of 10.4% for the 19h low-pressure electrical branch.
1.1 pct, which is expected to be better in the second half of the year. In the first half of the year, low-pressure electrical stores collected $8,642 million, or 10.4% more than industry, with high growth in direct sales products, stronger access, and “global localization” moving forward, together driving robust growth in the medium to long term.
The price implications of raw materials such as copper, which in the medium to long term are automated, product structure optimized to be sustainable 56.19 billion luminous blocks, representing a significant increase of 46.7 per cent over the same period, the sales of components as a percentage of the increase Māori rate, household subsidies and overseas epc performance concentrated in the second half of the year, which can be increased throughout the year.
In the second half of the year, it is concentrated. 2), in the first half of the year, the middle mark 351mw distributed power station1 and in the first half of the year, the " Jung-tae " (601877): supply +300mw ground power station, the first half of the year of the overseas epc is connected, and the second half of the year income is recognized. 3)
Business participation in large-scale stock-holding schemes, industry, manufacturing focus overseas, building up a first-tier supplier of efficient components.
A review of the low-pressure electrical revenue rate, which increased by 21.2 per cent, and the net return to the mother, which was equal, after deducting 18h1 from the sale of power plants, which affected a net profit increase of nearly 20 per cent. The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated operating income of $14.428 billion over the reporting period, representing an increase of 21.22 per cent;
An increase of 0.08% corresponds to an increase of 0.83 million yuan. In the second quarter, operating income was realized, with an increase of $8,433 million in the same year compared to the current year's increase in investment earnings of $295 million due to the sale of photovoltaic power plants, after which the net profit increase for the current period could be recovered at a significant rate, mainly from low-pressure electrical plates.
In the second half of the year, the low-pressure electrical subsector received $8,642 million, or 10.4 per cent more than the industry, with high growth in direct sales products, the consolidation of channels, and “global localization” driving steady growth in the medium and long term.
1) The distribution market is a traditional niche for companies, and 19h continues to consolidate its channel advantage, with 10 new core distributors plus 400 second-tier distributions adding and awarding cards, forming 16 offices, 510 core distributors and more than 4000 distribution outlets. Distribution is mainly facing the construction market, and companies score as the pace of house completion slows down.
The growth in sales has slowed and is expected to be slightly higher than the growth in gdp throughout the year; (2) industry clients and large end-users have been the focus of corporate development, with companies constantly upgrading their solutions capacity in the first half of the year, breaking through a large number of major clients and large projects called "Jan" and "Norm" and adding 170 per cent to the business orders of the major strategic clients in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, some orders for communications operations were confirmed in close to 50 per cent of the year, and direct sales are expected to increase at a rate of over 60 per cent throughout the year. 3) In overseas terms, Hengtai maintained a “global localization” strategy, establishing subsidiaries in more than 20 countries and acquiring power distribution projects from the Russian Petroleum Production and Distribution Company, the Williya Bahrain Sea
Projects such as water desalination projects; localization teams in Egypt, where regional engineering has become a designated partner, such as the Egyptian Power Authority, and strategic partners, where Singapore Sunlight has been awarded a project to desalinize the slope hall, kranji Māori recovery short-term, influenced by raw material prices, such as copper, to see automated precipitation, product structure optimization in the medium to long term
The increase in the Māori rate is due to three factors: 1) in low-pressure electrical products, raw materials such as copper, silver and plastic account for more than 40 per cent, 19H1 copper prices are below 18h1, and the cost of raw materials is lower in the ring comparison trend, which is the main cause of the current increase in Māori rates: 2) the introduction of automated downscaling and the need to deepen lean production.
With the implementation of 83 smart projects to improve production efficiency, the construction of five digital workshops for small, plastic casings, frames, communication contacts, relays and 56 technical and equipment modification projects and 20 acceptances in the first half of the year, the level of automation of production has been significantly increased, further contributing to the reduction of efficiency gains; and 3) product structures are not yet in place
Optimization, high-end Nojak, good faith, etc., high-end "Kunlun" brands for "Ned", abb, etc., high-end product ratios, improved unit prices for products, and increased Māori rates. Automation is a company's long-term goal, and product structure optimization is a reflection of positive Thai product power.
In the medium-to-long term, low-pressure electrical products are expected to maintain a high Māori rate. Photovoltage block 19h collects $5.619 billion, a significant increase of 46.7% over the same period, the sales of components as a percentage of the higher Māori ratio, household subsidies and overseas epc performance concentrated in the second half of the year, with year-round growth.
The scale of interest in the operational power station in the city was approximately 2.6gw, compared to 28.7 per cent in the previous year, with 77.7 per cent increase in the same distribution size to 1.5gw, 5.1 per cent decrease in the same concentration size to 1.1gw and completion of new household installation and netting in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the intermediate bid 351mw distributed power station + 300mw ground power station, the first half of the overseas epc connected, and the second half of the year recognized income. In the second half of the year, the upper limit of 209h1 was 651mw, with 351mw distributed power stations and 300mw ground power stations.
Six months of breakthroughs have been made in developed countries and countries along the region, providing epc services and smooth access to power stations in Korea and Viet Nam, and the 18-year-long Dutch photovoltaic station is on schedule, with some of the projects confirmed in the second half of the year, reflected in modest increases in the first half of the year.
Component manufacturing focuses overseas, building up the first batch of high-efficiency component suppliers: manufacturing end module 19h extension above 2gw, currently having battery chips above 2gw and component capacity above 4gw (the battery sells itself), with the component delivered around 4gw throughout the year. The company is investing in building the product of the first global assembly supplier.
In the first half of the year, the growth of research and development investment has led to the introduction of new technologies, such as multifast mbbb, se etc., which have resulted in a 22.5 per cent improvement in the efficiency of the production of high-efficiency batteries, a 400-w breakthrough in the power of half-pieces and double-faced components, a close to 99.8 per cent increase in the quality of products, and a leading industry in terms of the cost of batteries, non-silicon components.
The cost ratio has fallen, confirming a bad debt loss of $778.3 million. The company ' s cost of 2019h1 increased by 13.43 per cent to 2,216 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, reducing the cost rate by 0.96 percentage points to 13.97 per cent over the period. Of this, sales, management (including R & D), R & D costs have remained stable.
The loss of $7,783.3 billion in bad debt collection also had an impact on net profits for the current period.f Category East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities