Repurchase shares highlight the confidence that the TV appliance (601877.sh) "low-pressure plus photovolt" is going well.
The company issues an announcement on its repurchase program, proposes to use its own funds to repurchase some of the company ' s shares in the form of a centralized bid transaction.
Zhao Tenghui intends to buy back its shares with its own funds at a price not exceeding $33 per share, and to buy back funds at a total value not less than $500 million (inclusive) and not more than $1 billion (inclusive).
Repurchase shares demonstrates confidence, or incentives to bind employee interests through equity. The main basis for this repurchase is at three points: (1) confidence in the future development of the company and recognition of its value: (2) protection of investors' legitimate rights and interests and enhancement of investor confidence: (3) integrated consideration of the company's development strategy, business situation
Repurchase of shares is intended to reduce registered capital, equity incentive schemes, or employee holding schemes.
Performance was robust, with a two-wheel drive of “low-pressure + light volt” . 2019h1 achieved 14.428 billion yuan, an increase of 21.22 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 1.784 billion yuan, an increase of 0.08 per cent in the same year. After deducting the effect of the sale of power shares on net profits during the same period of the previous year, the net profit of 209h1 was increased by the same year.
The company actively participated in the national competition for photovoltaic projects organized by the National Energy Agency, with 350.68mw distributed power stations and 300mw ground power stations in the first half of the year, with a total revenue of about $8.8 billion, an increase of about 10% over the same period, and a robust growth in reverse.
The programme is being optimized, market expansion is being strengthened, integrated business distributors are being trained, direct marketing groups are being expanded, and the industrial chain is being transformed and downstream firms are being scaled up, with a steady increase in the share of the city. Companies have achieved “low pressure + photovoltaic” double ownership, a steady increase in the share of low-pressure appliances, and a flat-voltaic movement.
The business landscape continues to rise, and this large-scale repurchase of shares shows confidence. We anticipate the risks of rising raw materials prices for companies; 2) the downside of macroeconomic and downstream industries; 3) the risks of overseas operations falling short of expectations.