The Center for Research on Resources and the Environment (CRESEE) has a low-pressure plate phase of stress, a photovoltaic operation that is over-expected.
Photovoltaic operations are expected to increase the performance of companies selling their shares off the power stations. Based on the segment division of the company’s operations, the lower pressure segment of the company reached $8,644 million in the first half of the year and the photovoltaic segment H1, respectively.
Revenues, revenues, growth of 10.4 per cent, 46.7 per cent, a decrease of 4.2 per cent in the gross profit rate of the photovoltaic plate, mainly due to changes in the structure of the company's low-morigin component products, while the low-pressure segment achieved an increase of 1.05 per cent in market competition, reaching 34.18 per cent, which is less valuable, and we judge on the one hand.
It is due to company price increases in January and the company ' s continuous deepening of its sophisticated manufacturing and yield drops, in addition to three rates of equal value compared to last year ' s 1 pct, the return on investment from the power plant sold to Zhejiang water during the same period last year was confirmed at $280 million left.
The macroeconomic q2 low-pressure operations have been heavily under pressure, and overseas operations and direct sales are relatively good.
By the first half of the year, 12.7% of the land area was completed, and the impact of the China-United States trade war, corporate q2 low-pressure operations were relatively low. In the first half of the year, the company was continuously promoting system solution optimization, enhancing direct sales and overseas industry and segmented industry coverage, and a large domestic customer business outreach platform was established, with a global industry chain working together.
Ideas, through the “Technology Plus Business” model, and the promotion of integrated business-type specialized development distributors, H1 strategic large clients’ orders increased by 170%, communications and electricity construction orders increased significantly.
Twenty countries around the world have established affiliates, based on localized talent teams and rapid response, as well as well as a well-developed network of distribution channels, and companies have become the leading domestic firms in overseas markets. The luminous sub-businesses are over-expected, and the enabling factors in the second half of the year continue to add to the positive performance.
The 300mw ground station + 351mw distributed power station bid was won and 343mw (500mw year-round) household photovoltaics were achieved. In addition, the efficiency of high-efficiency battery films and half-faced components was significantly improved and over 40% of the output of components grew with years of overseas farming.
In the second half of the year, increased profitability from the introduction of photovoltaic subsidies, accelerated epc connectivity overseas, new (8621), 60935389 power stations operated and grid-connected power generation, will sustain strong income and performance of photovoltaic operations.
The second half of the year is expected to lead to a recovery in the company’s low-pressure acceleration loops, and a gradual release of household photovoltaic performance. But considering this year’s profit from the power plant’s sale of its investments, the net return is expected to fall by 2019-2021.
Macroeconomic warming has fallen short of expectations; policy adjustments, such as limited acquisition of real estate; price fluctuations in bulk raw materials; 1. Over-expected, single-quarterized profit-making, mid-2019, and mid-2019 harvests, net returns, deductions, non-returns, etc.
The sale of power stations to Zhejiang Water and Power Investment Group, with a total investment return of approximately 280 million, offset by the net profit of the company from the parent, excluding the parent, of about 19.35 per cent, 15.5 per cent.2 The low-pressure electrical camp continues to maintain a high rate of growth, with a steady increase in the light-voltage camp.
Analysis of the core financial indicators of sub-sections The low-pressure segment and photovoltaic segment revenue, Māori ratio, is reported to have been offset by a few offsettings between the sub-sections, where the corporate sub-pressure segment and the photovoltaic segment h1 achieved $8.64 billion and $5.62 billion, respectively, in revenues.
The decrease of 4.2 pct over 10.4% and 46.7% is due mainly to changes in the structure of the company’s low-morigin component products. Low-pressure divisions have risen to 1.05 pct in the face of increased competition in the market, reaching 34.18%, which is more expensive, as we judge from January on the one hand.
As a result of the continuous deepening of refined manufacturing and effect reduction. With the deduction of power station sales, the company’s net profit is equal to an increase of 19.35 per cent, and an increase in the low-pressure Māori rate will drive the net profit rate up from about 15 per cent in the same period last year, at least one point to 16 per cent; and a higher rate of growth in the photovoltaic camp, taking into account the fact that the rate of light-voltage Māori has declined more than before.
On the basis of the above analysis, we assume that the net profit from a low-pressure H1 operation will grow by 15% +, and the net profit from a photovoltaic operation is projected to increase by 20% + or slightly more than 430 million, up from 1.4 billion. With the addition of 500 mw to a domestic and business photovoltaic machine, the light-voltage operation mode is steadily moving forward.
In several provinces with well-developed households and businesses, including Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shandong and Hebei, the distribution capacity of companies has been growing faster. The number of additional light-voltage units distributed throughout the year 2018 reached 500mw, reaching a total of 1572mw, with 58 per cent of the size, benefiting from the warming of the utility policy.
Wind, home-based installation of 343mw in the first half of photovoltaics. On the other hand, this year, the company will continue to promote the sale of centralized power plants. It is expected to continue the sale of more than 100mw stations throughout the year. H2 is expected to contribute to the incremental sales performance of the power plants. In addition, the company is actively involved in the photovoltaic power project organized by the National Energy Agency.
National competitive bidding, winning 350.68mw distributed power stations and 300mw ground power stations, totalling 650.68mw, which contributed to the continued growth of late-epc operations and power generation.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment