Sinkkawa technology (300124.sh) is about to take off in passenger cars and robots. This is an increase of 32.11 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are 932 million yuan.
The company issued an advance performance forecast for the first quarter of 2017, with revenue from business on a par during the reporting period increasing at a faster rate than perpendium (i), general automation/new energy vehicles/tracks
The company’s operating income for 16 years has increased by about $900 million over 15 years. In sub-operations, the frequency transformer category has achieved income of $1,664 million, of which the general frequency transformer has achieved income of $696 million, an increase of 38 per cent compared to the previous year, and the elevator integration operation has generated revenue of $968 million, an increase of 8 per cent compared to the previous year;
(a) Corporate Summary _Seconian Technologies: New Energy Vehicles have become a sports control group of companies generating $502 million, of which $318 million has been achieved by universal servers, a 57 per cent increase compared to the 57 per cent increase and $184 million by the 20 per cent increase by the same year;
2. Corporate depths_Seconian technology: electric cars and robotics casting for control technology at $106 million, a 45 per cent increase over the same period; new energy automobiles business 3; company summary _Seconian technology: a new round of equity incentive planning
There was a significant increase of 252 per cent in the same year; other categories, dominated by the subsidiary Ningpoisiton, achieved revenue.4 Companies followed up on the technology in Hong Kong: the acquisition of Jiangsu to share $10 billion, 211 million in latitudes, an increase of 47 per cent.
In 2016, with the exception of the low speed of elevator integration and plasticizers, the company tracked the technology: near, entering the next division's general automation, new energy vehicles, transhipments, Eastton, etc.
(ii) Cost-control excellence, Māori rates have remained largely stable. In the structure, Māori-lower-trading products account for a lower proportion of physicalized products than elevators with the highest Māori rate. In fact, the Māori ratio is essentially the same.
For example, in the case of power-driven automobiles, co-industry companies such as Shanghai County, Earth and Māori have experienced a significant decline over the past 16 years, while the company’s negative position has increased by 1.86 percentage points. (Some of these factors are the company’s increase in the self-autonomous rate of trade-trading products.)
(iii) q4 industrial control orders remained high at the same rate of increase. Throughout 2016, the company obtained 3,177 million yuan in industrial automation orders, an increase of 876 million yuan a year, an increase of 32.7 per cent a year, and continued to increase at a higher rate; and access to new energy sources (including)
The peak in the delivery of new energy vehicles was less pronounced in 2016. (iv) The rapid expansion of personnel and an increase in the cost rate during the period were far lower than the increase in income. The main reason for this was, in addition to a small decline in the Māori rate, a faster increase in the cost of the cost of the sale.
The increase is mainly due to higher expenditure on human costs, travel, after-sales insurance, etc. The increase in management costs is related to a significant increase in research and development expenditure (from $240 million to $380 million) and a faster increase in human costs.
The increase in the company ' s financial cost rate in 2016 was due to an increase in interest expenditure of $9 million and a decrease in interest income of nearly $30 million. This was due to a reduction in time deposits, shorter periods and lower interest rates.
In investment return projects, the return on purchases increased from more than $27 million to $44 million, owing to an increase in corporate holdings, while long-term equity investments lost more than $13 million, and about $180 million was added to the former Central Europe of Crystal Swe, where the company was involved, with a substantial increase in commodities, from $170 million to $310 million, an increase of nearly 1.4 per cent.
In addition, the company’s accounts receivable and notes receivable increased from more than $1.3 billion to around $2.1 billion, indicating an increase in the company’s account period, mainly due to the company’s new energy vehicles and turnkeys (v), and the new growth point of the general automation plate.
The company has been very good at taking advantage of the market opportunities in the process of technological change, and has been successful in seizing three major opportunities for the integration of elevators, the installation of plastics and fluids, and the electronic control of new energy buses. According to the annual report, the company has also built two new engineering panels: the air pressure integration controller, the car air conditioner, and the new industrial controls.
The industrial automated lines of operations are capable of maintaining a sustained high rate of growth. (vi) The company has been in stock since 2014 and has invested heavily in recent years, and has so far been in stock for many years in passenger vehicles and robotics or will take off in new energy vehicles and robotics.
The company will try to develop no fewer than three new clients in 2017, and no less than four scheduled cars in 2017. Industrial robotics, the company believes, 2017 will be a critical year, with scara robots, small six.
New products, such as robotics, are sold in bulk in electronics, photovoltaics, lithium batteries, etc. In 2017, the company’s general automation plate will benefit in depth from a recovery in manufacturing, while the costs of storing new energy for many years will continue to rise; and there will be greater repayment pressure and poor cash flow.