The sum of 932 million yuan (300124.sz) of net profits achieved by the company, an increase of 15.14 per cent over the same period, is in line with expectations. In a single season, companies realize a net profit of 243 million yuan, an increase of 8.97 per cent over the same period.
The net profit increases are lower than the revenue, mainly due to higher R&D spending and a significant increase in management costs.
General Category & Orbital Transport Revenue Growth: Sub-operational, elevator integrated products achieved sales revenue of 968 million, an increase of 8.0 per cent over the same period; General Frequency achieved sales revenue of 696 million yuan, an increase of 38.0 per cent over the same period the previous year; General Servers realized sales revenue of 318 million yuan, an increase of the same proportion
In total, smart equipment & robotics have grown steadily and become more sophisticated.
The acquisition of 60 per cent of Ryan's shares in Shanghai and 20 per cent of Walman's shares in Shenzhen boosted research and development in the industrial automation domain of the company; new energy operations were affected by the adjustment of State policy subsidies and the detection of scavenging events, which increased at a slower rate than expected, and companies were actively entering the logistics bus market to increase research in the area of passenger vehicles.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa. In the long run, the market for new energy vehicles is a strategic market for companies; the orbital traffic business sheet. 80 million large shares of the Foshan tram system were signed during the reporting period; and the orbital market is wide.
By 2020, the country will be able to build 6,200 kilometres of urban tracks and subways, and companies will expand their work outside Suzhou by attracting strategic investors. With strong hand orders, performance growth is guaranteed: the company is now holding nearly $5 billion in hand orders, compared to the previous year.
Orbital traffic orders are $1.7 billion, an increase of 70%. In the future, companies will continue to be wise, leading in the field of equipment, accelerating the expansion of robotic operations, and seizing historical opportunities for new energy vehicles and track traffic development.
Industrial M & As Fund is sailing on a long journey: the company has actually paid $210 million in the pre-Hin Shenzhen Central European M & A fund in which it participates as lp, and is currently investing overseas; the participation in the Fushan City Investment Fund for Innovative Smart Industries has increased its contribution to $120 million.
Through two M & A funds, companies actively seek out opportunities for extended M & As to enhance technical standards. Pe33x, 26x, a company that is a rare target of Chinese intelligence, enjoys value premiums, and maintains "buy."
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.