The sum of 782 million yuan, an increase of 37.73 per cent over the reporting period, and the net profit of 172 million yuan, an increase of 23.54 per cent over the same period, are in line with expectations.
Downstream structural warming has been produced by orbital traction systems since the third quarter of last year in the area of industrial automation. Downstream structural recovery has continued, with high growth in automated operations: by branch of operation, elevator integration achieved sales revenue of $193 million, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the previous quarter.
Orbital transport generated sales revenue of 46 million yuan, an increase of 146.41 per cent over the same period.
Less than expected, in the long run, the new energy business is an important strategic market for the company. The company, based on the stabilization of new energy bus customers, actively expands its other clients and expands its research and development efforts on motor control, with more than 400 new R & D researchers in 16 years.
Institutional investors account for a share of the circulation, using vehicles, while actively entering the logistics bus market. From the point of view of the market as a whole, there is more room for travelling by car, with 517,000 new energy vehicles sold in 16 years and the market as a whole by 2020.
This year, it is expected that the total volume of passenger vehicles will remain unchanged, and that the expansion of the non-woo passenger and logistics vehicles will be 30-50% of the year.
The Māori rate has increased and the cost rate has increased slightly: financial indicators show that the company ' s combined Māori rate of 17q1 years is mainly due to higher R&D expenditure and higher administrative costs, and it is expected that later cost rates will be maintained.
Eight hundred and ninety-two million dollars alone, an increase of 60.41% over the same period, continues the rapid growth that has been taking place since the third quarter of 16 years. New energy & orbital traffic orders have fallen by 54.72% to $44 million, mainly in rail traffic orders, which have been added to zero, and new energy orders have been affected by the downside.
The lead in the field of equipment has accelerated the expansion of robotic operations and seized historical opportunities for the development of new energy vehicles and trackways.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.