Hitchon Technology (300124) Assessment Report General Automation Growth Overexpected, New Energy Automobile Motion 25 April 2017
The company achieved revenue of $782 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of $94 million, an increase of 69.87 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the increase in tax refunds received by the company.
On April 9, the company announced a quarter increase in income of 25-45%, a 15-30% increase in profits, and a quarter of the report showed a slightly higher actual performance than the median forecast, a little overmarket and our expectations.
General automation operations grew at a high rate, with purchase orders exceeding expectations of 60.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, often in the light season of the industry, while orders rings grew in the first quarter of this year, compared to 880 million in the last quarter, and were expected to be large, with generic automation operations (including general frequency, general frequency, etc.)
Common servers, plc&hmi, etc., have increased by more than 80% over the same year, and it is expected that there will continue to be a significant increase in city occupancy in the areas of elevator presses, new energy car air conditioners, and rapid growth, and we expect to grow by almost 50% and generate about $900 million in revenue throughout the year.
General-serving income of $13 million, a significant increase of 105.88 per cent over the previous year, benefited from industrial upgrading and the rapid growth of new industries such as lithium, 3c, which have continued to be high in recent years, while the market share of companies has increased considerably.
In the meantime, it is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of 50% in the coming year. The plc and hmi products have increased by 50%. The electric fluid server system (EDS+EXT) has achieved a revenue of 93 million, an increase of 13.47% over the same year.
The new energy car is expected to start in May/June, and the power of the vehicle is always expected to grow. The new energy vehicle and track board 1.
Quarterly orders amounted to $44 million, a decrease of 54.72 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a significant decline in the sale of new energy passenger vehicles during the quarter due to adjustments in subsidies policies in the industry, and a forecast of new energy sources for the quarter of the year in line with expectations and general automation operations.
The motor block achieved a revenue of 44 million yuan, a decline of 38.35 per cent from the previous year. The main customer of the Hong Kong Federation, Woo-tung, sold less than 500 new energy buses during the first quarter of the year, compared to the higher-than-anticipated growth in general automation for the same period last year.
The share of 1300-1400 vehicles and the sum of the new energy vehicle business in the Hong Kong River fell to 75 per cent. Last year, new energy vehicles were developed, including the Nanjing Golden Dragons and the Silver Dragons of the Pearl Sea, so the Hitchuan Four-Tracking Company introduced new investors, smart manufacturing strategies.
The company's new electrical products have been put on a test and are expected to grow better this year, while expanding its new customers in the new energy bus sector, which is expected to increase even further. The new energy logistics car company received tens of millions of dollars last year.
It is expected to double up to more than 100 million dollars a year. In the area of automobiles, companies have collaborated with a number of car factories, including national and international brands, new platforms are now starting to be sold in the second half of the year, while companies, in cooperation with brusa, are developing motor power.
The system is about to be launched, and it will make a big contribution next year. Overall, the company's new energy vehicle business is expected to grow by 30 to 50% this year, and is expected to enter the front-line foreign brand supply system, which is a very promising direction for future development.
Elevator unit growth of 13% and recovery of industry demand is expected to rise by more than 10% throughout the year. Elevator unit income is $193 million, a 13% increase over the same year. We have experienced a better growth in the area of new home construction since last year, with 8.1% annual growth in 2016.
In January-March, 11.6% of the year, elevators are usually delayed by about one year of construction, and the need for a single elevator is expected to grow steadily this year. Companies continue to infiltrate foreign clients, such as Ticamp, and there is still much room for city improvement.
There has been a steady breakthrough, especially in the Indian market. The company’s elevator-to-engine business is expected to grow by more than 10% this year, the elevator-to-cell network has accumulated 100,000 users, and the rail business has grown better, promising breakthroughs in cities outside Suzhou, with great potential for growth.
By the end of the quarter, there were still 475 million orders for the company's track business, mainly line 3 of the Suzhou subway, which is expected to generate more than 300 million revenues this year. The country's track-to-trading system has about 10 billion markets every year.
The company is actively participating in subway bidding in Shenzhen, etc., while last year's track company introduced a new strategic investor, who promised to help the company get a subway order in the cities outside Suzhou and Shenzhen, and we expect a breakthrough this year. The company continues to expand its orbital transport traction system.
The growth in production-based R & D and the positive reduction in system costs are expected to continue to increase the profitability of future turn-over operations as national production projects continue. Māori has declined by 1.96 per cent as a result of changes in income structure, while sales have increased by 28 per cent at the same time.
A modest increase of 0.19 per cent, better cost controls, and a higher management rate of 3.24 per cent as a result of research and development inputs.Increased share of low-māori product sales, such as traffic-trailing systems, high-voltage transformers, and companies will continue to roll out new high-māori-rate products and industry-wide depth solutions, with an expected Māori rate for the entire year 2017
The same ratio will remain stable. Sales costs in the first quarter were $84 million, an increase of 40.20 per cent in the same year, and increased investment in research and development, resulting in an impact on share-incentive cost-sharing. Financial costs in the first quarter were $100 million net, representing an increase of 115.14 per cent over last year ' s $4.66 million in net revenue, mainly a discount on notes.
Reduction in interest rates and increase in interest on bank term deposits, with a financial cost rate of -128 per cent, a decrease of one thousand, or a decrease of 54.36 per cent in the same year, mainly due to higher expenditure on employee remuneration benefits, as well as higher payments due to vendors whose loans are settled by the Division from bills of exchange, materials, taxes, etc.
In view of this year’s strong recovery from the automation of industrial controls and corporate industrial controls, we are convinced in the medium term of the company’s potential for hundreds of billions of dollars in market value. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited already has a portfolio investment advisory.