Industry-controlled industries (300124.sz) Sustained recovery, increased investment in research and development of new energy vehicles Impacted by structural recovery in industry-controlled industries, with companies achieving revenue of $782 million a quarter, a year-on-year increase
37.73% net profit of $172 million, an increase of 23.54% over the previous year, is in line with expectations. With macroeconomic recovery, the industrial and regulatory sectors are expected to continue warming in the second half of the year to benefit the company ' s future performance.
Logistics and passenger drivers are expected to become new growth points in performance in the future. Downstream structural recovery continues, with high growth in automated operations: elevator integration achieves sales revenue of $193 million, a 13.0 per cent increase, compared to 13 per cent, for general-purpose transformers.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 105.88 per cent in the same year. The controlled product achieved a sales income of 33 million yuan, compared to 46 million yuan in the orbital transport operations, an increase of 146.41 per cent in the same year.
Long-term, 16 years have had some impact on the company’s performance as a result of the fall in subsidies for the entire industry. The company’s main advantage is in the area of new energy bus power control.
At the end of the day, companies have sought to maintain the current Māori ratio through technological advances to improve their management effectiveness. The share of institutional investors in the flowa shares has also increased market expansion for logistics trucks, which are now in the catalogue of several major logistics drivers.
This year, it is expected that the new energy vehicle will be the direction of the company's future major offensive, with more than 400 new researchers in 16 years, whose main focus will be on the use of the vehicle, which, from the perspective of the market as a whole, has enormous space for its development, with 517,000 new energy vehicles sold in 16 years and the city as a whole by 2020.
Currently, nearly half of the new energy truck companies buy electric power from the collator, and the company also determines that collor purchasing will be a future trend. It is hoped that this year’s total sales will be maintained in passenger cars, that the advanced technology of Scota has been fully absorbed and that the next generation of products will begin to be planned.
For the sake of better business expansion, new strategic shareholders have been introduced, with a commitment to obtain at least one complete towed order outside the Sioux region in the next two years, most of our cities are in the middle of an era, with companies watching the clock, actively intervening, and hope to get more orders: energy cars.
Electric power and electronics are the strategic priorities of companies in the future, and companies are already leading in the field of new energy buses, leading customers from Yutong, where the new energy bus industry is number one, while maintaining its strength, will focus in the future on expanding the new and emerging energy logistics vehicle and the utilization of its potential for development.
The next three years will be the year of the eruption of our new energy vehicle, and the company is expected to pre-position the p32x, 25x, which is a rare target of Chinese intelligence, enjoying a valuation premium, and maintaining the “buying of chinaresearchdept.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.