Quarterly forecast meets expectations.
The growth in corporate income exceeded market expectations, and was better supported by a quarter of off-track operations. The net profits of companies grew less rapidly than revenues, on the one hand because of a slight decrease in the Māori rate due to changes in the structure of the company’s products and, on the other hand, an increase in the number of corporate staff as a whole.
Greater growth in R & D inputs, corresponding increases in personnel costs, equity incentives, travel costs, technical advice, etc., have resulted in higher cost increases than high R & D and over-serving a quarter of growth-led companies.
Income growth is high, with growth expected to be around 50% for the year 2017. Industry demand has recovered since the second half of last year, with increases in machine tools, general-purpose equipment, etc., long-run stops, negative shifts, and growth is expected to continue this year.
Industry marketing in the field continues to expand, offering deeper solutions to a growing number of industries through the sale of products, while maintaining good momentum in emerging industries such as 3c, lithium, etc., and in textiles, air pressurers, new energy vehicle air conditioning, etc.
The industry also made a breakthrough last year. So, in the third quarter of last year, the company ' s general automation business was well used in the 3c, lithium, etc. since its launch in 2014, with one season and a pure electro-plastic setup, which is expected to increase by 30% in the quarter and is expected to be available throughout the year.
The domestic real estate market has recovered slightly, while the penetration of companies in international brands has gradually increased, overseas markets such as India have grown better, and we expect corporate 1. General Automation to grow faster than expected this year, with new energy motor power.
In the first quarter of last year, HK$293 million of the HSBC type, including GMFs, elevators as one machine, and motion control groups, including universal and plastics servers. Control 2. Third stage of equity incentives to develop new energy vehicles.
With the introduction of medium-sized plc, class products have continued to improve their competitiveness, amounting to 19 million in the first quarter of last year and an increase of about 50 per cent in the first quarter of this year. We also expect to achieve 3 GTOs and universal servo growth this year, which is more than expected.
In particular, the increase in the number of targets for passenger vehicles, which were sold in January/February was almost non-sale, with 454 of the 634 catalogues in the third batch of promotional catalogues, adjusted at an unusual pace, and expected to return to normal during the second quarter of the year, with better growth in the second half of the year.
Cars will be sold in February, and the logistics cars will start to run. The most wanted customer in Hong Kong has less than 500 new energy buses in the first quarter, including nearly 400 in March, compared to 1300-1400 in the same period last year, of which 1,100 in January and the average in February/March.
For more than 100, Woo-tung's new energy passenger vehicle dropped significantly in the first quarter of this year, while the new energy vehicle business in Hong Kong was about $70 million in the first quarter of last year, projected to fall by about 30 per cent in the first quarter of this year, and the share of Woo-tung fell to 75 per cent last year.
New customers, so new energy cars are better than their peers and Woo-tung. Now that the company's electrical products have been given to Woo-tung, it is expected to achieve better sales this year, and the share of new customers' sales will increase further: in the area of new energy logistics cars, the company is expected to double this year.
Logistics vehicle power control is expected to generate more than 100 million dollars in revenue; in the area of passenger vehicles, the company has cooperated with a number of whole-car factories, including national and international brands, a new platform to transport the powered product started to be marketed in the second half of the year, and the company ' s total vehicle power system is about to be launched, and it will be clear.
Thus, the company’s new energy automobile business is expected to grow by 30 to 50% this year, and it is a very promising direction for future development. By bringing in new investors, it is expected to make a breakthrough in cities outside Suzhou, and national production.
After that, the Māori rate will improve significantly. The company ' s track traffic sub-trail project in 2016, which has grown considerably in the first quarter of the year, with over $500 million in hand orders and $200 million in revenue last year, is actively involved in the bidding process in Suzhou, and there is hope for a breakthrough.
The Department issued an announcement to introduce a new investor contractor, and promised to obtain at least one complete towed system order from 2017-2018 in the city subway tender outside Suzhou and Shenzhen.
Longer, with a share of about 70% of the country’s cities in the area of electric bows, and a dozen cities in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Shenzhen, Nanjing, etc., it has accumulated a wealth of resources and industrial experience in the field of orbital transport, which will help to upgrade its market opening capacity by latitude and longitude.
In 2016, the gross interest rate has improved and is expected to be around 35 per cent, and the profitability of future turn-over operations is expected to continue to increase as national production projects continue.
The combined Māori rate has declined slightly, with higher management costs during the period, resulting in a profit increase that is significantly lower than the income increase. The company ' s Māori rate has declined slightly in the first quarter, and is expected to be due mainly to changes in the business structure and a gradual increase in the income share of products such as the transhipment system, which has led to a trade-off.
There is still much room for improvement in the future of the Māori ratio of the system. This year, the number of employees of the company increased more than in the previous year. As of the end of June 2016, the total number of employees of the company was 3926, which is a further increase in research and development investment in the area of new energy vehicles compared to the beginning of 2016, resulting in a similar cost in the first quarter of the year.
In addition, the third stage of the company ' s equity incentive was awarded in January of this year, with the full increase in 2017, the continued increase in R & D and the cost of equity incentives being the main reasons for the company ' s profit growth in the first quarter being significantly lower than income growth.
In the medium term, we are convinced of the company’s potential for hundreds of billions of dollars of market value, given this year’s strong recovery from the automation of industrial controls and the company’s industrial controls. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMS), Toshio Securities Holdings Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory committee.