General automation is expected to grow at a higher rate than expected.
The company's fourth quarter harvest was 1.207 billion, an increase of 34.20 per cent over the same period, and its attribution, which contributed to a recovery in industrial controls and technology marketing, led to an increase in the market share, and a second was the company's new energy source.
There has been a better growth in the R & D and track-to-trading systems. The company’s profits have increased at a slower rate than revenues, mainly due to a 49% increase in R & D inputs, a larger increase in the number of employees and a higher rate of cost. In addition, the company earned 213 million out of business last year, an increase over the same period.
A 35% increase in orders in the second half of smart equipment and robotic plates is significantly better than in the first half of the year, with 3,177 million orders in 2016, an increase of 27.80% over the same year, and about 500 million orders for trams on the Suzhou subway line 3 and on the Fushan South Sea last year.
All signed in the first half of last year, with 790 million orders expected to be made in the second half of the year, mainly for new energy fuels, recovery in industrial demand and strong marketing performance in the industry, and a significant increase in corporate automation operations in the second half of last year, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate this year.
General-purpose automation growth is higher than expected, new energy motor power continues to be low in 2015, recovery began in the second half of the year, and output growth, such as machinebeds, common-sets, has been reversed from negative to positive, but general low-pressure variants, plc, throughout the year.
The third stage of equity incentives has fallen, with the active development of new energy fuels The whole industry has fallen by about 3 per cent and universal servers have grown by about 10 per cent over the same period, although the second half of the year has grown better than the first half of the year, while the company has achieved almost 40 per cent GV and plc.
3. The growth in general-purpose frequency and universal-service servers was over-expected, and during the positive years, the company made a management change in the generic automated business centred on industry marketing, introducing a range of solutions or machines in the air-pressure, vehicle-air-conditioning, lithium-electric and textile industries.
Billions, low-pressure transformer frequency, about 613 million, are expected to reach 40% or more this year. General-serving revenue is $318 million, 57% more than the same year, and applications in areas such as 3c, lithium, etc. are very good, and we expect more than 50% growth this year.
With an income of 90 million dollars, an increase of 38% from the same year, and a sustained increase in competition since the introduction of the company’s medium-sized plc product, we expect more than 40% growth in plc over the next two years.
In 38% of cases, demand in the plastics industry has continued to improve, while companies provide customers with a range of “Ethio-drive-plus” system solutions, and we expect to achieve an increase of more than 20% this year. The new energy car block is growing by 31%, and companies are about to sell Woo-ton electric power, logistics and rides.
Automobile controls are about to break out and are expected to grow by 30 to 50% this year. The company's new energy automobile business has generated revenue of $845 million, a 31% increase over the same year. In the area of new energy passenger vehicles, Woo-Tung's share of the company's business has fallen to 75% last year, and the company has developed new gold dragons in Nanking, Silver Dragons in Pearl, and so on.
New customers, the share of new customers will continue to rise this year, while the company's electric power plant has been passed on to Yu and is expected to grow better this year in the area of new energy buses. In the area of logistics cars, companies have successfully deployed micro- and blue-plate 4.5t using products such as a logistics vehicle integrated electric power control.
Cars like a light truck have already been tested or configured with a number of car companies, and it is expected that new energy logistics traffic will double this year, with more than 100 million revenues expected. In the area of cars, the company has been in-depth interfaced with a number of car factories, including national and international brands, and has acquired many.
Project opportunities for collaboration, a new platform for the use of car power control products will start to be marketed in the second half of this year, and the company ' s DMV system will soon be launched, which will make a significant contribution next year. As a result, we expect a 30-50% growth in the company ' s new energy automobile business this year, and
Elevator one business grew faster in the international major customers and overseas markets, pulling blocks grew by 8% last year, and is expected to grow by 5-10% this year.
With more new construction last year, elevators are usually behind schedule, and this year or so, it is expected to be better in need of a single elevator. The company has taken over more than 5 million class clients, the share of the domestic market has been further increased, and the company is operating transnationally.
The second-line brand market share of business clients has also continued to rise, and the multinational customer first-line market has entered the product customization development phase, and the attachments have started to grow. Company elevators have grown by more than 50% overseas last year, and the Indian elevator market has taken the lead.
In this year, we expect the company elevators to continue to grow. With the introduction of strategic investors through an autonomous appraisal, we expect to make a breakthrough in cities outside Suzhou, with a better growth of 521 million orders this year.
Interest rates will also improve significantly. The company achieved $229 million in revenue from last year’s transhipment system, which was combined with the company’s subsidiaries in the second half of 2015, with an increase of 250% over the same year. The company signed last year a contract for the purchase of line 3 of the Suzhou subway, with a contract of $390 million + 557.
The company also signed a contract for the purchase of a tram in the South Foshan Sea, with a contract amounting to over $80 million. Hundreds of millions of dollars (including taxes) and about $521 million after taxes, are expected to generate $300-40 million in revenue this year.
Capability, in November 2016, the company successfully passed a pre-passion review of the autonomous urban railing system, which is expected to win more orders against the backdrop of an era of state support for national production of rail transport, while the profitability of the railing system will continue to increase.
Focusing on Suzhou, the Shenzhen subway project is actively involved in the bidding process, promising a breakthrough. In January this year, the company issued a public announcement to bring in new investors, promising at least one successful bid in urban subway tenders outside Suzhou and Shenzhen in 2017-2018.
Since 2003, he has been Chairman of the Shanghai Sea Battery-Bow Manufacturing Company Ltd. He has accounted for about 70% of the country's cities in the area of electric bows, and has performed in dozens of cities in North, Shanghai, Tianjin, Shenzhen, Nanjing, etc., and has accumulated in the field of rail transport.
A wealth of resources and industrial experience will help to upgrade their market openings by longitude orbits. Industrial robots are sold in bulk. Machine visuals are growing rapidly. Industrial robotics are built in a highly autonomous way.
Delta robots, six-axis robots are sold in small quantities. The company introduced the scara robotic whole-time solution in the first half of last year and obtained small bulk sales in electronics, lithium power, photovoltaics, rituals, etc.
New robots, for 3c manufacturing, mobile phone manufacturing, photovoltaic manufacturing, and led. The company has already expanded its robotics from flour to whole machines, with core robotic components and wholes expanding simultaneously.
The company has built a platform for precision bearings and related precision mechanical components and invested in the purchase of 60 per cent of the shares of Shanghai Lane, further refining the product and the overall solution in the area of mechanical transmission.
In the field of robotics, the company’s machine-visual products, as part of a smart device’s core, have generated revenues of 1,855 million, an increase of 182%, and have grown better in the fields of tank oil defects, detection of cellular screen defects, and detection of cellular defects. In the future, the company will be serving.
Māori rates have fallen slightly by 0.35 per cent due to changes in business structures, and Māori rates for new energy sources and trajectories are mainly due to changes in corporate business structures and the ratio of low Māori products to the transhipment system.
In the future, we expect to see an increase in the rate of gross domestic product and a decrease in the number of artificial servers. Control technologies are defined, and competition in the human interface product industry has increased the price decline, with a reduction in the number of controlled technical products.
Māori rates. New energy sources and trajectories have increased by 45.53 per cent, or 1.86 per cent over the same period, companies have increased the scale and partial nationalization of the trajectories, and the new energy motor power controllers are expected to maintain a stable Māori ratio.
Sales costs increased by 0.2 per cent, R & D inputs by 49 per cent, management costs by 49 per cent, sales costs by slightly higher rates, mainly due to the increase in the number of personnel, while sales costs increased by the same amount in the second half of 2015 and the longitudes of Jiangsu, leading to a comparable increase in sales costs throughout 2016.
The Department ' s management costs in 2016 were 584 million, an increase of 43.19 per cent, a rate of 15.96 per cent, and the layout of car electronics and robotics operations. The company spent 385 million, 1.39 per cent more than last year, mainly due to a decline in bank term deposits, lower interest rates on deposits, and last year.
An increase of 30 per cent in inventory and an increase of 45 per cent in accounts receivable due to an increase in the share of transactions on track, with some of the products on the line of operations not being delivered and revenue recognized. Accounts receivable amounted to $1,131 million, 45 per cent more than at the beginning of the year, and 32 per cent more than receipts, on the one hand, due to the repayment period for the new energy vehicle operation
On the other hand, there has been a slight increase in accounts receivable based on the project-type industry nature of the transaction, with the company having had 94 working days last year, which is more than usual compared to the 83 days in 2015, and an estimated improvement in returns for generic automation operations. The advance of $169 million was lower than at the beginning of the year.
Seven per cent of the projected income from track transactions is expected to have a partial impact. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $420 million, a decrease of 47.57 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the payment dues of cash from suppliers settled on their own bills of exchange and a decrease in the discounting of notes.
In view of this year’s strong recovery from the automation of industrial controls and corporate industrial controls, we are convinced in the medium term of the company’s potential for hundreds of billions of dollars in market value. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited already has a portfolio investment advisory.