General automation is growing faster than expected.
Drying pelicans (i), general automation plates are growing faster than expected, and the three main business sectors of the company are general automation, elevators and new energy vehicles.
In addition, there are two small plate-engineers and track-overs. 37.73% of the company’s high revenue growth in the first quarter was mainly due to general automation panels, of which general-frequency transformers grew by 75.9% over the same period, and universal servers increased by the same time.
1. Corporate summary: New energy cars have become companies by 13% over the year; new energy vehicles have fallen by 38% over the same period due to subsidy adjustments and re-declaration of their models.
2. Corporate depth_Seconian technology: electric cars and robotics casting 3 company overviews_Seconian technology: a new round of equity incentive planning (ii) q1 large engineering block orders increased by 60.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis
General automation, elevators, and emulators can all be classified as large engineering panels. The first four of the panels, company tracking, company tracking, company tracking, shared $10 billion at the latitudes of Jiangsu, received orders for a total of $893 million for the quarter, an increase of 60.4 per cent compared to the first quarter of the large engineering panels.
5. Company tracking _Seconian technology: Approaching, the next level of revenue will be 667 million yuan, an increase of 46.3 per cent over the same period, faster than income growth and, to some extent, higher earnings in the second quarter.
Company review _Seconian technology: Industrial and regulatory operations continue to recover, taking advantage of new energy sources and orders of 44 million yuan in the first quarter of the pipeline ... 54.7 per cent lower than the previous year.
(iii) The decline in the Māori rate and the increase in the management cost rate have led to net gains that are slower than the increase in income, although corporate income has increased at 37.73 per cent in the first quarter, net profits have only increased at a rate of only 37.73 per cent.
On the one hand, there has been an increase in the share of goods in the pipeline with a lower Māori rate, and on the other hand, companies have adjusted their prices appropriately under competition. Management costs have increased by 60% in the first quarter over the same period last year, resulting in higher management costs.
This was higher than 3 percentage points, mainly because the costs of R & D inputs, personnel costs and equity incentives grew faster. In addition, the company’s out-of-service earnings grew by nearly 70 per cent during the first quarter, mainly as a result of increased software refunds and payments for demolition payments to Long Spring.
(iv) Improved structure of accounts receivable and active production to respond to demand; a total reduction of $100 million in accounts receivable and notes receivable in balance sheet items, which facilitates the recovery of corporate cash flows; in addition, there has been an improvement in the structure and an increase in the ratio of accounts receivable.
The stock was 125 million more than at the end of last year, and the company was actively purchasing and producing in response to the demand surge. (v) Waiting for a new energy vehicle to get out of the industry.
At a higher level in three years, only the performance of the new energy car block was significantly different from the 30% to 50% acceleration target set by the company at the beginning of the year for reasons of policy adjustments. We believe that after entering the second and third quarters, the company’s new energy automobile business will be associated with the industry by completing the remodeling and cataloguing process and entering the batch production chain.
Out of the low season, with general automation and elevators, the high growth in corporate business income will be achieved. In 2017, the company’s general automation plate will benefit deeply from the recovery of manufacturing, and the new energy reserves for years, the cars and industrial robots, which are expected to make breakthroughs, are very promising.
Costs continued to show an upward trend; repayment pressures increased and cash flows spread.