In the second half of the year, looking at the volume of battery operations, the long-term product strength, the short-term Māori ratio (002074.sz) pressure, and the medium- and long-term benefits of the product's increased output are expected to continue to grow.
Billion dollars, +38%. 2nd quarter revenues of 2,259 million yuan, ring +75 million; (2) Māori ratio: 2021h1 company power cell load of 2.89gwh, delivery estimated at over 5gwh; (5) unit sales price: 2021h1 company power batteries sold at an average price of 0.62 yuan/wh, if the shipment is made in the first half of the year.
They believe that the supply tension at the end of the raw materials supply will gradually be eased, raw materials prices will continue to rise only marginally, companies will benefit from the high demand of downstream customers, the rate of start-up increases in the spread rate, and the overall net interest rate level is expected to improve gradually over time.
We maintain earlier profit projections that the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow, with a positive deployment of core raw materials and a higher upstream cost-control capability. Since 2021, the company has strengthened the vertical layout of the whole industry chain from mineral resources to lithium electric materials. (1) Upstream capital.
Source: Investment in IYP, 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate; (2) positive: joint venture with Middle Metallurgical Group, Biadi, production of pre-triple drive, extension of 200,000 tons of high-end positive material in the Tianjiang; (3) diaphragms: second extension of the compost source II. Corporate update report - 100,000 tons of carbonic acid
Construction; (4) Battery industry chain: layout battery recovery and ladder utilization operations. Lithium project landing, locking in core raw material supply. Launching annual equity incentive schemes to boost team cohesion
The company issued an employee equity incentive scheme, granting 29.98 million stock options to 1,087 clients, representing total equity.