The 100,000-ton lithium carbonate class project landed, locking in the supply of core raw materials (002074.sz)
On 3 and 4 August 2021, the Ministry formally signed a contract with the districts of Yi Fong and Bong, respectively, to invest in the construction of 50,000 tons of lithium carbonate projects in each of the two regions.
In March 2021, the company signed a contract with the municipality of Yichun to form a mining company and to promote the landing of the industrial park project. The carbon-acid lithium project in Yifeng and Bongchen counties is an important component of cooperation with the municipality of Yichun.
The country’s high rate of Maori is close to the industry and the Ninder era. The company now maintains a high rate of Maori in the context of the main phosphate lithium, and we believe that it has performed well at the cost control end.
The average price of battery-grade lithium carbonate increased from 52,000 yuan/tons to 91,000 yuan/tons at the beginning of 2021. Lithium carbonate is expected to fluctuate over the entire chain of raw materials.
In an environment where the cost advantage is maintained, the position of the company’s second-line leader is consolidated and gradually aligned with the first-line battery manufacturer.
Power and charge can be useful for high-end and medium-end customers. There are currently two headlines in the domestic electric vehicle market: Corporate Information Update - High-end Positive and Medium-Small, with greater room for electric vehicle penetration in a class of vehicles. We believe that State-based policies are in place.
Energy, a firm view of the long-term release of company products - Support and consumer acceptance that the wave of level-a electricization will be the main driving force behind the further expansion of the new energy market over the long term.
Corporate Information Updates - Improvements in links with the strong public, company product penetration at the mid-to-high end, and overall city coverage are expected to have a greater potential for improvement.