Increased production of high-end positive and polar capacity, and a firm view of the long-term release of corporate products.
On July 26, 2021, the Ministry announced that it would invest in the construction of a project with an annual output of 200,000 tons of high-end positive materials, which began construction before the end of October 2021 and was officially launched in 2025.
The financial situation and business outcomes are not significant, and the company is trying to meet the future expansion of power cell capacity, demand for raw materials, and further enhance the company’s competitiveness and influence. We are continuing to deepen the industrial chain layout and expand the cost-side advantage of the company’s profitability projections.
The Māori rate is relatively close and relatively high in the industry and Ningde era. We believe that a high Māori rate is maintained in the current context of phosphorus-acid lithium, and that companies perform well at the cost-control end. According to our calculations, the cost per unit of Neptune High Battery in 2020 was 0.56/wh, close to the Ningde era.
One of the reasons for the excellent performance at this end is that the company is now fully autonomous in the supply of positive materials, with lithium phosphate accounting for about 20-30% of the raw material cost of the battery, and three-dollar batteries accounting for about 35-46% of the raw material cost of the battery (ton, planning for the whole of 50,000 tons). According to our estimates, the company produced more than 8gwh in 2020, corresponding to the requirements.
At present, the capacity is about 20 million tons of positive material. In conjunction with this new expansion of 200,000 tons, the overall capacity of 250,000 tons will meet the firm’s positive demand for 100 gwh in 2025.
With deep collaboration with the general public in the field of electric intelligence, on the one hand the National High School has tried to develop local chemistry in Europe. The Corporate Information Update - a powerful association with the general public to accelerate access to European markets, and on the other hand, the German system of strict quality control is expected to significantly upgrade its batteries.
Quality and overall competitiveness of Quality, Improving Product Competitiveness, SQD-Standler Simplified Process developed by HQ in cooperation with the general public, Reduction of Company First Cover Report - The Lead of the Iron Lithium
Costs, upgrading of battery continuity and charge-back performance are conducive to the development of other medium- and high-end customers by the national elite. The root-point, entering the new upward cycle, 2021.7.7 is the basis for development, and will help companies to achieve these goals.