Together with the public, we'll improve the competitiveness of our products.
• Working with the public in depth, product competitiveness is expected to lead to rapid growth in corporate performance
Car-type development of the first generation of standard cores became the first targeted developer to obtain the R & D contract. We believe that the two-party collaboration will significantly improve the competitiveness of the country’s high-quality products, that corporate performance will continue to grow, that profit forecasts will maintain a rapid increase in the sales of mass electric vehicles, and that the high-quality sector is one of the core suppliers.
According to the popular plan, 1.5 million new energy vehicles are expected to be delivered in China in 2025, estimated at 60 degrees of electricity per vehicle, with power cell demand estimated at 100 gwh. According to the agreement between the general public and Jianghua, the next step would be to invest more than $20 billion in composting to build a new meb platform plant, with an annual capacity of 300,000, no.
In the next seven years, 35-400,000 vehicles will be produced. Mass cars are expected to see a 50% penetration rate in the group by 2030 (3% in 2020). By 2040, the major markets are expected to sell zero emissions.
It is expected that, based on the depth of cooperation and cost between the general public and the public in the field of high-tech battery development and production, the high-quality department will become one of the core suppliers of the public in the country, with a high market outlook.
Mass China has sent a team of 10-20 experts to help the Kuang High School with the development of the meb platform. In 2021, the combined cost of a square core for the first public appearance was significantly reduced, to a maximum of 50%, while the company’s first coverage report, the Iron Lithium Dragon Head, was launched.
Battery retention and charging have increased significantly. As the world's largest car company, the general public, has turned into a new upward cycle in the field of electric intelligence, accelerating cooperation between the G.I.K. and Germany, on the one hand, and access to more international resources and opportunities on the other, on the other hand.
Quality control systems are expected to significantly improve the quality and overall competitiveness of their batteries, and to facilitate the development of their high- and middle-end customers. According to the company’s annual report, the company plans to produce 100 gwh in 2025, with no share in the country.