The Fund's rundown! The cash flow is falling! Zero income growth! It's all bad. Why has it gone up recently?
The model report will be attached to the following text, with updated parameters to be displayed in blue fonts. In addition, the updated parameters are shown in the excel table in the financial model in yellow with background.
A patient reading and daily incision are essential prerequisites for the success of the value investment. On the evening of October 29, the company released its three-quarters report of 2019 – an almost zero growth in operating income! It achieved operating income of $21,098 million, an increase of 0.63%, a net profit of $7,152 million, an increase of 1.6%, and a business activity.
But the market didn't look good on it, and the next day the stock price fell, which was the fall of the white industry, and the recent "drinks" that cast a shadow over the entire industry, and the major funds and companies that held it. That's how the company, without fear, started to rebound.
It is a very special company in the white wine industry – the only white wine company with many high-end brand lines. It owns two Chinese brands: the Ocean River, the Trench, and six brands: Blue Classics, Precious Bay, Dream Blue, and Soup.
In addition, it is viewed by the Swiss Union Bank Group (ubsag), Goldman Sachs, Central Money Remittance, etc.. The top ten shareholders are Hong Kong, and we look at the list of shareholders since the first quarter of 2017, each season, but after the third quarter, the amount of its fund is drastically reduced. The number of funds has been reduced from 534 in the second quarter to only the remaining.
57. The Fonda, the summer fund, the Thai government, the Great Wall, etc., have been reduced, and their financial model, Excel, will be updated in the context of the 3-quarter report of 2019 by Merger and Purchase of Merger, and will be updated in this report.
The core points not summarized are: first, in terms of the quality of growth — business income increased by 0.63 per cent on a year-on-year basis, receivables decreased by 7.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, receivables decreased by 18.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis, inventories increased by 4.04 per cent on a year-on-year basis, advance receipts decreased by 28.61 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net cash flows from operating activities decreased by 28.61 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Overall, operating income grew by almost zero, the advance performance remained poor, and the volume of cash flows from operating activities decreased by a ring, but the same-year decline remained very different. Thus, 2019 was a very challenging year for the ocean river. Fourth, in terms of operating capital — 0.44 per cent of the stock turnover, a low level in the industry, compared to the second quarter.
Upgraded, the adjustment controls were relatively effective; there was a high turnover of accounts receivable, up from the same period in the previous year; there was a 4.67 turnover of accounts payable, down 0.42 from the same period in the previous year.In summary, this three-quarterly report: in a period of deep adjustment, operating income had barely increased, and the level of advance collection was not encouraging,
Under the data that the cash flow and performance of the river has fallen sharply due to a reduction in the number of loans and orders made by the distributors, today, before updating the modelling report, we have to think about a few questions: 1) What factors are worth analysing after the release of the three-quarters report? What are the factors of these changes from the perspective of financial modelling?
2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarterly report and the previous estimate? What are the data assumptions that need to be updated? 3) What are the intervals in which, according to the updated data of the three-quarters report, and what is the cost of the previous data? 4)) What are the implications for the ocean river of the “consumption tax transfer” programme?
Today, we started with Ocean River shares to continue our study of the valuation logic of the white wine industry. We've done detailed financial modelling in Excel, along with Kotai, Guizhou, as well as in-depth research on five grain fluids, Shanxi wine, Gui Goon wine, purchase of a professional version of the valuation report from the Yogurt team, and obtain financial modelling reports, details of some of the key cases.
Excel financial models, as well as dozens of industry studies, reflect in depth on the essence of the industry. What data are the real core?
1) The rate of revenue growth - 2019 q3, which achieved operating income of $21,098 million, an increase of 0.63 per cent over the same period, almost zero growth. Rootly, according to its investor relations activities: the previous three quarters of the year, the off-provincial market continued to grow, but at a slower pace, with the provincial adjustment leading to an update of the increase in sales within and outside the province, setting the scenario:
Moreover, because the three-quarters report does not disclose the relevant sales, it is not possible to quantify the price of the plant. But the ocean river is in the “go-to-store” phase, and the product is still mainly in the middle, probably at no price increase.
In 2019, prices did not rise, and the price of alcohol then returned to gdp levels at 6 per cent per annum, decreasing to a conservative level: in 2019, prices did not increase, and the price of white wine subsequently decreased at a cpi rate of 3 per cent per annum to 0 per cent per annum, so we updated our assumption that the ratio of operating costs (depreciated amortization)/business income was the average of almost two years, at 28.84 per cent.
(The reported assumption is a three-year historical average, as industry costs have risen and ocean river costs have increased, resulting in higher investment in channel marketing, and therefore the cost of sales has remained the same as originally assumed, at a higher rate than in the past three years; and management fees have fluctuated little and remain the same as previously assumed, at a three-year average.
5) Capital expenditure — No significant changes in capital expenditure, sufficient capacity, management research indicating smaller future spending, thus maintaining the original assumption. 6) Operating capital — operating capital is the focus of the case, the advance collection continues to fall, and the dealer's inventory has not yet been adjusted
At the same time, as a result of the decline in advance receipts, the decline in orders, the decrease in cash received by the ocean river, the decline in cash flows from operating activities, which is almost two-thirds compared to the same period the previous year, the stock side of the inventory, where it has achieved a certain level of success and the stock turnover ratio has risen.
This quarterly update will analyse the impact of the “consumption tax.” In the newly published regulatory document, it is mentioned that “part of the current consumer tax items collected in the production (import) ring will be moved gradually to wholesale or retail sections.”
We believe that the program will further accelerate the adjustment of the white industry, which will have little impact on high-end white wine, but will have some impact on low- and medium-grade white wine. For low- and medium-grade white wine manufacturers, if this consumption tax is transferred to retail terminals, consumers may not pay for it, downstream demand.
There are two options for reducing this, but if the distributor itself assumes responsibility, the profit margin of its channel will be further reduced and the distributor may look for it. As a medium- and low-end white wine producer, there are therefore two options: either the manufacturer assumes that part of the product in the form of a reduction in the price of the offer, or the distributor is given discounts or subsidies to offset that portion of the growth costs.
In the present case, the prices for their products are low, and their brands are sub-high, so the chances are low. In retail terminals, only high-end dream series, the prices for manual shifts have been raised (and their share is small), and there are no other increases.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the data-adjusted Excel table, you can compare the update with the previous data in some detail and in some depth -- according to the semi-annual report, what minor changes have occurred in the basics? How will these slight change factors affect the intrinsic value?
Ocean River shares were created in 1949 and marketed in 2009. The dominant products are the dream blues, the blue classics of the ocean river, the Trench Treasures, the Ocean Rivers, the Treasures, and the series of white wines.
In this case, Ocean River shares are upstream suppliers of raw materials such as sorghum, wheat, sorghum, and rice, with the top five suppliers purchasing 32.37% of total annual purchases; downstream customers are distributors (distributors) and consumers (direct sales), the top five customers.
The share of household sales in total annual sales was 4.24 per cent. 17,183 million yuan, 19,918 million yuan, 24,160 million yuan, varieties and prices were generated from 2016 to 2019q3, respectively, to take a look at the following:
These industry characteristics form the structure of the financial statements in the present case: What is the fundamentals? The following graphs, which are actually enriched with a lot of information: If the valuation of the ocean river is to be modeled, the core element is: 1) the acceleration driving force -
Economic growth, the driving force of rising consumption on demand in the white wine industry; 2) profit margins -- depending on the distribution of channels, product price increases. With two major questions, we go down. Before modeling, we divide the ocean rivers into three categories - white - depending on how the ocean’s performance is driven and the income structure is.
For non-core operations, the rate of increase is measured simply. In terms of income structure, the ratio of wine to wine is very small, ranging from 1% to 2%.
Next, we focus on the revenue from the White Wine business. Its income can be divided into “tonne prices multiplied by sales”, and it can be seen as a concrete driver. The price first looks at the ocean river’s historical tonnage: historically, there has been only one negative increase in the price of the ocean river’s white beverages, that is to say, after the “Thirties” in 2013, the rest.
So, what's the driving force behind the high-end white price hikes? The first assumption is, is price increases, are they cyclical? A comparison of the price increase and the white wine index shows that since 2017, prices and indices have fluctuated backwards: in 2017, the white wine index was rising, but the ton price increase started to rise.
Slow down, in 2018, the white wine index went down, but the ton price increase went up. Note, because the data we're talking about here is the ton price disclosed by listed companies, the corresponding price is the factory price.
There seems to be some contradiction, why does the weather cycle not affect the price increase for white wine? According to the logical extension of our previous research in such cases as the Kudo, Fukuoka Glass, in Guizhou, the cycle is first and foremost caused by the stock cycle, which is created by a mismatch between demand and stock.
In line with the above theory, the white wine industry also follows the cycle pattern of passive de-stocking, active replenishment, passive replenishment, active de-stocking, four phases. Thus, under the usual cycle pattern, it is not possible to make price increases at the passive re-stocking, master de-stocking stage -- so where the difference leads to theory and practice.
The difference between the white wine and other manufacturing companies, which have a long shelf life, and the storage conditions, which are not very demanding, can be stored for at least three to five years, and many of them can be “older and better”. So there can be no deterioration in storage for one to two years.
Question. So, at the “go to the stock actively” stage, the channel is not just a choice to lower the price of the stock, it is even an option to keep the stock up and sell it after the valley.
This is an example of a high-end white wine dealer who, when entering the lower end of the stock cycle, prejudges the high-end white wine to a higher industry, and continues to raise prices.a
If there is a shortage of funds, there will be no rush to promote sales, because the two-year price of white wine is long, and not only will it be sold and sold, but it will even generate higher profits. So we see the business strategies that high-end white wine companies have adopted:
1) There must be price increases, even counter-cyclical ones, which give strong expectations to distributors at low industry temperatures, such as five grain fluids, Guai Goon, and Ocean Rivers, which have used counter-cyclical price increases. 2) Control of production, while encouraging channels to add stocks, stimulate over-extension of future demand;
3) Provide liquidity support to distributors to prevent distributors from taking the initiative to go to stock because of liquidity problems, typically such as the five grain fluids, your state tabloid bills, and interest guarantees for distributors. Such strategies are not only applicable to the white wine industry, but are also common to other luxury industry companies.
Similarly, in 2018, when the global economic landscape went down, Māori rose inversely, from 65.3 per cent to 66.6 per cent.
There is a certain amount of inaccuracies in the leading indicators, because high-end white wine almost raises prices, regardless of the mood. So, what are the anchoring criteria for high-end white wine price increases?
By recapturing the historical cycle of the white wine industry, we can see that a large proportion of the consumption of the white wine industry was of a public nature, and that the structure of downstream demand in the white wine industry changed after the 2013 "3cc" and began to be dominated by residential consumption.
In contrast, the population ' s expenditure, which is directly related to disposable income, increases the per capita disposable income of urban residents at the same rate as in the quarter of 2014-2018 and tests the per capita consumption expenditure of urban residents at the same rate, with a correlation of 0.61 and a positive correlation.
Note, however, that when studying the increase in the price of white wine, we cannot directly use the indicator of an increase in the disposable income of urban residents, because high-end white wine is in the category of luxury goods, which are also affected by a variable: consumption of luxury goods in terms of consumption expenditure, consumption of luxury goods, which will grow as disposable income increases, known as the veblen effect.
The value of use for luxury goods, works of art, is primarily to meet psychological expectations, and therefore commodity prices.
So there are two main driving forces behind high-end white wine price increases: (1) disposable income growth; and (2) luxury consumption consumption, but note that the data on the ratio increase in luxury consumption are not available, so model predictions are being made.
In Japan’s history, the luxury industry began to develop in the 1970’s and 1980’s, with luxury brands booming into the long term. At the same time, at the beginning of the growth in luxury consumption, large and fast-growing consumption was personal luxury.
At present, our situation is comparable to that of Japan in the 1970s and is a phase of rapid development in the consumption of luxury goods (high end consumer goods), most of which are concentrated on personal items such as costumes, watches, perfumes, etc.
At that time, real consumption in Japan grew at about 8.3 per cent, which is no different from the current rate of growth in disposable income for our population, with an average growth rate of 8.7 per cent and a median growth rate of 8.6 per cent.
In addition, in 2019, it was a year of deep adjustment for the Ocean River. The October investor relations event said that the reason for the slowdown in the company’s performance in the previous three quarters was mainly the introduction of proactive adjustments in June and the introduction of controls and the like.
So, the whole product is not price-raising. So, we update the assumption that there are two scenarios that are optimistic and conservative (three-quarterly reporting data do not disclose sales data, so there is no way to reverse the recent new bid, but the overall price projection logic is basically the same):
1) Optimistic: In 2019, prices did not increase, and then the price of white wine returned to gdp levels at 6% per year. 2) Conservatively: in 2019, prices did not increase, and then the price of white wine increased at a cpi rate of 3% per year, and then at zero per cent per year per year, we came to make projections — high-end sales of white wine, and what were the drivers?
The price, that is, the price that a dealer buys from a manufacturer, then sells it to someone else. As a group of distributors, the profit core comes from the price difference between the price and the price.
The higher the price difference, the higher the dealer's profit margin – typically Maotai, whose prices have not risen in recent years, vindicated $996, but whose prices have been rising, ranging from 1556 to 2506 – the difference has been magnified.
On the right, demand is still high, compared to the previous 100 dollars. In the case of the five grains, the bulk price has stabilized at around 910 to 920 dollars, and the distributors have recently started to make payments, ranging from 20 to 40%, with some large firms using currency bills.
These two figures are crucial. The difference between the price of the plant and the price of the plant, which is a tap ladder, is, on the one hand, increasing the profit margin for the distributor and, on the other hand, suggesting that the huge brand premium - the dealer's downfall - can make a lot of money. The bigger the area, the higher the profit margin, the more willing the dealer is to recommend his product to the customer.
Such spreads are particularly evident in the high-end white wine, which makes it possible to understand the differences in business strategies. For the powerful high-end products of the moat, a round-up of prices, even below the price range, is a price adjustment phase, and then a “restrictive-priced” business strategy is needed.
And then, if the "control price" doesn't work well, the fundamentals fall. And if it does, the price goes up, and it's actually a good time to invest.
The ocean river, because of the middle-end wine, has a smaller difference between the prices of the factory and the price of the batch, and has a lower profit margin. Note that, according to the state’s securities, even the local rivals in the province are 5-6% higher than their profit margin. As a result, the ocean river’s low spreads, the rigid application of quotas, the sales workers directly contact each dealer, the distributors, and the distributors.
Here is an important contrast – by industry logic, it is better to sell itself by giving higher profits to distributors, but why does the river have to go in the opposite direction? After the river’s products, whether directly sold or stockpiled, they are less profitable than hoarding down the roofs and the five grains of liquid.
So, the same money is in the hands of the distributors, and it's clear who the money is, who it is, who it is, who it is. It is this difference that has led to the data – in the near future, the advance of $1.779 billion in the river, an increase of 13.53% compared to the same period in the previous year, while the overall cash flow has fallen significantly in view of the fall in the bond.
Looking closely at the recent September investor relations activities in the ocean river, it says: “This round started in May this year with the initiative of taking control measures, and the adjustment of the mid-autumn quota. Overall, there has been some improvement, and the prices of the dominant products have begun to rise, hoping for a better improvement by the first half of next year.
It's complicated, it's a lot of uncertainty, and it's going to take some time. But as long as we stay on the right track, we'll have better access to the official disclosure of the investor's relationship, and we'll have more problems: 1) The high-end white wine price is higher, and it's always been there, but why is it so obvious in 2019?
What direction is it? Is it not the high-end drinking route?
If we're going to go straight to the five grains pk, then we're going to have to increase the brand input and try to raise the price, which is what we can see as outsiders, but why not in the ocean?
Along with the high-profile positions in the store, the high-end species of the river dream 9 and the manual classes, but not with them.
Why do high-end, medium-end white wines divide? The answer is tax incentives.
It's white wine; 2) it's more pronounced in the Jiang Yu region. (Acquisition of a “specialized” version of the team's core product, looking at the Shanghai airport case, which is not described in detail here.) We see that the trend in tobacco and alcohol is clearly far beyond the food, daily and textile apparel.
In addition, the average wage in Shanghai and the surrounding cities of Shanghai (Zhejiang and Jiangsu) is higher than in the rest of the country, according to tax-paying companies in the provinces and the average number of non-private sector employees in the towns and cities.
A large battalion, Jiangsu Province, has been greatly affected – the high-end white-suppliers are rapidly rising – demand is passed on to distributors – to magnify the profit effects of the high-end white-supplier price differentials – there is a clear division between the high end and the middle end. And this time, the logic of the short-term slowdown of the river’s growth is essentially that high-end products, such as dream series, are already priced.
But the depth of the market is not enough, and consumers and distributors still recognize their high-end properties and are unable to match the standard, causing them to miss the dividends of the tax-reducing stimulus of the current round. So, how serious is the problem of “pressure,” commonly interpreted by the media after this division?
Will it affect our judgement about long-term certainty? Is this a largely downward signal, and will it continue, or even worse? Is the stock pressure high?
According to research reports, the issue of dealers' inventories is higher in Jiangsu than in the provinces: “The situation is different for different distributors in different regions, and the stock is more reasonable across the country and beyond.
So let's focus on stocks in Jiangsu province. The dealer's inventory = opening inventory + supply-demand, and we'll start with the three factors.
By the third quarter, the river said: “To date, the effect of the transition adjustment has initially become apparent, with a good shift in stock, prices, and industry relations. The company has been patient about the transition adjustment, and has given it a long time, with expectations that it will be resolved.
The problem is to develop cumulative energy for the next phase of the enterprise.” The year’s growth has been positive. And, according to the Beijing Business Journal, in early 2019, Hae-Tien’s products were controlled in Jiangsu market, reducing the number of measures to be put into dealers.
And, until the third quarter, there was a proactive policy of controlling goods and the like. The stock turnover was 0.44, the same week as the previous year, and then, at the end of the year, the demand side — Jiangsu City — where the zero growth rate slowed again in the third quarter; moreover, investor relations activities revealed that: “By region, the previous three quarters of the province's out-of-town market was still growing, but at a slower rate, as a result of adjustments within the province.
Deeper, sales have declined; by the end of the year, the dream series has continued to grow, and the sea and sky products have fallen.” In addition, through the advance collection of ocean rivers, the amount received in advance for the third quarter was $1,979 million, a growth of -28.61 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and an increase of 11.24 per cent over the ring.
In the case of market shares, the main competitors in the province are for the present. In Jiangsu province, the Yangtze River is the leader, accounting for more than 35% of the city. It is about 10% of the world's population.
For $3.5 billion, the ocean river is about three times the world's fate. In 2018, the ocean river sold 10,9328 tons in tons of white wine, and in 2018 it sold 26812 thousand litres, equivalent to 24370 tons, while the ocean river sold five,57% of tons in the ocean province and 0.51% of tons in the world's origin.
See, the present world has not taken advantage of the market in the ocean river, despite its rapid growth. From the three factors affecting the dealer’s inventory, we can conclude that the demand side of the product is still serious and has had some impact on the outside of the province, slowing it down. So, what is the ocean river doing in recent times?
First, the river's high-end product series, adjusted prices. 1 January of the year, 2019 edition of the 52nd-degree dream manual settlement price was raised by $100 per bottle on the basis of the original price.
The instruction price is at a minimum of $200 per bottle. The news, at first glance, seems to be a sign of reheating, but it is not appropriate to overexploit it here because it is a very small species in the high-end system of the ocean river, and the ocean river's dream series are divided into m3\m6\m9 manual classes.
The ocean river does not raise the high-price line extensively, and it can be seen on its side that the current pipeline stock is not improving so fast. In summary, the ocean river stock is still in a deep adjustment period.
At the same time, this is borne out by the exchange between the gold securities and the river distributors. "q: What do you think of the end-of-the-ocean sales performance in 2020?
There's an increase. The second quarter of 2020 will see if the adjustment will lead to a virtuous cycle.q: How do you understand that the ocean river began to control the goods in June, and how to define the control?
Stabilizing, if all levels are profitable, there is room for continued virtuous development.” So, in the long run, how can the ocean rivers get out of stock pressure and restore growth?
1) Focus on high-end routes, moving towards luxury goods — increasing input in high-end directions, burning money to dream 9 and manual class brands, taking the same luxury route as the five grains; 2) Focus on middle-end routes, moving towards fast-discharges — all-round, nationwide, and based on broad-based channels of excellence
This figure represents 7.8% of the revenue in 2018 according to 2019 billion (note that in 2018 the top five clients accounted for only 4.87% of total sales).
According to research on Anshin securities, there has been a marked increase in the drop-out of Mao Dai's own shop, which is 100% higher than planned at the beginning of the year. The direct battalion will reduce to some extent the difference between the price of a single price and the price of the offer, as it increases the availability of the hut (reduces)
The bottom line is that it's too profitable to expand so that prices are not too aggressive. And, of course, it can be interpreted as a bubble in prices.
2) Five grain fluids - higher prices, higher amounts. On 10 August 2019, the price of the Eighth Dip V retail instruction was raised to 1399, the price of the group purchase was $1199 and the price of the batch was $106. On volume, since August, there has been more marketing of the five fluids, such as “old wine home” and “life wine cabinets”.
In terms of volume, 1,573 products are saturated, and in August-September 2019, 52 and 38 degrees of the cellar's classics.
The product quota is applied at a 30% reduction. Overall, the five grains are delicious, and there is pressure in the old cellars of the state. What would the river be like if it were to choose a high-end route at this node, and compete with the mink?
High-end branding does not happen overnight, and even if there is a substantial increase in the high-end supply, there will be an awkward situation in 2012 and 2014, when a batch of prices are tied to the price of the offer.
Who can guarantee that the river’s dream 9 and manual classes can dry it for a short period of time and catch up with five grains? Although there are a lot of public articles on dream 9 and manual classes, at least from our research on the roots of the White Wine retail store.
It's still hard -- in Shanghai, we randomly walk into three retail stores, each one of them in the center, while the merchants don't put their dreams on the 9th, the manual and the other 5th. That means that, at least in the eyes of the retailer, the position of the two supreme kings, the 9th is still unshakeable.
The central reason behind this is that high-end properties are still not deep enough, dream 9 and manual classes need to continue their hard work. At the same time, when high-end branding cannot be done overnight, only one other path can be chosen.
If luxury is hard to follow, then there is another route: fast digestion. If high-end camps are hard to catch up with, five, can you think of a different way: if I put the middle-level drinking camps to the bottom? The answer is: the middle-market is extremely competitive, with almost two survival models.
The first is, you know, a regional brand. At the moment, most of the medium-end wine is regional local brands, with separate territories, and it's a good day.
Through the Channel + Merger model, it's possible for consumers to enter retail stores, and with the exception of high-end shopping and five, most of the middle-end products that consumers can buy (100 to 300 dollars) are covered by me. This way, we can still protect the city. Where is the mound?
So, if this is the route, you can avoid the bloody competition with the five grains of the puppies and get out of it, and there's already a global giant drawing the path -- e.g., the Tiagio by M & A. The wind of the river, for example, began to focus on the Jiangsu market in the last cycle, starting with the new Jiangsu market — Henan, Shan.
East, Anhui, Zhejiang, Shanghai... this market has been expanded not only to sell rivers of ocean, but also to sell the various mediums under its flag in the future, helping them to spread -- for example, the brands that were acquired earlier: two ditches. That is to say, I can't do you at the high end, but I can compete differently in the middle.
Super, liquor retail stores, except for high-end liquor, buy all kinds of medium-end wine under my flag. This is the logic of the expansion of the fast-dismantling giants, such as Billionaire International, Unilever, Coca-Cola, Yashlande.
9.12%) where the dealer’s inventory is also reasonable. It is noted, however, that by the third quarter, according to its October investor relations activities, its off-provincial market continued to grow, but at a slower pace.
The market includes Shandong, Henan, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Angkwe. The selection of these locations was expanded by the following points: 1) gdp per capita in the province is generally higher than the national per capita gdp (other than Henan, Anghui) and consumption levels are high, promoting high-end white wine consumption; Henan, while temporarily lagging behind, has a higher growth rate of gdp per capita than the national population, with a greater potential to upgrade in the future.
In Henan, Shandong Province, drinking wine. Henan's wine is small and scattered (mostly low-end wine) and lacks medium- and high-end brands; Shandong's wine is bigger, but most are medium- and low-end wine, and the middle and high-end market is equally not strong.
Migration, the high-priced liquor market is seized by the river. (4) Zhejiang is economically strong and consumes high levels, but lacks a local brand of white wine, which is dominated by competition from outside the province (Photo Five, etc.).
5. Shanghai is one of China’s economically developed cities, where per capita consumption of alcohol of all types is higher than the national average, but the share of white alcohol consumption is very small. As a city with the most attractive population, therefore, the white wine market has the potential to expand (through consumption orientation, increasing the consumption of white wine).
As a result, these markets are characterized by high levels of consumption, large populations of consumers, and scattered patterns of competition. Over the past three years, the river has seen a 23.73 per cent increase in compound revenues and a compound increase in sales (based on income/tonne prices).
In terms of the number of channels, the market has grown from 495 at the end of 2018 to 570. After excluding the impact of prices, the rate of increase in foreign market sales has been 7.63%, 2.41%, and 9.17%, respectively. But according to feedback from recent investor-relationship activities: “The growth of the off-provincial market has remained steady for the last three quarters, but the rate of increase has slowed.”
Here, we update the assumption: So, the income projections are finally complete. But what needs to be noted is, if we look at the longer term, what is the driving force back when the nationalized channel is completed?
As channels are in place, a new brand can be purchased quickly and, similarly, multi-brand combinations can be better able to withstand the impact of external factors. These logics exist in the mature tobacco and alcohol industry overseas, typical of Tiagio, which we have studied before.
So, what about the ocean river, the M&A experience in the history of the ocean river – the two-trenched liquor industry (2010) — the Hobei Pear village wine industry (2013) , the Bin State wine factory in Harbin (2014), the Qingjiang Xiaochun wine industry (2014), Guizhou Qui
Although the form of mergers and acquisitions has only emerged in recent years in the white wine industry in our country, it is already common to look at foreign liquor businesses.
Looking back at the white wine market in our country, apart from the nationalization of two front-line liquor businesses, the vast majority of other branded liquor businesses are more regional and less likely to be nationalized. These powerful liquor companies are generally strong.
Large capital, so M&As are an effective tool for rapid nationalization. But, given the country’s rich background, M&As may still be hampered in the short term.
From the reported data, and from the relevant news, the river does not show any new movement in mergers and acquisitions, but we think that it is not possible to rule out a single day of sudden, if not even cross-border, action on the brand. Because, now, many of the brands of the wine are on the front line where the city’s merchants are over-painting, and the prices are also in the “mid-end” zone of 100 to 300.
In fact, this year’s news may have been ignored by many. The river has already joined forces with Tiagio, and the movement of future joint ventures deserves sustained attention.
However, the Ocean River and Tiagio's plan for the “middle-class taboo” may have been earlier. According to sky-eyes, the Tiagio Internacional Trade (see more relevant information above)- 100-degree snapshots of the Ocean River and Tiagio joint venture was unveiled.
Two hundred and seventy-nine Tibetan Monuments were held in the Dining House, and the Ocean River shares launched this year's seal on the Sea River 1949 Seal, a joint venture with the world's famous wine industry, the Tiagio Market, and the Jiangsu River Tiagio Liquor Co. Ltd..
I'm going to take a look at more of this information >- 100-degree snapshot of it > > > > > > > > > > > > > > .
Given the regionalization of the white wine industry, its equity background, and the difficulty of purchasing and buying it, it is difficult to predict precisely. So we're only looking ahead here and not adding it to the model. So, the study, the rate of income growth has been predicted, but you're going to have to have one question — is it not?
One method is used to determine the speed of growth, which is less referencing. Here we go, in combination with the acceleration method, the market method, etc.) the counter-rolling method of the quarterly reports - which is generally stable in terms of the ratio of the revenue from the historical quarterly reports to the annual income from the operation, of which the average of the annual reports is 85.49%. 2019q3, operating income is 21,098 million yuan.
2) The historical rate of increase - the combined rate of growth in the history of the river has been 18.58 per cent in the last three years. 3) The internal rate of growth - the internal rate of growth = net asset return* (1-point red rate). Its historical average red rate for the last three years is 6 market method - currently 35 per cent in the province of Jiangsu and less than 10 per cent in the provinces outside the province.
Market size data are not disclosed at the same level and accurate data are not available, so this case does not use this method for forecasting. In summary, our projections are inversely different from those of quarterly reports and institutional projections. Overall, they are in line with expectations.
The question is, where does it spend all of its money, and where does it spend its history of its Maori rate and net interest rate fluctuations? Note that in recent years, the ocean's Maori rate has been rising, but its net interest rate has not followed, and it's almost stable. So where does it invest money on us?
Looking at its costs and costs, one by one, the cost of doing business – historically, the cost of doing business in the ocean river (mainly in the form of direct white wine) has been declining, with negative cost increases in 2018. Clearly, the cost is not cost-effective.
Quarterly data indicate a 14 per cent increase in operating income and a 25 per cent increase in operating costs in the first quarter of 2019. In its investor relationship activities, it is stated that growth in other business income with a lower Māori rate and a corresponding increase in other business costs have led to a slight decline in the Māori rate in the first quarter, while the Māori rate has remained the same as in the previous year after deduction of other business income in the first quarter.
One thing: The cost of the main business remained essentially unchanged. Business income grew by 10.01% in mid-2019 and business costs by 12.15%. Here, because of the increase in operating costs, the Māori rate of 70.95% was reduced by 0.77% compared to the same period in the previous year. Moreover, in the second quarter of 2019,
In the last three quarterly reports, operating costs increased by 0.87%, a very small increase; the Māori rate was 71.67% and the net interest rate was 33.9%, while the Māori rate of the river was lower than that of its counterparts, while the net interest rate and cost rate were relatively good and medium water.
In summary, and with reference to the average cost of sales by peers of 25.43%, we update the assumption that operating costs (depreciated amortization) represent an historical average of 28.84% of income over two years, and that the cost of the period is divided into financial costs, administrative costs, and sales costs.
Negative, no borrowing liability, only an increase in monetary funds, interest income generated, which indicates that river funds are in good shape, does not decrease administrative costs (including R & D) from 2016 onwards, mainly based on employee remuneration, followed by depreciation. Of this, two high points in the administrative cost rate occurred in 2014 and 2016, as a result of the acquisition of Hal separately in those two years.
Linzhou Breweries (2014), Ningxiang Qing Luang Wine (2014), Guizhou Liquor (2016) led to and increased access to assets and management. In mid-2019, administrative costs were reported at $944 million, an increase of 8.97 per cent over the same period.
Increases in steam and repairs; administrative costs of 5.9 per cent compared to 6.05 per cent for the same period in the previous year, with a slight increase of 4.69 per cent over the corresponding 4.69 per cent in the third quarterly report, which shows management costs of $1,365 million.
So, there are a number of factors that may affect M & As, and this also affects management costs. But it is difficult to predict whether new M & As will occur in the future. In the near future, the river mainly addresses de-stocking, where the M & As trend is not apparent, and so we maintain the assumption in the pipeline that management costs (excluding depreciation amortization) will remain at the average of nearly three years.
In the area of sales, it has been upgrading its marketing model - from the “1+1” marketing model to flattening the channel; to the “round-up” model, which is centred on core hotels; and to the “4x3” model, which maintains the target group of consumers unchanged and is recommended to core enterprises in the event of high cost of core hotels.
From listing to the present, it works with nearly 10,000 distributors, with over 30,000 ground promoters, and has a larger marketing team in the white and white industry in China, which is why the river can operate several high-end brands simultaneously, and is an important moat compared to other brands. And such a moat will continue to support its future.
In addition, in July 2019, there was feedback from investors: “There is now more input in the channel, but in the long run there will be more emphasis on building the cards.” Note that such feedback is highly consistent with what we described earlier.
In October 2019, in the context of the investor relationship exercise, the river again stated: “The adjustment may have some impact in the short term on the future cost of sales, but in the long run, as the measure of adjustment lands and sales improves, the cost of sales should still be stable.”
At the same time, sales costs vary from one industry to another. Among them, the Guai Goon is higher, and there is still much investment in the marketing and marketing of products and cards.
In summary, taking into account the many high-end white wine brands under the ocean flag, and recent management feedback, we reasonably predict that they will not be consumed less in the channel. So we maintain the assumption that the sales cost rate (depreciated by depreciation) will remain at a high rate of 11.98 per cent for nearly three years.
So, the cost of spending has been predicted. And there's another important thing: how much is it going to cost for assets such as factories, equipment, cellars, land tenure, etc. The white wine industry’s capital spending, and more importantly, the factories, the equipment of wine-making machines, the distillery and the right to land use.
Capital spending began to increase after listing, until it fell in 2015. Large capital spending in that year was to compensate for deficiencies in productive capacity.
From the many white wine companies we've been working on, capital spending is low. The ocean's capital expenditure is about 15% of total assets, compared to a mere 9.54% and 6.11%, respectively -- why is the capital expenditure of the Pawn Five because of the slow pace of technological change in white wine brewing, the process of which has been around the same for a hundred years: raw material selection sifting.
Soaked with water, dry and steamed rice, and sugared and fermented wine, canned with wine, which, depending on the type of wine, is made in a slightly different way, and therefore has a shorter time to excavate, typically a four-to-five-year time period for the sauce table, and another year or so for the other type of white wine. So, white wine.
The production line can also be used for a long time. Moreover, according to the National Development and Reform Commission's Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2011 edition), the white wine production line is a “restrictive category” and has the effect of limiting the expansion of the white wine industry, but in April 2018, the new note “the white wine-outside” was adjusted.
But overall, it's not going to cost much. Back to this case, we predict, based on the ocean management's response to investors' relationship activities, that the river will not expand in the future, so we predict its capital in the short term.
The company’s current capacity of 160,000 tons of original liquor production, and whether there are plans for continued expansion to meet future growth needs, especially in the case of high-end manufacturing companies, which are the largest producers of wine in China’s white industry, is well positioned to meet market demand for a considerable amount of time now and even in the future.
More recently, in the context of investor relations, ocean management responded to capital spending and capacity: “The company’s original wine-planning capacity of 200,000 tons, currently 160,000 tons per year, is sufficient to support the growth demand for high-end products, such as the blue of long-term dreams.
In terms of barrier-building, total capital spending is not too large.” At the same time, there are no new capital expenditure plans in the three-quarterly report.
In the event that we do not make detailed capital expenditure projections, we maintain the same assumption — 1) that when capital expenditure is completed, there are a few important things to be studied — the right of word to go up and down, the receipt of receivables, the payment of advances — and how will it evolve in the future?
In this case, the main aspects affecting operating capital are speech rights and stock turnover. In the White Wine industry chain, there is a stronger voice for making wine. Let's see what is the right of speech in this case, compared to the industry's giants.
So, it's seen a small decline in its pre-receipt ratio over the last three years, mainly because of the quota system, where distributors can't make free money to prepare their goods, but rather according to the marketing plan. But, compared to their counterparts, the ocean's ability to take money from downstream distributors is second only to the poo station, regardless of the five grain fluids.
According to the newspaper, its advance was $1,779 million, an increase of 13.53 per cent over the same period the previous year, and it was clear that the three-quarter advance still did not improve. Compared to the other liquor companies during the same period, it performed at the bottom.
The problem of the decline in pre-harvesting here, which we have carefully analysed earlier, is related to three major issues, namely, tax dividends, low profit margins, and high-end middle-end fragmentation, which have led to limited marketers’ enthusiasm and reduced rates of pre-harvesting. So, in 2019, the ocean river was in a difficult position, and it was difficult to adjust.
In view of the further decline in its advance payments, we update the assumption that -- in the future, the amount received in advance will be the proportion of operating income -- and that, since the publication of the Central Report, the river has been called into question by the media, which, by extrapolating its cash flow to its operating income, found that the amount of operating income of about $2.4 billion could not be explained.
In fact, it's simple, the so-called “false” is a bad idea. Many people ignore the change in the distribution bond in the “other accounts payable” and the media article forgets to consider this part of the accounts payable.
Low-profit channels. In particular, the ultra-high-channel profit rates of the duo, the five grain fluids, naturally lead the distributors to be more enthusiastic about them than the others.
Because of the other accounts payable (guaranties), we have included them in the model under the heading “Other operating current liabilities” and are therefore updated in this report, with a downward adjustment to the assumption that the original assumptions are measured at a three-year historical average of 134.32 per cent. What needs to be added is a sharp drop in cash flows reported in the last three quarters, compared to the same period in the previous year.
Net current was 1.719 billion yuan, an increase of -70.73 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with evaporation exceeding two thirds; in the ring comparison, 20103 cash flow was negative and the pressure on cash flow was relaxed in the third quarter alone. With regard to the sharp drop in cash flow, the river indicated that it was mainly the result of a near increase in pre-receipt dealers and reserve at the end of the previous period.
Largely, cash inflows from the beginning to the end of the reporting period decreased, employee salaries were raised at the end of the previous year, cash payments to and from the end of the reporting year increased and taxes and charges paid to employees increased, cash outflows from the operations were q3 in 2019, and cash flows from the sale of goods and the provision of labour income amounted to RMB 19,104 million, compared to RMB 22,290 million in the same period in the previous year.
In the final analysis, we believe that today ' s sharp decline in cash flows is due to the side effects of excessive price increases in the previous period. In 2018, the river rose prices twice (one spring festival, one July). Dealers hoarded before price increases and then made payments, raising their net cash flows in advance and in business operations.
But note that this price increase, which brought the good financial data at the time, also planted the high stock this year, and that when the stock is high, once the dealer starts to go to the stock, it has a more negative impact - the speed of the spread, when there is no dealer to buy, pay first, collect in advance; and orders are down, sales are down, services are out.
As a result, cash flows and performance have declined dramatically. Prices ranged from $3 per bottle in the blue of the sea to $5 per bottle in the blue of the sky in 2015, to $2 per bottle in the blue of the dream in 2016, to $4 in the blue of the dream in the blue of the sea in 2016:
1) Smoking hotel channels: m3/m6/m9 increased by $15 per bottle, $30 per bottle, $60 per bottle; of this, 52°m9 was once above $2,000, close to the price of poo wine. In addition to this, the price of the Trench Trench Treasures is adjusted (Gonnus 2 per bottle, Congregation 3 per bottle).
So, overall, this year’s weak performance is not a major logical change in the fundamentals, but a legacy of an overexploitation. At the same time, this year’s performance can also be seen as an attempt by its high-end product lines to hit the huts and the five grains.
Here, we have a clearer idea of the negative news of the ocean river: the ocean river is still the one that hits the ocean river, not the middle-end brand that is biased, but the mid-way setback. So, in the white wine industry, there's another big event that will happen in the near future, and what will happen to it in the wake of the transfer of the consumer tax?
On 9 October 2019, its “post-diversion consumption tax collection and steady decline” came to the attention of the market, and the programme proposed that part of the production (import) ring be calculated, subject to regulatory control, in accordance with the requirements of the reform of a sound local tax system, based on Lee's scenarios of “post-diversion consumption tax”: assuming that the final level of sales by a white wine manufacturer does not add value.
The price of the tax is RMB / 500 ml and the terminal price (excluding VAT) is RMB (x+y)/500 ml, of which y is the channel price increase. Under the current industry consumption tax provisions, the tariffs to be paid by the manufacturer are 70% x 20% + RMB 0.5 ml, or 20% + RMB / 500 ml, or the approved price to the tax authority x 20% + RMB / 500 ml.[2]
If the tax chain is moved, assuming that the ad valorem rate remains constant, and the final retail price calculation does not involve internal transfers for the time being, the new elimination tax would be (x+y) x 20 per cent + 0.5/500 ml, and the additional tax would be x x 6 per cent + y × 20 per cent. [2] Considering the white wine split, the price would be divided into three tranches: $100 (low), $500 (medium), $1,000 (high);
The final sales price is 110 dollars (up 10 per cent), 600 dollars (up 20 per cent) and 1,300 dollars (up 30 per cent). The consumption tax increases are borne by each of the three branches of production, distribution and retail sales.[2] After collection increases the consumption tax when the tax rate and the manner in which the tax is levied are constant.
Since distribution and retail prices are bound to be higher than the prices at the plant, tax increases are borne by distributors and retail terminals, which will inevitably result in higher retail end-to-end prices. So, the changes in tax burdens, in terms of the games of participants in the industrial chain, will be divided into the following three categories:
(a) Case 1 - raising the terminal price, where the consumption tax on white wine is entirely borne by the consumer, while the demand for medium- and high-grade white wine is under pressure;
Case 3 – Retail prices remain constant, eliminating distributors, and high-end liquor manufacturers have significantly increased their income. One option is likely to be scenario 1, while the lower- and middle-end white wine is only option 2.
If it's borne by the distributor, the dealer's profits will be further reduced (which would have been less profitable), and the dealer's profits will probably be more likely to be replaced by other types of alcohol. So, probably, the manufacturer would have to pay higher taxes by reducing the price of the offer or discount on the subsidy.
In this case, the middle-end ocean river is likely to have less financial data to look at – as in most white wine businesses – the river has a small amount of receivables and a slightly higher amount of notes receivable. The high bill receivable in 2011 resulted in a significant increase in sales revenue, with bank bonds and distributors settling the goods.
At the time, the industry had a high profile, and the river had increased its market competitiveness by expanding its channels, increasing its brand power, and easing its credit period to distributors. After that, the industry’s adjustment period had not seen a significant increase in its receivables, owing to the control of the river’s passage and the use of red wine.
So, using alternatives to reduce pressure on distributors to sell white wine and to reduce the risk of credit endorsement in low-water periods. Subsequently, industry warms, quotas are applied, and ocean-water receivables are subject to a certain degree of volatility.
Here, we continue to maintain the assumption that receivables represent a three-year average of 1.03 per cent of operating income, and then look at the stock turnover rate, which is very low in the white wine industry because of the long lead time in the wine industry. Thus, their stock is far from fast-moving, and stock accumulation is more widespread.
In mid-2019, it was reported that the river stock was $12,892 million, or 277.37 per cent of operating costs. The stock turnover rate for the first half of the year was lower (more complex than for the parchment process and longer duration of completion).
By 2019q3, the river's inventory stood at $13,301 million, representing 22,254 per cent of operating costs, with a weekly turnover rate of 0.4396, which is higher than reported. However, it remains low compared to its counterparts.
The data show that some improvement has been made in the regulation of going to stock, but the stock pressure is still not fully lifted and will take time to do so, so we maintain the assumption that the ratio of inventory to cost to cost is 210.8 per cent of the three-year average inventory value (the ratio of inventory to inventory under quota and destock regulation will not continue to rise over 2018 and will remain within a reasonable ratio of inventory).
To study here, the important data analysis for modelling is in place, and we go into the core part of this report -- valuation modelling, how do we calculate it? So, before we do the valuation model, we sum up the basics of the case:
1) In terms of the performance of roic (uncut cash), the river remained at around 21.7% in 2018, which is lower than the poo (32.8%), the five grain fluids (22.08%), but is also similar to that of Hsien. If the excess cash is removed, 70% of the river in 2018, followed by the five grain fluids, is still much higher than Hsien, and remains in the whole stock position a.
2) The white wine industry, in the long term, will have two logics - luxury vs. Luxury vs. Luxury goods - which are uncontroversial leaders, while the ocean river in this case is typical of the fast-discharge logic. 3) With regard to the impact of post-consumption tax transfers, it will have little effect on high-end white wine.
So, to the retail end, consumers may not buy and further reduce downstream demand: to the dealer, the channel, the profit margin is further reduced, the dealer may quit and become another high-end wine brand; therefore, this part of the product is still to be borne by the manufacturer. Producers may choose to lower the price of the offer or to hedge it in the form of a discount subsidy.
Thus, it needs to be noted that policies will further accelerate the shuffling of brands and channels in the white and wine industry. (4) The task at hand in this case is to “go to stock” and to provide a discount subsidy to distributors to cover the incremental costs of moving after consumption taxes. Until stock adjustment ends, its development will remain focused on expanding channels and if growth is to take place in the long term.
Mergers and acquisitions are almost the only option. Because middle brands are very competitive, and if they do not include as many middle-end brands as possible through M&As (and if domestic mergers and acquisitions cannot break out, more foreign brands need to be taken into account), then this route is difficult to do, but only on a one-way basis, and the dream of “China's Tiagio” is difficult to achieve.
5) The future of the mooring of the river, mainly as a result of the progress made through nationalization channels. 6) The risk point is that the expansion of out-of-the-provincial channels is blocked and the M & As cannot be implemented, so that, based on all the above analysis, we enter the core part of this report — financial modelling, finance.
The statement of operations is balanced, free cash flow projections, data modelling calculations, and an excel modeling form . . . . . . . . . . . and detailed valuation modelling tables for selected focus companies.
For example, for Yangtze power, for Haekang electricity, for Haikangwe, for example, the model portion of the valuation, as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case, along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues can the company become fully understood and the logic shut down. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not taken into account,
It is clear that there will still be a great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What are the differences between the data zones that have been produced, and whether there are any points for reflection? Are there any differences between the big domestic and foreign companies?
2) Are the valuation ranges derived from the combination of relative valuation methods, absolute valuation methods, logical? Where are the differences? If sensitivity analyses are conducted, how much is the impact of the wacc and acceleration on the valuation? 3) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - the choice of different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a closed link to the logic of valuation modelling? 4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people are likely to be nervous and sleepless -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it is expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the payee who will be in charge of the merger and purchase of the report, so that the M&A team will be required to report to the user, and some of the content will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function. A reasonable price for the good product will be a way to make the world a better place – the cost that everyone will pay will be in our interest.
Adding more investment elites from top universities around the world would also facilitate the M&A team's procurement of deeper industry data from a global perspective, allowing it to continue to refine and provide you with more dryer research. If you are interested in the [valued part] of this case, and more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code to get the case.
The details of valuation modelling, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, reports that were previously unpublicable for a number of reasons, as well as significant risk point tips, will be included.
This paper is based on public corporate attributes and sets up information publicly disclosed to the public in accordance with its laws, does not endorse changes in the future, and does not publish it in the future.
Any changes are irrelevant. We try to be accurate, but we don't guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness. City has a risk, and research needs to be careful. 3) With regard to the theme: Financial modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and not all the cases you need are covered.
The platform is the only export, is not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting and violating the platform.