Long power technology (600584.sh) accelerates the shift from consumption to higher-value-added areas, and the acquisition of disks to enhance storage containment capabilities
On October 11, 2024, the world’s third largest IRC external sealing firm accelerated the shift from consumption to higher value added.
Electronics and technology are the third largest IEC external sealing enterprise in the world, with companies focusing on key applications, leading industry semiconductors in key areas such as communications 5g, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry, such as sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and xdfoi series
In 2023, companies accounted for 14.2% of electronics, 7.9% of electronics in automobiles, 14.2% of electronics, and 7.9% of electronics in automobiles, while the front end of the active frequency was sealed and high-end production capabilities grew in the future.
\triangleright sip covers research and development and applications, actively cooperating with international and domestic clients to complete the development and production of several 5g and wifi radio frequency modules, with product performance and performance highly recognized in the market.
The long-electric microelectronic crystal circle project was put into production, and the post-partum project will further upgrade the company's 2.5d/3d high-density crystal-crystal sealing capacity to better meet the rapidly growing market for high-performance, high-calculation chips.
On March 4, 2024, the Chief Electric Unit issued an announcement to buy 80% of the stock of the semiconductor in cash (September 28, 2024).
Disk semiconductor is a fully-owned subsidiary of Western Data, and Western data is the world's fourth largest Nandflash manufacturer. The acquisition of the disc semiconductor helps to enhance storage containment and layout, Go Woo-yang.
After this transaction, the western data will still hold the remaining 20% of the stock of the semiconductor, and the wd will continue to be the principal or sole customer of the company that will be the subject for some time.
Fu Shen Seong has made it possible to establish closer strategic partnerships with Western data and to increase customer stickyness.
Long-range electricity technology was below the average value of comparable companies for the period 2024-2026, and was covered for the first time with a “buy-a” rating for long-range electricity technology. \triangleright
Long-range technology is the third largest IRC external sealing company in the world, which provides customers with a stop from system integration encapsulation design to technology development, product certification, crystal circle measurements, crystal-class intermediate seal testing, system-level encapsulation testing and chip production testing.
Companies focus on key applications, with advanced containment technologies for industry-led semiconductors, such as sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, and xdfoi series, in the areas of communication 5g, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry. Companies have customers in major areas of the world and market leaders covering semiconductors.
Corporate customers spread across major regions of the world, with overseas incomes exceeding 70%, market leaders covering semiconductor areas, and over 50% of the top five clients in 2020-2023. Historical history: in 1972, the company’s former transistor transistor plant was established; in 2000, it was transformed into Jiangsu’s share in electricity and technology.
The company has eight major production bases in Jiangyang, Chenzhou, Cebu, Shanghai, South Korea, and Singapore. The base includes integrated circuit centres, long power up-to-dates, Star Koo Kimbang, and long electrical microelectronics.
statschippackorea and Long Electric Korea. Shanghai’s base includes long-wire motors (under construction) and chassis semiconductors (under trade).
The gold, the core semiconductor (Shanghai) hold 13.24% and 12.79% shares of the company, respectively. The core semiconductor (Shanghai) is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of China Harbour International. On March 26, 2024, the company issued an announcement that the shareholders of the company had signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with Rock Hong Kong Corporation (Shanghai) and a fund for the integrated circuit industry, respectively; and in August 2024, the company signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with Rock Hong Kong Corporation (Shanghai).
According to the agreement, the Rock Rain Company will hold 403,122,922 shares, or 22.54% of the company’s total stock. The Rock Rains Company’s controlling shareholder is Rock Hong Kong, and the controlling person is China Huayuan Limited.
1.21q23 Performance has been steadily recovering since then, profit margins, the medium-term trend of roe, and the upward trend, driven by advanced encapsulation demand, and corporate performance has improved on a quarterly basis, with 2023q4 revenue and net profit withdrawals stable, with 2024q1 increasing and 2024q2 continuing the upward trend.
Figure 10: 1q22-2q24 Company operating income (single quarter), $1 billion. 2. Consumer electronic demand rebounds, ai drives advanced encapsulations into the fast-growing lanes, 2.1 Global Envelope Markets close to $100 billion, and consumer electronic warming drives industrial recovery.
The integrated circuit covers four main functions: mechanical protection, electrical connection, mechanical connection, and radiation. The integrated circuit industry chain can be divided into three core components: ic design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and encapsulation testing. The integrated circuit covers the chip with specific materials, techniques, fixation, sealing, protection of chip performance, and connecting the chip to the envelope.
External extension of the internal functions of the chip. Once the integrated circuit chip covers is completed, performance tests are required to ensure that the enclosed chip meets the performance requirements. It is generally assumed that the integrated circuit covers mainly four major functions: mechanical protection, electrical connection, mechanical connection and radiation.
Global seal market size is estimated at $82.2 billion a year, and is expected to grow by 9.4 per cent to $89.9 billion in 2024, and by 2026 it will reach $96.1 billion. According to the Institute of Cydology, the external seal market size in 2023 was approximately $28.59 billion.
Communications accounted for 44 per cent, 51 per cent and 50 per cent of income, respectively, and operating revenue accounted for 14 per cent and 18 per cent of consumer electronic demand, respectively, and contributed to the recovery of the semiconductor sector. Canalys data show that 2024q2 global smartphone exports reached 289 million, an increase of 12 per cent over the previous three consecutive quarters. Canalys projects a recovery in stock levels.
Thanks to the easing of import restrictions and improved economic environment, the smartphone market is expected to grow in mid-digit terms in 2024. The pc market is recovering, and according to counterpoint data, 2024q2 global pc exports grew by 3.1% over the same period, reaching 62.5 million.
3% growth. Consumer electronic demand is warming, leading to a recovery in the semiconductor sector. According to sia, 2024q2 global semiconductor 2.2ai drives advanced encapsulation into the fast-growing lanes.
Since the 45nm node in 2008, power generation has been able to double the density of the cpu inner nuclear transistor every three years, and energy efficiency has to double every 3.6 years. Moor ' s law currently faces the following bottlenecks: (1) individual transistor sizes in chips are approaching the atomic limit, and silicon chips will reach physical limits (atoms are about 0.1 nm in diameter, 1 nm).
(ii) leaks of electrical currents that, when the grid's width is less than 5 nm, will produce a tunnel effect, and the electrons will cross the tunnels themselves, causing “0” or “1” errors in logic; (3) power consumption and heat dispersion, where the power of a single area will increase as a result of increased transistor integration, and the temperature will affect transistor performance at too high a temperature; (4) cost, 5 nm
As the silicon chip reaches its physical limits, the cost of increasing the chip performance by narrowing the transistor is increasing. Advanced containment techniques, which are at the core of the core, are integrated.
Key paths and breakthroughs in the development of circuits. Compared to traditional envelopes, advanced envelopes have the advantages of miniaturization, thinning, high density, low power consumption and functional integration, not only to enhance performance, expand functionality, optimize patterns, and reduce costs. The most representative currently available, and have achieved large-scale mass production, are capped with tsmccowos (chip-on-wafer-on-substrate)
mic estimates that in 2024 there will be 1,942,000 global A-server shipments, and that they will go all the way.
Growing to 3.206 million in 2027. The demand for high-calculus chips such as the ai and hpc is growing rapidly, and the advanced encapsulation industry is expected to reach an additional $1 billion. The share of advanced encapsulation in the encapsulation market is expected to rise from 46.6 per cent in 2022 to 54.8 per cent in 2028.
China’s mainland sealers are globally competitive, and long electrotech is among the top three of the world’s external seal markets. At present, external sealers are located mainly in China’s mainland and Taiwan’s Taiwan region.
The share is 37.73%; in mainland China, 25.83% of the total number of companies with electricity and technology, Tung Yui Wei, Hua Tian Tian, and Qian Lu, respectively, is 25,83%; in the third largest city in the world, the city with electricity and technology is 14,09%; in the advanced envelope market, 89% of the total number of top10 manufacturers, and in each case, there is a focus.
The data show that in 2022, the sun, the sun, the rest, and the power fractions of the stations were the top three of the top wrapping markets in terms of 25.0%, 12.4%, 12.3%; the top5 market was 67.9%, the toop10 company was 89%, and the industry was highly concentrated.
22.6% share. idm and faundry are more experienced in the forwards and have faster access to tsv technologies that require forward steps, such as etching, and are more advanced in 2.5d/3d wrapping, blending, etc.; otat is more familiar with the backward links, heterogeneous formations, etc., and therefore has relative advantages in the sip, wlp, etc.
Figure 30: Concentration of advanced wrapping market patterns Figure 31: Disparities between osat and idm, technology layout of crystal-crystal plant 3. Acceleration of capping taps from consumption to high-value-added areas
3.1 The patent, technology sector leads the way, accelerating the shift from consumption to high-value-added areas. R & D maintains high inputs, and patent numbers run the mainland China sealing industry. The cost of long-term electricity and technology R & D remained at the forefront of the industry. In 2023, companies spent $1.44 billion on R & D, exceeding competitors such as Amkor, M & D, and Huatian Technology.
The country and the Republic of Korea have two major R & D centres, with R & D platforms such as the National Engineering Laboratory for High-density Integrated Circuit Encapsulation Technology, the Postdoctoral Research Workstation, and the National Enterprise Technology Centre; and a strong and experienced research and development team for engineering research and development.
The technology is comprehensive. Long-power technology focuses on key applications, with advanced containment technology leading the industry in areas such as 5g communications, high-performance computing, consumption, automobiles, and industry.
In the field of cloud computing, the company has full-scale fcbga product engineering and volume production capability. In the field of advanced high-performance packaging, the company introduced a series of high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration processes for Xdfoichiplet, which is scheduled to be in the stable production phase. In the field of power and energy applications, the company focuses on vertical power modules vcore, in the field of power and energy applications.
The company expanded the third generation of semiconductor power devices and modular capacity, with a focus on vertical power modules vcore, and completed the technological innovation and volume production of the 2.5d vertical vcore module, based on the sip containment technology.
Free cash flows continue to be positive, and companies have developed into a virtuous circle. In 2019-2023, the free cash flow of long-power technologies continued.
3.2 The Sip technology at the front end of the continuous active radio frequency covers can enhance chip integration, reduce volume and reduce power consumption. System-grade (sip) technology is through integrated circuit containment techniques that integrate multiple nudity (die) and non-sourced devices into individual envelopes.
Storage of chips, passive components, connectors, antennas, etc., devices that have different functions, are sealed on the same base plate to complete the bonding and capping. The modules provided after system-level envelopes are completed are still similar to a chip, but multiple chip combinations are achieved. Sip can significantly reduce the area of pcb use and dependence on peripheral devices, reducing the size of the chip, increasing integration, etc.
The company has been working on the development and application of the sip envelope, a high-density isomer integration solution for 5g radio frequency power, with significant advantages such as high-density integration, high-quality quality products, etc. The high-density appliance technology developed by the company for the 5g radio frequency front end module is 15 micrometres (μm) in precision.
A minimum of 008004 envelopes is supported; double-faced packaging technology can reduce the envelope area further by nearly 20% to ~40%; flexible spat screens support staggered and selective block shielding, and empty cavity protection programmes are well supported for bare-die devices, such as filters. The Division actively collaborates with a number of international and domestic clients in the development and production of multiple 5g and wifi radio frequency modules, with product performance and good quality.
The rate is highly recognized by clients and the market, the long power Korea plant (jsck), which is the main high-level sip product wrap test, has a solid income scale, and the high-end manufacturing project for the integration of long-electrified electron-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal microsystems is in place. The high-end integration of long electron-crystal-crystal microsystems is in place. The manufacturing project, which focuses on high-performance containment technology such as high-density crystal-cryste-crystal envelopes, which is the world's leading 2.5d/3d high-density-density-crysity-crypt seal, is aimed at global customers.
A fast-growing market demand for performance, high-calculation chips provides a one-stop service, from encapsulation and co-design to chip production. According to the new area, the project has invested 10 billion yuan, which, when completed, will produce 6 billion high-end, advanced-envelope chips annually. In July 2022, the project began construction.
The integrated high-end manufacturing project (phase I) has recently completed its planned validation, which will be followed by the official completion of the project. The project will be launched and will further enhance the high-end capacity of long-power technology and enhance the competitiveness of companies in the global market.
Intelligentity, network connectivity, and the automobile semiconductor market show a long-term and strong growth trend, with yole predicting that by 2028, the global automobile semiconductor market will be more than US$84.3 billion. As the value of one-car semiconductor continues to grow, semi-conductor enterprises have increased their interest and importance in the automobile chain.
In August 2023, the long-electrified car chip manufacturing seal project was officially launched. The project focuses on car applications such as auto adas sensors, high-performance computing, interconnections, electric power drives, etc., as an important strategic initiative for companies to move forward to expand their electronic high-value-added applications markets to serve their global customers.
In October 2019, the Long Teletech subsidiary, H.S. H. Kim-bon, was involved in the establishment of the Long Shore, with 19% of the stock. In November 2019, H.S. H. H. H. H. planned to invest $12 billion in the construction of a 300-mm integrated circuit, an advanced sealed production line project, with products focused on 5g communications, artificial intelligence, high-performance computers and autopilots.
In the first phase of the project, 8 billion yuan was invested to plan a total area of 230 acres, which, when completed, could result in an advanced 12-inch crystal circle seal containing 480,000 pieces of annual production capacity. The second phase planned a total area of 150 acres, using high-end cover products as the direction for research and development and construction, to create an international, first-class and advanced envelope production line. In January 2022, the first phase of the project was launched; in July 2023, the project produced 3,000 pieces.
Table 3: Introduction to the 300-mm intermediate integrated circuit advanced sealing production line project 4. Acquisition of semiconductors of platinum disks, enhanced storage containment capabilities and layout
On 4 March 2024, Long Electric Technology announced that the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Long Electric Technology Limited, was to buy 80% of the stock of Shaft Semiconductor (Shanghai) Limited in cash, at a price of approximately $624 million. After the conclusion of this transaction, Long Electric Technology held 80% of the shares in the bid, and the seller, Sandisk, was to buy 80% of the shares in the bid.
On 30 September 2024, the company announced that the above-mentioned transactions had been completed on 28 September 2024.
Flash storage modules, sd, microsd, etc.. Products are widely used in mobile communications, industrial and physical networking, automobiles, smart homes, and consumer terminals. Disc semiconductors are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Western Data, and Western data is the leading global storemaker, with 1q24 Western data (wd) having 11.2% share of the netflash market according to cfm flash market data.
The acquisition of the semiconductor will help to increase the share of storage seals and increase the stickyness of the customers involved. Thanks to the huge increase in artificial intelligence demand for the storage of chips, yole expects the global dram market size to rise to $98 billion in 2024, and the Nand revenues to $68 billion. By 2025, the dram market will be $137 billion and the Nand market size will be higher.
After this transaction, the Western data will still hold the remaining 20% shareholding of the Disc semiconductor, and the wd will continue to be the principal or sole customer of the company that will be the subject for some time.
Long power technology is the world’s third largest integrated circuit sealer, with size, patents, and technology at the industry’s first echelon. One has the hope of stimulating the demand for terminals and driving advanced seals into growing fast lanes.
Accommodating the shift from consumer to high-value-added markets. The acquisition of the semiconductor, which raises the company’s rating of “buy-a” long-power technology in storage of seals, is characterized by periodic fluctuations in the integrated circuit industry, and the frequency of the semiconductor sector cycles is much higher than the economic cycle, in the middle of the economy.
The government’s industrial policy for the integrated circuit industry provides a good policy environment for our integrated circuit containment testing firms if
A negative change in national industrial policy will have some impact on the industry. At the same time, the share of corporate products sold abroad is relatively high, and the company’s operations may be adversely affected if the country’s industrial policy, export/import policy or the relevant policies, regulations or rules of the country or region in which the company exports its products are adjusted.
The company, as a semiconductor chip-finished manufacturing and testing enterprise, received a larger share of the company’s earnings from its main business during the reporting period. The uncertain international trading environment has increased in recent years, which has affected the development of some of our industries, and the company may face equipment, equipment, and equipment.
Risks such as shortages of raw materials and loss of customers have led to company production restrictions, reduced orders, increased costs, and adverse effects on the company’s operations and operations. In recent years, the integrated circuit sealing industry has developed rapidly, attracting a large number of businesses.
The risk of increased competition may lead to a decline in the average unit price and profit margins of the industry, resulting in sales to companies and profit margins. The group's overseas subsidiaries operate predominantly in United States dollars as local currency of account, while the group and companies in the country use human currency as local currency of account.
Rapid developments in integrated circuit markets and frequent replacements of electronic products make it necessary for companies to continuously accelerate the pace of technological R & D and the development of new products if their technological R & D capabilities and new products are not able to meet the needs of markets and customers.
The company’s main raw materials include base panels, fuse frames, plating of copper wire, plastic resin, conductive glue, etc. The company’s main business is characterized by a higher share of direct materials, so price fluctuations in raw materials can have a greater impact on the company’s Maori price.
The company’s profitability will be adversely affected by future large fluctuations in the prices of company raw materials, which cannot be adjusted in a timely manner, as a result of changes in market supply and demand and fluctuations in the macroeconomic situation, among other factors. Volatility and its own products lead to a decline in market share, and companies’ failure to reach out to new customers in a timely manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or beliefs in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.