Three quarters of 2025: technology driven with expansion of production capacity, promising the release of profit and cash flow resonance, rising profit quality and improving profit structure. As of the third quarter of 2025, purple light.
The country achieved a gross operating income of $4,904 million, an increase of 15.05 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company amounted to $1,263 million, an increase of 25.04 per cent over the same period, which was significantly higher than the increase in income, indicating an increase in profit elasticity. Performance growth largely benefited from robust demand for core operations such as special integrated circuits.
The company’s Māori sales rate is 56.60%, which is almost equal to 56.81% in the same period last year, and remains at a high Māori level despite a slight decrease of 0.38 percentage points; net sales amount to 949 million yuan (compared to +2.26%) and sustained high-intensity inputs reflect the determination to build technical barriers;
Sales costs of $236 million, a significant increase, or associated with an accelerated pace of market expansion, remain generally low in leverage levels and financially manageable. Interest-bearing liabilities are very small, short-term borrowings are limited to increased liquidity efficiency and lower inventory risk. Contract liabilities and advance payments total $200 million.
It is worth noting that companies are moving ahead in an orderly manner in building productive capacity to generate savings for medium- and long-term growth.  Cash flows match profits well, and free cash flows tend to be positive despite short-term stress.
The Purple National Insignia (002049): Mid 2025: Review: Special Integrated Circuit Operations maintained strong growth, declining mainly due to increased receivables and stock occupancy.
The amount of cash received by workers is $4,046 million, representing 82.50 per cent of operating income, and income is present rather than business deterioration.
Purple Light Micro (002049): 2024 mid-point, with project consolidation and output release, cash flow generation capacity will return significantly, performance sustainability will be assessed: semiconductor markets will recover steadily and performance is expected
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance is in line with market expectations, and we maintain previous projections, with the risk of falling prices and de-stocking some of the products; 3) research and development of new products, technological upgrading, competition in the market, three financial projections for the purple light country.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.