The event: the company published its three-quarter report in 2025, and the company achieved operating income of $4,904 million in the first three quarters, and the UV Micro (stock code: 0020449).
The performance was impressive and the special integrated circuits were re-emerged as a result of an increase in downstream demand for special integrated circuit operations, an increase in product sales, a 15.1 per cent increase in the company ' s revenue of $4,904 million in the first three quarters of the year, and an increase in income from the high-mori integrated circuit operations.
Cost rates have remained stable during the Hu Haoji period: 29.0 per cent for the company period, a 0.9 pc decrease over the same period, of which 4.8 per cent for market expansion and service optimization, yoy+1.3 pct, and revenue growth belts
As a result of the scale effect, the R&D cost rate and the management cost rate were 19.4 per cent and 5.3 per cent, respectively, respectively, as a result of successive orders being carried over to income, while the advance payments were reduced. Production delivery was faster and downstream demand was better.
The 70.7 per cent increase in cash outflows at the procurement end, mainly due to the expansion of business volume and strategic readiness requirements, followed a continuous downward trend during the same period, and we believe that the increase in procurement but the continued decline in inventory or the indication of a faster pace of product production, with better downstream demand.
On the cost side, the annual amortization of the annual cost of the incentive for 25-29 years after its implementation will effectively boost employee motivation and support the company’s future growth.
The company's fpga and system-level chip lead, the user community continues to expand, and a new generation of high-performance products are delivered in bulk. The development of high-end ai+ vision, medium-end mcu, etc. is well under way and will enter the company's future master chip product series.
Since 25 years, the area has been developed from 1 to 10, with a smooth and core user batch application, benefiting in depth from the build-up wave of defense information. The company constructs a complete layout of the security chip plus the control chip, car electrons, esims, and opens a second growth curve. The second generation of the control chip th6 series has been imported into a number of Tier1 and mainframe plants.
One generation + one generation + two chips have delivered millions of dollars a year, and will benefit from the nationalization of car-borne mcu in the future.
A new wave of integrated circuits is taking off _2025.8.19 in the domestic esim industry.
Investment Recommendations: We look at the 25-year recovery in the special sector as a boost to corporate income from integrated circuits, and we promise to present this report with diligence, independence, objectivity, and a clear and accurate reflection of my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager and complete your investment to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and then contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.