Q3 performance increased by the same time.
On October 29, 2023, Ningjian Quarterly Report 2023 was released. 2023q1-q3 companies achieved operating income of 11.11 billion yuan, an increase of 22 per cent over the same period; net return was realized of 4.04 billion yuan, an increase of 30 per cent over the same period. q3 companies achieved operating income of 4.47 billion.
RMB, 35 per cent decline in the same year; net return to the mother, 1.55 billion yuan, 21 per cent increase in the same year. Roadbridge main industry revenues increased on a year-on-year basis and revenue from the construction period fell on a year-on-year basis.
(i) Toll revenue and support services: benefiting from the traffic of the Group ' s operating circuit network 1. " In-depth study of Ning Quan High: significant dividends on position advantage rose, company q3 realized toll revenue of $2.57 billion, an increase of 17 per cent, and company support.
Services operations increased by 52 per cent on a year-on-year basis. (2) Electricity sales: company q3 electricity sales registered a 7 per cent decline on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to weather factors, such as a decline in wind speed. (3) Real estate operations and revenue from construction: company q3 property operations recorded a 65 per cent decrease on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a 65 per cent decrease in the company ' s q3 revenues.
The same scale of delivery for real estate projects has decreased; the same percentage of income from the build-up period has decreased by 33 per cent, mainly because of the same scale of investment by companies in the construction of bridges. q3 Māori rates have improved by the same year and costs have increased slightly. 2023q3 companies have achieved Māori rates
Road traffic has increased significantly, transferring factoring shares. 2023q1-q3, company-wide production projects have increased their traffic by the same amount, company core production has increased their traffic by 46%, company-owned production of high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds, high speeds.
In February 2023, the company’s board of directors decided to increase the insurance policy held by Ningjian Investment Corporation.
During the reporting period, the company received $346 million in equity transfers and completed the business change process.
Analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market