Luxshare (002475 CH)
Acquisition of Pegatron's Kunshan plant to
BUY (Maintain)
further boost iPhone assembly share gain
Target Price
RMB46.96
Based on filings of Pegatron (iPhone OEM) on 28 Dec, Luxshare is expected to
(Previous TP
RMB46.96)
invest RMB 2.1bn for 62.5% stake of Pegatron's iPhone assembly plant in
Up/Downside
36.3%
Kunshan. After the deal close, Luxshare will become the 2nd largest iPhone
Current Price
RMB34.45
assembler with 35%+ share after Foxconn, and Pegatron will target to reallocate
China Technology
resources and regional production capacity. Despite recent macro headwinds
and iPhone's pressure from Huawei's comeback, we believe Luxshare is well-
Alex NG
positioned for further share gain across Apple's iPhone/ Watch/AirPods/Vision
Pro supply chain in FY24/25E. We are positive on Luxshare's synergy with
recent acquisitions, fast-growing auto/comm. business and better operating
Claudia LIU
efficiency in FY24/25E. The stock is trading at 22.2x/17.6x FY23/24E P/E (1-sd
below 5-yr avg. P/E). Maintain BUY with the same TP of RMB46.96 (based on
24x FY24E P/E). Upcoming catalysts include Vision Pro ramp-up and auto tier-
Stock Data
1 progress.
Luxshare to acquire Pegatron's iPhone assembly plant in Kunshan,
boosting iPhone assembly share. Luxshare will invest RMB 2.1bn in the
Kunshan plant for 62.5% stake as capital expansion, and Pegatron's stake
Shareholding Structure
in the facility will drop to 37.5%. After the expansion into iPhone assembly
business since iPhone 14 Series, Luxshare has been gaining shares with
order win of three iPhone 15 models in 2023, including premium 15 Pro.
Foxconn, Pegatron and Luxshare are the three major iPhone assemblers
Share Performance
with share allocation of 60%, 25% and 15%, based on our estimates. After
the deal close, we believe Luxshare will surpass Pegatron to become the
2nd largest iPhone assembler after Foxconn.
Accelerated share gain across Apple product lines and strong outlook
Source: FactSet
in auto/comm segments. Luxshare pre-announced FY23E net income
12-mth Price Performance
growth at 17.5-22.5% YoY in 3Q23 earnings release, implying 31% YoY
growth in 4Q23 (vs 15% in 3Q). We believe stronger earnings in 4Q23 was
a result of Luxshare's share gain in top module/ smartphone OEM biz and
higher share allocation of high-end models, and we are positive on further
iPhone OEM business upside in FY24/25E post Kunshan plant acquisition.
In addition, comm./auto tier-1 business are poised to deliver solid growth
and better margins with order wins and product portfolio expansion.
Source: FactSet
Attractive risk/reward: Reiterate BUY. We are positive on Luxshare's
share gain across Apple product lines and robust auto/comm. outlook, and
market concerns on Huawei's comeback are overdone. The stock is trading
at 22.2x/17.6x FY23/24E P/E, close to 1-SD below 5-year hist. avg. P/E.
Reiterate BUY with the same TP of RMB46.96 (24x FY24E P/E).
Earnings Summary
Valuation
Reiterate BUY with TP of RMB 46.96.
We maintain our 12m TP of RMB 46.96, which is based on the same 24x FY24E P/E. We
believe this is justified as Luxshare continues to deliver resilient earnings growth, market
years.
Upcoming catalysts include share gain in Apple products, Vision Pro ramp-up and auto tier-
1 progress. Major risks include weaker iPhone/AirPods demand, weaker yield improvement
and slower integration of acquired businesses.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.