Engineering operations are still on track and new materials projects are steadily moving forward: for engineering contractors, past project experience is one of the key indicators in the evaluation process for newly signed projects, with a wealth of project implementation operations (about $11 billion received in 2020 and sustained)
And a large number of new entries and orders in hand guarantee firm growth in corporate operations, and positive feedback on revenue collection and new signings.  A steady push for three new material projects has led to a long-term growth: companies insist on innovation in science and technology and priority projects.
The company is steadily moving forward with three new material projects leading to the long term. (1) The new nylon material project: the project was built in the Chilu Chemical Industrial Park in the Khyabo District, with a total investment.
The project is expected to break through the core of the chain's “crack neck” and it is worth noting that the project was completed after delivery.
In recent times, the market has been concerned about the number of projects under construction and proposed construction in the country, and the future competition has increased. We believe that the first-to-do champions will take the lead, while Chinese chemistry has the cost advantage of raw butadiene, acetylene, hydrogen gas. (2) Silicon-based aerosols.
Composite Materials Project: According to the CEP report, the construction unit of the project was China-China Chemical Land New Materials 1, China-China Chemical (601117): Collection and Restricted Company, located in Chongqing Longevity Economic Development Zone, with a total investment of 900 million yuan in production
The order data continues to improve, with three new silicon-based gel composites of 50,000 m3/year, by-product methanol of 4,000 tonnes/year, measured after average annual taxes.
Project: According to the CEP report, the project construction unit is a project to produce 10,000 tonnes/year pbat by-product of Tetrahydrofurans.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: maintain pre-profit predictions, we expect companies to take the lead in academic engineering in 2021-2023, have strong R & D and engineering capabilities, are building multiple new materials projects that lead to long, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Inc. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.