Investment rating: Purchase (maintain) In recent years, China has established strategic partnerships between chemical and large chemical companies.
The firm’s performance has increased significantly in terms of orders, receipts, and firm performance. The firm’s price contrasts with the 300-percent trend and strategic cooperation highlights the firm’s strength, carbon neutrality, and long-term growth.
China Chemical is a top-class engineering company that has built 90% of our chemical projects, 70% of our petrochemical projects, and 30% of our refined oil projects. In recent years, China's chemistry, thanks to its strong technological research and development capabilities, has been making great efforts to build new chemical materials and extend them to higher value-added industries.
2. The nylon 's 66th east wind has come, and China's chemistry has taken over.
On January 22, 2021, the company issued an announcement to transfer 30 per cent of the shares of China Land, a fully-owned subsidiary, to chemical industry leaders in the form of a mixed ownership reform, and 19 per cent of the shares of China Land, a platform of workers in West Anhua.
In addition, in February 2019, the Chinese government announced that the Chinese company, Hua Li, and Manchurian Chemical, had been working together in all areas of technology development, engineering magnification, technology package preparation, engineering design and project construction management, to industrialize technology, including technology in the product series of md1, td1, hdi, h12mdi, and ipti.
In October 2020, Wanhua Chemical also signed a strategic cooperation agreement with China for the integration of Chinese chemistry.
Both sides have an advantage in terms of resources and expanding the scope for cooperation and cooperation. The Chinese mix is a further extension of China’s chemical and industrial cooperation, and the two sides have made a better start in terms of deeper, higher-level and broader cooperation in technological innovation and engineering, market-based business mechanisms, etc.
In the future, companies can industrialize technology by working with other companies to generate a high yield from the products of new high-value-added chemicals.
On August 10, 2021, the coal-chemical giant Bo Fong Energy announced its intention to participate in China’s chemical expansion and to strengthen strategic cooperation between the two sides. Po Fong Energy has long-term business contacts with China’s chemistry.
The China Institute of Chemical Carbon Central and Science and Technology will be established in Xianchen, and will actively deploy new technologies, new processes, and new equipment for the “double carbon” objective.
The company has a long history of technology under the strategic objective of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and carbon sequestration.
Figure 6 China's chemical mastery of efficient carbon sequestration technology will enable companies, on the one hand, to develop new chemicals products with their own innovations; on the other hand, in the context of "double carbon", companies, as first-class engineering companies, can develop carbon.
Emission reduction technologies are applied to other enterprises to help them achieve “carbon neutrality.” In general, the firm heads are firmly attached to the fact that they are not able to deliver as expected, that chemical projects are under-qualified, that enterprises are safe to produce, etc. More than 600 times have been cited, and five national inventions have been patented: B.A. Chemical Engineering, University of Tianjin: two years of strategic planning experience in China, and five years of research experience in chemical sellers;
Contact person: Wang Peng, Master of Chemistry, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, University of Tianjin, four years of experience in energy chemical engineering, many years of experience in project investment assessment and market research, use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, and without any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.