The foundation of the construction business is solid, and the new materials project is the 20th of September, 2021.
▪ The foundation of the construction business is solid, and the returns are achievable: in August 2021, the company became operational in August 2021 in the fields of engineering, petrochemicals, new materials, new energy sources, electricity, environmental protection, infrastructure, etc., providing a profit base for the public. The current market is concerned about energy consumption and the shrinking of orders in the engineering market, but we do.
It is believed that the decline in traditional orders will be offset by the phasing out of production capacity, the upgrading of the transition, and the development of new areas of business. The entity and new materials projects will be the targets, and the space for growth will be large: due to the limited speed of growth in engineering and construction operations, it will be effective to expand the production and marketing of new high-value-added materials products using its own technology.
At the same time, the priority items accelerate progress, poo, nylon 12, carbon black recycling, environmental catalysts, etc.
The pilot project has achieved the desired results. The company is now steadily moving forward with three major new materials projects that have led to long projects. (1) The nylon new materials project: the project is located in the Chiru Chemical Industry Park in the Zhebo Pingdu district, with a total investment of 1,045 million yuan, and we expect to start production in 2022.
The project is expected to break through the chain, and the industry and the new materials project will be priced.
The core of the "cricket" is to be expected. We measure that the project will be completed after delivery, with an operating income of up to $10 billion. And the company has a cost advantage for raw butadiene, acrylic and hydrogen gas. (2) Silicon-based aerosol composites project: this project is located in the Chongqing Longevity Economics Development Area, phase one.
Business is still good, new material projects are steady ton/year. We believe that market awareness of the future high-end applications of corporate aerosols and space for development is still at an early stage, with real scope for development. (3) 100,000 tonnes/year pbat
3. China Chemistry (601117): Collection and purchase order data continue to improve, with three new tons of degradable plastics per year distributed with 10,000 tonnes/year by-product of tetrahydrofurans.
Material project contribution 2021-07-17  Profit forecast and investment rating: We maintain forward profit forecast, net profit return for 2021-2023 at $4,493 million, $5,864 million and $7,066 million, respectively, pers (upper spread)
Considering the company's leading role in chemical engineering, its strong research and development and engineering capabilities, its many new material projects are expected, and the market is not yet fully aware of them, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.