The Postal Bank has a clear retail banking position, based on a grass-roots network, focused on the services of the Three Farmers, urban and rural residents, and micro-enterprises. Its transformation is essentially to bypass cities.
High net-value clients compete for white heat, exploiting the potential value of urban and rural residents and micro-enterprises in a visual way. This mineral is produced by the needs and vitals of countless grass-roots individuals. The strategy of the deposit banks is to dig for gold. From the four angles below, we analyze the post.
The retail path of the banks is optimistic. • Debt-side advantages and conservative loan allocation provide a security margin for transition.
The ratio of personal demand deposits to deposits is higher and the cost of the liability is lower, so that the asset allocation is less pressured than the trend of 300 deep corporate prices and asset quality is superior. This starting point provides for greater adjustment and optimization of assets at the end of the asset.
• Retailing from the grass-roots level 80 per cent of the network of the Postal Bank is located at the county level and below, and a large number of proxy sites can reach the administration village.
At the grass-roots level, the tentacles can effectively boost the operations of the Three Farmers and Micro-enterprises beyond the storage.
Credit card loans are growing at a very high rate. . ..infused with fresh blood to protect the retail business. First, deep synergy between the Postal Bank and the major shareholders' postal group.
A vast logistics network, with its natural advantages of finance, logistics, information, and commerce. On the basis of these advantages, the Postal Bank can embed products and services into the entire postal network and dig deep for value.
Finally, the introduction of the former retail recruiter Liu Jianjun, who was recruited for more than 20 years, is expected to boost corporate governance. Culture is often questioned in banking transitions, but culture is partly the result of mechanisms and management, and sustained incentives will gradually shape new writings.
This new president, who has witnessed the crowning of the King of Retail, will create a bank without borders for the development of retail business, and improve client experience and risk control are two basic applications of financial technology.
It is a change of mindset that has crossed traditional boundaries, and the Postal Bank has sought to collaborate with a number of platforms, including Ali and Tetsu, to attract customers, finance, and other financial services. Moreover, the share of financial science and technology in revenue collection is at a higher level in the industry.
We have a strong view of the retail prospects of the Postbank, and the arrival of the new president will greatly improve to the point where the starter, Huaanresearch, will make a big leap forward in reform.
In 2011, the Postal Bank established a three-step reform course for “share change, battle, listing” after which it completed the restructuring of the stock system in 2012, introduced 10 strategic investors in 2015, listed Hong Kong shares in 2016 and listed in 2019a.
At the same time, macroeconomic growth was high, credit was expanding, interest rates were not yet marketed, interest-rate differentials remained high, and the banking sector was on the rise.
A major shift has taken place: credit as a whole has gone down: interest rate marketization has deepened the compressed net spread: the industry has started a retail transition and developed financial technology – only if the transition is not lost. From equity changes to the introduction of strategic investors, to the introduction of the market, to the radical reforms, the Postal Bank has been reformed.
The camp conditions show the following time-series characteristics: \triangleright loan growth: since 2013, the Bank of the United States has clearly outpaced other State-owned businesses and the general society.
\triangleright collection structure: the share of non-interest income has increased since 2016. \triangleright
In a horizontal comparison, in terms of averages for the period 2016-2020, the following are the lowest in the State sector: Roa (0.57%) and rorwa (1.19%), with the highest interest multiplier (20.07) and the fourth highest in the world (11.85%). A simple comparison of the Dupont disassembly panel data shows that:
Net interest income and net income from investments remain too low as a proportion of higher fees and commissions. \triangleright \triangleright
Business and management fees are over-represented, assets are of excellent quality and credit impairments are well prepared to account for revenue collection. \triangleright
Vertically, the PBS has changed since 2012, and the returns measured in roa and rorwa have increased before the outbreak. Horizontally, the PBS has a relatively low non-interest and high overhead ratio. But, the advantages of indebtedness and asset quality provide a safe edge to change and a firm foundation for deep-drawing.
The Bank has a clear retail banking strategy, based on a grass-roots network, with a focus on “three farmers”, urban and rural residents, and small and medium-sized enterprises, and consistent. From the four dimensions below, we analyze zero for the Bank.
First, the advantage of the end of the liability provides a safe margin for asset-end adjustments, and the supposed conservative loan placement allows assets to be set aside for a smaller proportion of revenue of quality and has greater scope to operate when capital is optimized. Second, (1) the “own-account-and-agent” model can pave the way to the grass-roots level, serving the three farmers and micro-enterprises.
The key strategy behind this positioning of industry is (2) that large grass-roots user groups, micro-enterprises, provide fertile ground for retail lending, financial services, and savings deposit operations. When competition from high-net customers in cities is already hot, there is a huge potential for dynamic grass-roots users to tap into the mineral network at the grass-roots level.
Third, (1) work in depth with the major shareholder group, seeking opportunities in a wide range of contexts, embedding the services of the depositary bank: (2) building on the successful experiences of strategic investors at key points in business development: (3) retailing of commercial banks and businesses has brought Liu Jianjun troops into the main mail reserve to protect the road to transformation.
Finally, (1) seeks to work closely with the Open Platform: (2) maintain greater investment in financial science and technology. 2.1 Debt-side advantages provide security margins.
The balance of deposits is the highest in the industry as a proportion of the balance of interest-bearing liabilities, at 93.2%; the balance of personal demand deposits is 26.6% of the balance of deposits, which is only 30% lower than that of agricultural banks. The cost ratio is 1.59%, and the construction bank is the fourth largest in the industry.
Deposit advantages reduce the overall cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Of interest-bearing liabilities, deposit rates are lowest: personal demand deposit costs are lowest among deposits. The ratio of deposits and personal demand deposits at the Postal Bank is the lowest in the overall cost-rate industry at the end of its liability.
At the lowest, a net interest margin of 2.42 per cent is achieved at a rate of return of 3.97 per cent of assets. A liability end advantage provides a safe margin for asset end allocation. In general, in order to pursue a specific level of net interest differentials, higher cost of liability would require a higher rate of return, placing greater pressure on asset allocation and risk exposure.
Large. While net interest income increases, the cost side requires more credit risk preparation to hedge the expanded letter, maintaining asset quality stability with risk exposures, and increasing credit risk provision as a share of revenue, delaying net profits and roe.
For the Postal Bank, the lower cost of the end of the liability provides sufficient security margins for the asset end configuration, with a provisioning ratio of 22.95 per cent, the lowest in the industry.
At the grass-roots level, there is a clear and locally appropriate retail strategy at the Postbank. The model of the Post Bank's self-employed agents leads the channel to the grass-roots level.
(1) The channel sinkes: the point of contact reaches the grass-roots level, depending on the proxy point (a) the number of PBN points is the highest in the country and is concentrated at the county level and below. By the end of 2020, the PBN points stood at 39361, the first in the State-owned banks. Of these, the district points were around 22%, and the county level.
At the same time, 80% of the self-help equipment and the intm (b) network are proxy points, which usually reach the administrative village like a fine vein, and are the key underpinnings of the retail strategy at the grass-roots level of the Postal Bank. The proxy network is managed and operated by the postal group.
Under the guidance of the Framework Agreement on Banking Administration, proxy points provide deposit-absorbing deposits, settlement services, proxy financial services and others in the name of the Postal Bank, for which the Bank pays agent fees (the largest number of such points is accounted for in operations and management).
Figure 12 Postal Bank channels sink, with 70% of points at the county level and below (c) proxy sites contributing more than 60% of the Bank ' s deposits. The average deposit balance as a result of the agent ' s contribution was between 64.84% and 67% of the total deposit balance between 2018 and 2020.
, at a fixed slotting rate for different deposit periods. Specifically, the formula “fixed rate, slotting fee” is as follows: m point agent = \sum\left (points \frac{dea+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a+a
The deposit rate is distributed between 0.2 and 2.3 per cent, and the shorter the deposit period, the higher the rate. In the savings agent fee structure, the combined current and one-year deposit fees are around 90 per cent, with corresponding rates of 2.3 per cent and 1.08 per cent, respectively. If the savings agent fee is added to the interest expenditure on the average balance of deposits, the actual deposit cost will increase by about 0.9 per cent.
In 2020, for example, the interest rate on deposits that were not charged back was 1.59 per cent, and the actual cost of deposits that were added back (d) the postal bank paid the group fees for intermediate operations. In 2020, the settlement fees were $8.17 billion and the surrogate charges were $5.531 billion, respectively, or 12.18 per cent and 0.87 per cent respectively.
Real deposit rates after adding savings agent fees to interest expenditures
The customer structure continues to be optimized, with mobile bank customers, vip customers, and wealth clients growing at a higher rate. Like other retail banks, the PSB has also implemented a customer tiered strategy, with more than 500,000 clients as wealth customers and 100,000 as vip clients. At the end of 2020, there were 622 million individual customers, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period.
However, mobile bank clients, vip clients and wealth customers reached 299 million, 36.42 million and 2.87 million, respectively, with 15, 18 and 16 per cent, respectively, which is significantly higher than the overall increase in individual users, both because of the upgrading of online channels and because of the improved quality of clients.
At the end of 2020, personal banking revenues of $8.8 billion, which was higher than the cost of the epidemic, were growing at a very high rate. We estimate that individual loans, with the exception of housing loans, (3) Deep Farms: Agriculture-related loans and micro-credits are growing at a very high rate.
In the retail strategic orientation of the Postal Bank, the “Three Farmers” are one of the clear lines of action, forming the “Three Farmers” Financial Center at the headline level. By the end of 2020, the Bank had reached $1.41 trillion in agricultural-related loans, an increase of $149,676 million compared to the previous year, an increase of 11.9 per cent.
In addition, Liu Jianjun, former Vice-President for retail operations, has recently joined the Main Postal Bank to protect the retail route.
(i) Strategic synergies with the Postal Group. The Postal Group holds 65.35 per cent of the shareholders, of which 65.34 per cent are directly held and 0.01 per cent are indirectly held through Chinese postal securities. The Postal Group has an extensive logistics network with funds, logistics, etc.
Based on these advantages, the Postal Bank can provide basic monetary services to a large population. Specific synergies: Information: working with courier logistics, postal co-opting cards to attract customers.
\triangleright Logistics: Co-operation with postal couriers to start e-mail lending operations to service cross-border electrician customers.
In addition, the country’s rural market is heavily ploughed, and there is a situation in which products such as the “Pals” network, the “Postmaster” and the “Currenter” provide credit withdrawals, card openings, and small-scale lending services at the rural market’s supermarkets.
The essence of the cooperation with the Postal Group is that the former has a broad scope of operations that provides an interface to the financing and financial operations of the Postal Bank, which injects the business into the Group’s vast network of links to obtain value.
We're working with courier logistics, postal services, special joint cards, rural power providers.
In addition, there are a lot of questions and questions about how to work with postal couriers, Chinese postal capital, Chinese postal capital, etc.
China Postal Administration, China Postal Securities, China Post and Telecommunications, China philatelic, ems, China Postal Aviation
It's based on the Postal Network and the China Post Insurance, the Chinese Postal Securities, etc.
Co-operation. The U.S. Postal Group already has products in rural village post sites to manage the money.
(b) The accumulation of services such as accounting, microcredit, surcharges, etc., and the deep-deeping of the rural market. (2) Introduction of strategic investor-management capacity.
The introduction of strategic investors is the normal operation of state-owned reforms. For such transformations, which require integrated design, firm execution, and a whole-of-the-board adjustment, the best way to learn from successful experiences is to reduce the cost of test error by cutting the curves.
Ten strategic investors in telecommunications, ants, tethers, network transitions, risk management, wealth management, micro-finance, financial technology, etc., all worked with different strategic investors.
On 31 May 2021, the Postal Bank announced that Liu Jianjun would serve as Chairman of the Post Bank. Liu Jian Jun has served as Vice-President of the Zhenan branch of the Commercial Bank, General Manager of the Retail Banking Department of the Main Bank, General Manager of the Retail Integrated Management Department, General Director of Operations and Managing Director of the Retail Finance Headquarters, Managing Director of the Credit Card Centre, Executive Director of the Bank of Merchant Banks,
The post of Vice-President, Secretary of the Board of Directors, etc., has served in a merchant bank for more than 20 years, and is a close relative of the competitor's bank, the “Governor of Retail”. His arrival will greatly enhance the chances of success of the retail route of the Postal Bank.
This also determines the banking industry’s financial science and technology development and data centres. In this complex system, financial science and technology is applied in the form of specific operations, with the transformationary core being a conceptual shift, and the underlying force being the continuity of inputs.
(i) Services diversification and risk management The provision of services to clients and risk control are common forms of banking embedding financial science and technology into business. The focus of services diversification is to expand the business boundaries of the network by shifting some or all of the operations to the line
With the help of e-mail apps, mobile banks, and micro-credit banks, either "underline approval + loan return" or "online approval + web-based loans" are achieved. The core of this is to get customers to come and deliver services. Risk management is another aspect of financial science and technology applications.
The identification and management of post-lending risk controls the poor rate to a lower level. Given that micro-credit and retail loans are the direction in which the banks are plowing, large data models are used in wind control to circumvent the past.
(2) The shift in the concept of business is a top priority. In a sense, the development of financial science and technology is a necessary requirement for the transformation of retailing, and the path to retailing is to gain customer trust and enhance customer stickyness (from product relationships) through the continuous supply of high-quality financial products.
The development of retail loans, deposits, wealth management, private banking, among them, the upgrading of service experiences is often facilitated by financial science and technology. For a state-owned business dedicated to retailing and financial science and technology transformation, it is important to nurture the idea of technology as a customer and actively seek cooperation from outside to expand the silver market.
Case one: Poster + ant jacket. From the perspective of the Poster Bank, cooperation with the ants suit is mainly based on the latter's superflow to increase the value of the bank's funds, mainly by two means; first, embedding the reserve bank's electrical subbank into the payment treasure and using the payment bond interface to make the e-bank pay. Second, lending to the Chinese post.
By 2019, more than 22 million clients had received letters amounting to $260 billion, with a rate of return of $40 billion.
Case two: Postal Bank + Chirre. By working with Chirí and the Postal Group, the Postal Bank, by combining advantages, embedds loans in car sales and channel and take-off through Internet platforms, advertising media, cable exit exhibitions, and postal points.
Whether it's a payment treasure or a Chiri car, it's basically an addition to the scene. But, by constantly gaining a diversity of scenes, the Postbank will move from being dependent on a few products to a client's life. On the demand side, it is the customer's trust in a single product to a PBS brand trust that will become a partnership.
The other key to the success of the transition is sustained investment and a firm strategy that does not drift. By the end of 2020, the Reserve Bank invested 9,027 million dollars in the development of information technology, an increase of 10.35 per cent, or 3.15 per cent, over the same period.
This is a leading industry in terms of the proportion of inputs, which is 0.19 percentage points higher than in 2019 (up from three consecutive years).
Interest-bearing assets of the Postal Bank have a wider management space than interest-bearing liabilities. (2) Interest-bearing assets, although their share has increased significantly since 2012-2016, have remained stable since 2016, at 51.65% at the end of 2020.
The three indicators: loan deposit ratio, rwa/total assets, loan balance/interest-bearing assets indicate that after 2015 and beyond, retail lending grew at a significantly faster rate than public loans: for public loans, construction (4.73 per cent), wholesale and retail operations (5.94 per cent), real estate (4.73 per cent),
The share of rental and business services (5.57%) has increased since 2016, and the share of the rest has fallen accordingly. Housing and credit card loans have been growing at a high rate in retail loans.
The share of loans in total loans was 56.92 per cent, 33.61 per cent and 2.53 per cent, respectively, compared to 51.3 per cent at the end of 2020, which is lower than that of all large and medium-sized banks.
Compared to 33.61 per cent, which is only 34.82 per cent below the rate of return for construction banks. The PBS loan returns 4.75 per cent, which is located in the State-owned bank, reflect a sound strategic adjustment approach, maintain a dynamic balance of risk returns, increase the ratio of loans to active ventures, and, on the one hand, move steadily towards less risky housing loans.
Looking ahead, the centralization of real estate loans has set up 40% of the ceiling for large banks, with 33.61% of the housing loan available at the Postal Bank, which has limited scope for further upgrading. Therefore, retail operations other than credit cards, consumer loans, personal loans, etc. are also policy-driven.
Since 2014, personal deposits have been growing steadily, with individual term deposits increasing significantly faster than personal demand deposits.
By the end of 2020, the proportion of individual fixed-term, personal-term, company-term and company-term total deposits was compared horizontally, with the ratio of individual fixed-term deposits (59.9 per cent) and personal-term deposits (27.9 per cent) at the Postal Bank, which was second in the industry, with the former being only lower than that of the Non-Facil Chamber (60.3 per cent) and the latter just lower than that of the Agricultural Bank (30.0 per cent).
The structure of these loans and deposits has evolved so clearly as to capture the volatility of net interest differentials. Between 2015 and 2019, the ratio of loans to interest-bearing capital was stable, and the ratio of loans to intra-credit retail loans was increasing, driving interest-producing assets to collect.
Of the interest-bearing liabilities, the ratio of deposits is high, and the rate of cost increases slowly put pressure on the cost of the liabilities. In 2020, policies dominated the suppression of asset end-of-end rates of return, partner liabilities slowed down a small increase in the cost of deposits, and 3.2 scenes of growth contributed to the growth of middle income.
In 2020, fees and commissions amounted to $32,746 million, an increase of 10.95 per cent. Bank cards and pos fees earned $11,516 million, a decrease of 5.68 per cent, mainly due to the crowding up of cross-line and pos operations by electronic channels. The settlement and settlement fees earned $8,281 million, an increase of 10.08 per cent, mainly due to companies.
To promote the transition from a web site to a site, while optimizing client experience, and to boost income from the business. The surrogate transaction fee income is $7.108 billion, a significant increase of 56.01% over the same period, mainly due to the rapid growth of the integration and down-to-line marketing model, proxy insurance, funds, etc.
Taken together, electronic channels and extended access significantly affect fees and commission revenues. Electronic payment channels rise to crowd out traditional bank card charges, but the combination and expansion of the offline and offline scenes results in settlements, and 3.3 assets are of sound quality.
The quality of the bank’s assets is characterized by two characteristics: first, the pressure on the poor rate by increasing loan allocation; and, second, horizontal comparison of asset quality remains industry’s lead. As interest-bearing assets increase their lending share, the quality of assets inevitably faces systemic pressures.
Since then, there has been a slight increase in the poor rate, which rose to 0.88 per cent by the end of 2020. However, the ratio of loans of concern has fallen to 0.54 per cent, while the ratio of loans of non-performing + concern has fallen to 1.42 per cent, indicating that the Bank has accelerated the recognition of non-performing loans.
As the share of other retail loans rises, the asset quality is still much better than that of other large and medium-sized banks.
The lowest among large and medium-sized banks has been maintained. The provision coverage has continued to increase over the same period and is much higher than that of other State-owned banks, and there has been a lower rate of capital adequacy in large and medium-sized banks.
The capital adequacy rate of the PPB has continued to rise since 2013, but the horizontal comparison is still lower than that of other state-owned firms, mainly because it has not yet used a high-level method to measure venture capital. The 2020 annual report shows that the work on high-level measurement is moving forward in an integrated manner and that capital adequacy is expected to increase significantly after landing.
Figure 47: Portfolio assets of sound quality, sufficient provision Figure 48: Portfolio capital adequacy rate Retail loans are increasing at a slower rate than expected.
\triangleright 2021q1, with total loans/corporate loans/individual loans increasing at the same rate, respectively
In 2021, q1, the agent network was stable and contributed more than 60 per cent of the total deposits, so our ratio of retail loans, excluding mortgages, would increase the rate of return, assuming that the average interest rate on individual loans would be 0.1 to 5.6 per cent higher.
On the basis of the above profit analysis, the residual earnings model and the ddm model were used separately for valuation purposes, with reasonable valuation of the residual gains model based on the principle of book value pricing, with the advantage that the valuation results present a greater value of certainty at this stage and a smaller value of sustainability, thus limiting the deviations resulting from the parameter set-up in the sustainable value estimate, and inflating it.
The ddm model is based on the principle of surplus pricing, which is essentially linked to profit from the perspective of small shareholders. However, the ddm valuation results are overvalued and the valuation results are too sensitive to the parameters, to the detriment of their reference value.
In bank operations, profits can be smoothed by making a provision for withdrawals, and non-performing loans can be fine-tuned by adjusting the criteria for determining a level 5 classification. From the perspective of shareholder returns, book value pricing requires higher risk compensation, so that we set the equity return on the residual earnings model at 12% above 10% of the ddm model.
Analysis of the results of the valuation of the residual benefit model in figure 49 includes other business income.The present report is presented independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.