The advantage of a high-quality Internet video platform is that it will either be re-energized or re-energized.
Achieving income of $5,504 million, an increase of 10.4 per cent from the same year, achieving a net return to the mother of $804 million, an increase of 40.3 per cent from the same year, close to the ceiling of the same rate of increase in performance forecast. Internet video business achieving a double increase in advertising + member income, relying on a robust content-making platform
In the first half of 2019, the happy sunshine generated $3.974 billion, and advertising and membership increased 61% and 136% respectively. In advertising, Mango tv performances during the reporting period.
At the end of June, the number of paid members reached 15.1 million, an increase of 150 per cent over the same year. As the only video website platform in the industry with iptv and tt-sum plates, the advantages of the license plates are also prominent. Business operations generated revenues of $565 million, an increase of 41.1 per cent, and covered 31 provincial units throughout the country.
2. Mangotv is gaining momentum and continues to be viewed as having 91 — Mango — cooperative provincial operators covering 147 million users; the transition from traditional television shopping to a media electrician is likely to start with a red belt model.
3. Mangotv High Growth, both for advertising members, New Media Interactive Entertainment Production and Media Retailing has been influenced more by changes in the industry, with revenues of 1,574 million yuan and 738 million yuan, respectively, respectively.
On 24 August 2019, under the Mangotv project, the company announced that Mangotv would open more than 70 home-made arts, including the S-class polytechnic "Daughter's Love 2", and the wife.
5. "Video Business Rapids, Watching the Future Space - Three Quarterly Review of Mango SuperMemories 2018 " , " Romantic Travel 3 " , " Star Big Detective 5 " , etc., and more than 40 film and video drama cores, for use
To incubate the mango system kol, it will work with platforms such as Bounty Lives, Wiggy, Fast Hand, Mushroom Street, etc., and it is expected that media retailing will improve significantly in the future. Mangotv traffic continues to grow, and payment penetration rates increase further. According to the mobile end flow we monitor.
In January-July 2019, Mango tvmau rose in volatility. In the first half of 2019, the average value of Dau was 47.36 million, an increase of 11.7 million over the same period last year. Multi-multicultural hot spots, especially home-made monolithic webs, played a significant role.
There are 15 rooms. Strong content self-control capabilities are likely to contribute continuously to follow-up advertising and member income. User sizes are steadily increasing, pay penetration rates are increasing further 2019 and 2020.
Differences in data accuracy. Mau and dau, as well as data related to user drawings, are obtained through their own technical monitoring and seek to reflect business performance objectively and accurately, not excluding minor discrepancies with official data owing to differences in statistical methods and calibres.
• Policy oversight risks. The regulatory role of the General Directorate of Broad and Power for SMART could lead to the risk that the content of the company’s video site will not be broadcast or dropped.
▪ Associated sales as a share of revenue in the company’s association transactions in 2018 were 23.09%. Hunan Watch’s support for the company could affect profitability if not expected.  Inventory impairment and the risk of bad accounts receivable.
If so, the company’s business performance may be affected, resulting in a certain risk of stock impairment and bad accounts receivable.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment