Mongo Super-Mongo (300413.sz) (300413.sz/ buy): The fundamentals are strong, and concern is that the stock restrictions will be lifted.
The only pay-as-you-go-video company in the a share, which is the only pay-as-you-go-video company in China, and the only pay-as-you-can-as-a share, is the happy sunshine of the company's main pay-as-you-go-video subsidiary, 83% of which was committed to profits in 2019.
One major shareholder and actual control is Radio and Television Hunan, with Mango as its high-quality content export platform.  China’s pay-for-video industry has a very promising future and decides that the pay-for-video market capacity will consist mainly of two variables, the rate of payment and the arpu value, which China currently pays.
The platform with the highest rates is the iq.n, with a fee of 15 per cent and an arpu value of 123 yuan/share value relative to market performance (nflx.n for nearly 12 months), while the mature market, represented by the United States, has a fee of 46 per cent, arpu
At a value of US$ 186/year (approximately RMB 1,280/year), even at such a high base, about 30 per cent of the profits of the Chinese paid video industry will come to benefit policy regulation, and the cost of buying content from channels represented by online videos will decline and be seen online.
The business model of frequency is to obtain big content with a huge investment in the front, for example, the Aichi culture, which lost $9.1 billion in 2018, while the estimated expenditure on its content in 2019 was approximately $28 billion, saving a small step in the cost of its content, which was a big step for profit.
1.5 times. From Peg's point of view, not only is it less than 2.0 per 10,000 films (002739.sz), but it is also lower than the price that the market has given to its share leaders in Guizhou (600519.sh), which has a millennia of history, and we still think that its valuation is clearly attractive.
Beneficiary; (2) China’s pay-for-video profits are about to turn; and (3) an attractive valuation. Content risk, regulatory risk.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.