Mango super-media (300413) Media connection moving in marriage, maintaining high growth performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: corporate announcements for the first half of 2019 are expected to achieve net return profits in the first half of 2019, and Mango supermovement announcements offer 1.6 billion yuan shares as the second largest shareholder in the public domain, with 4.4 per cent share in flow operations plus home-wide services plus content operations plus Micah
On 27 June 2019, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Micah, which provides comprehensive strategic cooperation in the areas of basic telecommunications, quality copyright content, 5g areas, household products, overseas outreach, strategic investments and other incremental activities.
Injection of $1.6 billion in funds to assist the Mangotv copyright bank expansion project and cloud storage and multiscreen broadcasting platform billion households, far beyond telecommunications (300 million households) and connected (300 million households), with 160 million fixed-line broadband users, 150 million over telecommunications becoming the largest broadband operator; 3) cooperation in the technical field: towards 5 g.
In-depth cooperation in field exploration and joint participation in ultra-high-light labs, innovative cooperation in media integration on a wide range of aspects such as the exploration of sub-line smart 5g theatres and 5g super-high-high-light live broadcasts, while at the same time mango users are able to get the best online experience at any time, or help Mango tv to make the turn over in the 5g era; 4) content cooperation:
The content copyright library of Mangotv is expected to supplement the content of the Micah video, and its co-operation can spread the cost of the company’s content.
The third season of Life has stabilized at the top three viewers, while the company's Ace Canteen 3 will be launched on July 26, or it will be able to maintain its previous high heat. Prior to that, the company said that no fewer than 50 dramas were expected to land in Mangotv in 2019.
In view of: 1) the mainstream media play a public opinion-oriented role, the Division is expected to develop even more as an online video platform backed by the Hunan Wire; 2) with medium-movement depths 1. Mango super-magnetism (300413).
Cooperation in upgrading flows, technology, content, etc. and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Risks; increased risk of regulation of audio-visual content on the Internet; failure to respond to expected risks. 3. Mango supermedia (300413): Mangotv performances continue to grow and subsequent copyright reserves are rich (2018-10-29).
Mango supermedia (300413). The whole industry chain is developing in tandem with the unique upgrading of Mangotv brands (208-08-29). No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.