h1 Performance is at the upper limit of the forecast, and the self-made content matrix is being phased out
The current income of $5,504 million, an increase of 10.41 per cent over the same period, slowed down the pace of growth as a result of the increased cost management of the company, as a result of the impact of changes in the television and television production industry, which resulted in a 40.8 per cent increase in the Māori rate and a 6.6 per cent increase in the net return to the mother 804 million yuan, or a 40.33 per cent increase in the same rate.
See, Internet platform operations generated 2,485 million yuan, an increase of 79.46 per cent, of which members earned 786 million yuan, an increase of 136 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the increase in the number of fee-paying members, which reached 15.1 million at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 4.26 million from the beginning of the year;
Revenues of $1.699 billion, an increase of 62% over the same period, were due mainly to the increase in advertising, which resulted in a branding of nearly 200, a 14% increase over the same period, thanks to strong corporate content production capacity, platform differentiation, and customized marketing programmes for “one-for-one” performance.
Content production revenue was 1,574 million yuan, a 20 per cent decline in the same year, and media retail sales revenue was 738 million yuan, a 35.87 per cent decline in the same year, but the Māori rate for both businesses rose. We believe that corporate performance is excellent, at the upper limit of the forecast, and advertising is growing in reverse, highlighting the ability of companies to control themselves.
• Create barriers and a matrix of content that is gradually being refined. With the "precision of self-made" as the internal driving force, the "mango solo" as the pre-emptive advantage, and the "quality selection" as the path to expansion, the troika is moving in step with each other.
The company has developed a continuous competitive advantage at the end of the acquisition of the refined content, creating a unique mooring river with a “mango” colour, creating solid content barriers. In content production control, the Department has achieved full process control of content production, from pre-production pre-communication mechanisms to multi-team multi-sectors.
The quality control mechanism goes to the marketing development business control mechanism, reducing the risk of content production, increasing content premium capabilities. The company's growing teams in home-made dramas, patching up short panels, refining the content matrix, and now the video industry is turning to differentiated competition patterns, relying on home-grown content.
Construction of barriers to competition, and firms are expected to move faster away from the chains of pure-flow competition in the industry, and to achieve precision 1, Mango Supermix (300413), with a high growth of new media operations, "Content+"
The company has the advantage of a whole industry chain, including video production, artist brokerage, music copyright and games, through channels, Internet video 2, Mango Supermomentation (300413), payment.
Business has built a “one cloud screen” platform, including Internet video, Internet television, over-expected growth of membership, content+platform mobile television, iptv, mobile client, and combined mobile and tiles 5g, vr, etc.
New technologies, keeping pace with technological developments, bring more imagination to the future. Strategies keep moving forward.
Pre-equity pe, 37 per cent, 29 per cent, 24 per cent respectively, corporate advertising and members' incomes are rising in reverse, and the inner matrix is gradually being refined to keep a “buy-in” rating in view of the company's development prospects.3 The risk of tighter regulation of content is:
Financial overview: New media operations are on the rise, with significant cost-control results, with gross 2019h1 achieving revenue of $5.504 billion, an increase of 10.41 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $804 million, an increase of 40.33 per cent over the same period, and a slowdown in income growth, mainly due to the impact of the broadcasting of television dramas and changes in the traditional television shopping industry.
The higher rate of profit growth is the result of enhanced cost management by the company. The company’s Māori rate is 40.8%, an increase of 6.6 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in operating costs on a year-on-year basis.
As a result of this increase, advertising agents and promotional costs increased; management costs increased by $271 million, or 33.37 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increases in labour costs and property rents; intangible assets increased by $4.332 billion at the end of the period, or 1,476 million more than at the beginning of the period, mainly due to an increase in the reserve of copyrighted resources.
With regard to the operation of the new media platform, 2,485 million yuan was generated from Internet video operations in 2019h1, representing an increase of 79.46 per cent in the same year, while the Māori rate was 38.44 per cent, an increase of 11.21 percentage points in the same year.
2019h Revenue from interactive entertainment content production was $1,574 million, a decline of 19.78 per cent over the same period, with a Māori rate of 38.06 per cent and a Māori rate of Māori in media retail operations in East Wu Xiang Xiang.
In terms of Internet video, 2019h1, the number of paid members of Mangotv reached 15,01 million, an increase of 4.26 million compared to the beginning of the year, with a mean value of 47.36 million, an increase of 11.79 million compared to the same period last year.
The core full-line development membership privilege, increasing stock members' stickyness, was followed by the company's pioneering entry into the off-line track, launching branding activities such as the Open-Congress Day and the Mango Box Camp, which took advantage of the pooling of resources within the mango ecology, as well as the company's enhanced heterogeneity and differentiated product strategy to facilitate user fee conversion.
The increase in advertising is due mainly to the ecological and strong capacity of mango industry-wide content innovation, as well as to the precision of platform users’ differential positioning and big data analysis, and to companies offering individualized and customized marketing programmes that integrate content with ip, video scene depth.
In terms of operator operations, the companies cover 31 provincial administrative regions across the country and 91 provincial operators, covering 147 million users. The strategies used to advance the operations include: 1; building the foundation and high-end value-added services of the Mango+Customer Customization features; and launching large screen users' exclusive and responsive services.
(b) Extending the area of consumption of multi-scenario content from Internet video operations to households, using a breakdown of content: 2, working with operators and smart hardware enders, working in strategic cooperation with China, China and China, to expand the growth of users and fees at the end of iptv and the end of ott;
3. In terms of content production, there are more than 1,500 self-manufacturing teams in the company; in terms of production, there are 16 amphibious art production teams, and in the first half of the year, they produce them.
In January-June of the year, Mango tv held seven seats of the platform-wide limousine top 10, the third quarter of the year, Singer 2019. The second quarter of the wife's romantic journey, Happy Home Camp 2019, Junior primer, and Hahanoff.
The number and quality of high-quality dramas have increased by 15 in Mangotv's own and outside studios. The bone-doctor data show that the entire web has commented on the heat in the first half of 2019.
In 50, Mango tv made up 14 of them, eight of them exclusive. Mango's "The Anthem" is the first of its kind, "The Spirit of Songs" is the "Smart of Fire" from the entertainment media, and it is broadcast in the Hunan Guard, Mangotv, Echigian and Juju. Mango entertainment is a part of the science of investment.
In addition, many of the company’s subjects are already in the stage of broadcasting. With regard to the construction of the entire industrial chain, the company has continued to build a mangotv center, covering video production, art and entertainment.
Artists, music rights, game interactions, consumer finance, television shopping, etc. are constantly exploring the integration of production and the construction of eco-protective rivers. Artists, for example, have nearly 100 contract artists.
With regard to music rights, companies have set up record music, video music, music, music, music, music, philanthropy, dictionaries, and so on.
The complete copyright system, coupled with a full-fledged and high-quality production of video songs and phonograms, has established in-depth channels for content, such as web-based cloud music, tether music, tremors, k songs for the entire population, mobile operators, etc., to achieve sustained positive development in the value of music copyright.
With regard to the interactive marketing of games and ip content, based on the distribution of games, the cooperation of ip copyrights, companies develop interactive marketing products for multiple scenes, multi-channel layout end games, electrical competition events, etc., interactive entertainment experiences, and the transformation of traffic flows and values.
In the area of media retailing, companies are actively engaged in a strategic transformation to bring goods to the market through partnerships with star performers, excavations and the development of net reds, and to expand new channels such as iptv and ott, for example, in the flow platforms of treasures, tremors, fast hands and mushrooms.
The competitive advantage of making a difference, making a forward-looking layout of 5g and vr. The differential competitive advantage of the company's ability to make a strong content self-contained is obvious, targeting young people, cities, women, and ensuring efficiency in content production and eco-disposal.
Qualitative Selection is an extension path, with the troika moving in parallel, and companies have developed a continuing competitive advantage at the end of the acquisition of the refined content ... Different user orientation guarantees from a clear user group, precision content products to advertising customers, high alignment, and greater efficiency in content realization.
The company's Internet video business has built a “one screen” platform, including Internet video, Internet TV, mobile TV, iptv, mobile client, mobile phone, pad, pc, tv, iptv, ott, etc. users are the first real thing in the industry.
Introduction of mobile, China-based, forward-looking layouts of technologies like 5g, ar, and vr. Companies and China are around video content, membership and joint marketing, big data referral, application promotion, iptv products and China for cloud cdn, etc.
The six major blocks have worked closely together in depth to create an eco-cooperative model of revenue-sharing, and have introduced capital transfer from China's mobile fully owned subsidiary as a strategic investor through a combination of major asset-intensive financing, and have signed a Strategic Co-operation Agreement with China's mobile fully financed company, Sméagol Cultural Science and Technology Ltd., to develop full-scale strategic cooperation and operational synergies.
The content matrix is gradually being refined to take stock of corporate development prospects and maintain a “buy-in” rating.1 The risk of increased competition from online video platforms: 2; the risk of products not growing as fast as expected:
3. Risks of tighter content regulation; Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board