On June 27, 2019, Mango SuperMemorials announced the signing of the Strategy with China's mobile Mimi Goo video in Shanghai.
The signing of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement was the first time that the two sides disclosed their strategic cooperation directions, following the official announcement in May of China’s move to invest 1.6 billion dollars in strategic mango excess media. The two sides intend to do so in basic telecommunications, high-quality copyright content, 5g fields, household products, overseas outreach, strategic investment and Internet content services.
• In-depth video-ip matrix cooperation to build an Internet content service ecology, according to which quality copyright content from both sides is given priority under the same conditions.
And the muck culture will be based on videos such as amphibious entertainment, sports events, video dramas, documentaries, children's cartoons, deep cooperation in content authorization, joint purchasing, co-production, co-publishing, and sharing of content in size and size.
Meanwhile, the two sides are working together to create an Internet content service that is competitive in the industry. At the end of their products at home, the company provides Internet television license support for Micah's television products, Internet television integration of broadcasting technology platforms, and full copyright content support.
To mobilize 900 million users and the content advantages of Mango super-media platforms, the value-added advantages of future cooperative development of both sides will complement and share the 5g dividend, share the areas of super-clear video, ar/vr, etc. Together, they will participate in ultra-high-cleaning laboratories in the 5g area, share inputs, share intellectual property rights, and explore
We believe that complementarities between the two sides are conducive to exploring new business in the 5g era.
"A 80% increase in the core mangotv camp, members and Quest to keep a positive eye on the company's excellence and the platform's advantages, maintaining a `highly recommended' rating: "Mangotv pays an 80% increase in the number of members with differentials."
We maintain the net return profit from Mango excess media in 2019-2021 at 1.137 billion yuan and 1,411 billion yuan, respectively, "A 90 per cent increase in performance in the first half of the year over the same period, mangotv, maintaining a "very recommended" rating.