China Sea Oil Clothes (60108) Extractive pressure fully released and Māori Ring significantly improved south-west Securities Research and Development Centre
• Business pressure was fully released by the previous three quarters of the year plus 2 per cent: in the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved a total of $21,450 billion, or 0.5 per cent of the year; in the first three quarters, mothers earned $2,155 million, or 1.7 per cent of the year; in the second quarter, they earned $1,892 million, or +0.1 per cent of the year, and in the third quarter, they earned $6,938 million of the year.
Billion dollars, equal to 65.5%. Considering the large q3 exchange losses and the downside of equipment such as drilling platforms, ships and other equipment, and daily rates, firm operating pressure is fully released and is expected to maintain robust performance throughout the year. Financial cost rate is 3.7%, corresponding to +0.6 pp, affected by the high exchange rate losses in the third quarter, and financial costs are incurred.
In the middle of medium- and low-price prices, the company uses oil and technology services as its main source of profits and breakthroughs in its performance. The company continues to increase the pace of technological development around major technology needs.
Increased investment in research and development, intensification of the process of clustering and industrialization of technology products, continued growth in the profitability of technology services, many research results, breakthroughs in the application of technology products, and wide recognition of clients in the opening of international markets.
• Business is significantly better than international counterparts and continues to benefit from a seven-year action plan: in a depressed industry situation, international oil-suit companies are facing a severe test. Companies benefit from a sustained build-up of domestic energy conservation policies.
High-end technical services have reached the highest international level and are expected to enter the market for petrochemical and petrochemical oil in the future.
q2’s performance has increased rapidly, and companies that are already leading the world’s efforts continue to increase their research and development investment, and are struggling with their own efforts. A steadily advancing seven-year national oil and gas production action plan will also protect companies from robust growth in their performance over the next few years.
China Sea oil uniforms (601808): q1 performance exceeding expectations, profit forecasting and investment proposal: the company will continue to benefit from domestic oil and gas production growth by benefiting fully from the seven-year action plan (2020-04-30)
3. China Sea oil suits (601808): technology + drilling double-wheel drive and global sea-capsing re-launching (2020-04-02)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.