China Sea Oil Clothes (601808). The domestic market for marine garments is stable, and the company insists on reducing efficiency gains - China Sea Oil Clothes (601808) is reported in the third quarter of 2020.
The first three quarters of China ' s garments, released on the evening of 29 October 2020, reported that the temperature of the last three quarters, which was attributed to the oil-price-consumption industry, had been constrained by oil prices and was still in a low cycle, and that, as a strong cyclical industry, the oil-coat industry had been highly correlated with oil prices, with the following transmission mechanisms,
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): Higher oil prices boost oil companies’ revenues, thus increasing capital spending capacity and leading to an increase in the number of orders from the garment companies. Oil prices have been depressed since the first three quarters of 2020 and are now at $40.
We estimate that if oil prices rise to $60 per barrel, the industry’s climate will rise. Under the influence of energy security policies, domestic markets are stable, and corporate incomes and net profits are equal.
In the first three quarters of 2020, corporate operating income was 21.4 billion yuan, 0.54 per cent more than the previous year, net profit to the mother 2.1 billion yuan, 1.69 per cent more than the previous quarter. Although the international market for oil uniforms was at a low level, owing to the steady control of the epidemic, the economy of all sectors was affected by the continuing epidemic and the low global oil prices.
There has also been a slow recovery and a steady and long-term deployment of the national energy security strategy, with the maintenance of a basic stability in the garment market, with company drilling platforms operating for 11088 days, an increase of 4.0 per cent, self-introduction drilling platforms for 8604 days, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period and a utilization rate of 75.7 per cent for calendar days; semi-submarine drilling rigs
The study by the Société Générale de Sécurité — China Oil Uniforms (601808): the performance of the 2020h1 station for 2484 days, a decrease of 5.4 per cent over the same period, and the daily usage rate of 64.8 per cent.
G.I.S.A.A. - China Oil Uniforms (601808): 2020q1 performance of 3.49 pct with net interest rate of 10.10 per cent, compared to 10.02 per cent for the same period last year, with an increase of 0.08 pct for the same period, the company, in the face of market difficulties, insists on reducing efficiency gains, combined with the operation of the main line of operations for oil field technical services
The increase was positive for the company’s profitability. The first three quarters of the company’s plan was fixed and filled with pon Xiaohui.
China and China are spending less on oil capital than expected, low oil prices are running, less on oil field technical services, less on expectations, lower daily rates for drilling services, etc. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.