Performance under adversity remained stable, and oil prices rebounded at a high price of fuel (60108.sh) Middle Sea oil uniforms (60108.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The net return to the mother is 2.16 billion yuan (plus 1.69 per cent of the same year), q3 returns 6.94 billion yuan, ring + 9.39 per cent, and the net return to the mother is 440 million yuan, or 23.37 per cent.
The company's performance of $2.16 billion in the first three quarters is in line with expectations. The garment industry is currently at the bottom of the cycle, and the national energy security policy supports performance if the price of oil returns to the price of heat.
Year-on-year increase in performance: in the face of the global epidemic and international oil price shocks, benefiting from a stable workload supported by national energy security policies, the number of drilling days in the first three quarters increased by +4 per cent and the number of ship service days increased by -1 per cent; on the other hand, companies relied on stronger business capabilities, with a 22.43 per cent increase in the previous three quarters.
348 pc, resulting in a net return profit of $2.16 billion, i.e. + 1.69 per cent; exclusive of currency exchange risk, ring performance is expected: q3 quarter financial cost of $418 million, with an increase of $258 million in ring comparison, mainly due to currency loss due to the depreciation of the United States dollar, the company ' s performance for the single season would be over 600 million.
The volume of ship and property exploration operations is under pressure, the oil technology services contribute to the performance: q3 season drilling operations, which, under the direction of the light asset strategy, currently account for more than half of the Māori share of oil technology services and have made breakthroughs in technology applications, international recognition is increasing and future market space is huge.
• China and China oil capital expenditure has remained stable and oil prices have rebounded with greater scope. According to China and China Oil Bulletin, capital expenditure in the first three quarters amounted to $54 billion (+1.6 per cent of the year), net production amounted to 389 million barrels equivalent (+5.8 per cent of the year), and net domestic output amounted to 263 million barrels equivalent (+13 per cent of the year), in a cycle
The bottom reflects the strong enforcement of China Sea oil against our energy conservation policy, and strongly supports corporate performance. If oil supports the volume of work, oil prices will rise in profits, prices will rise steadily, service prices will rise in greater space, overseas orders are expected to be released and performance will rebound in greater space.
*o4 There is a risk of centralized release of R & D costs. Corporate Information Update - Energy Security Policy. According to the “Technology” strategic plan, R & D costs increased by 50 per cent throughout the year, from 930 million yuan in 2019.
1.4 billion yuan, q1-3 company R & D costs released only $550 million, q4 R & D costs released centrally, optimized business structure, re-emerged oils.