The price of the vaccine is good & the price of the oil is good & the price is good & the price is good & the price is good & the price is good & the price is good & the price is good & the price is good .
The Pfizer vaccine is expected to be delivered in the fastest year, Ogc+ is expected to be extended for both supply and demand, and the oil price hub is expected to rise rapidly; based on past experience, the purchase order price for 2021 will be signed at the end of the year, and when the Qing Pfizer vaccine is expected to be delivered in the fastest year, Ogc+ is expected to be extended for the reduction agreement.
Pfizer’s vaccine is expected to be delivered in the course of the year: Cao Yugur-Saxin of Pfizer’s Biontech partner said on Wednesday that the new co-development of the co-authors could be urgently authorized by the United States and the European Union next month and start delivery by December 25. Prior to this, Pfizer announced that the final test results showed 95% of the vaccine’s effectiveness.
And there are no serious side effects; OEC+ is expected to extend the production reduction agreement: the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and its partners (OPEC+) convened an online meeting on Monday this week. The Joint Technical Committee concluded that, due to the resurgence of the new crown and the introduction of a new embargo policy by States, OEC+ is considering postponing the increase originally scheduled to start in January.
Two million barrels per day (about 2% of global demand) were produced to support the market, after both Saudi Arabia and Russia had been positive. The oil price hub was expected to rise rapidly, with a clear reversal trend, with both supply and demand benefits.
Energy conservation policies are strongly supported: in the first three quarters of the Chinese oil season, in the face of the global epidemic and low international oil price shocks, the net domestic production was 263 million barrels equivalent (year-on-year + 13 per cent), reflecting China ' s oil performance against our country at the bottom of the cycle.
Powerful implementation of energy conservation policies, strong support for the performance of China Sea oil uniforms, net return profits for companies in the first three seasons, stability, a rebound in fuel prices - and breakthroughs in technology applications, increasing international recognition, and a share of future international markets
The company’s mid-point assessment report – energy security policy increases expectations. Oil prices rebound: based on past experience, a 2021 target will be signed at the end of the year to support the increase in fuel prices.
Corporate Information Update - Energy Security Policy