Biopharmaceuticals ii egfr x her3adc is expected to become a cancer-based drug, and her2adc shows the potential of bic.
On September 22, 2025, Bulitan is a layout adc and multi-resistible innovation company. The company’s core tube, egfr x her3 double antiadciza-bren, is a potential anti-cancer-based drug, which is being carried out both inside and outside the country.
More than 40 tumour clinics, 3 globally registered and 11 Chinese ii-problems. iza-bren endline nada aptness to nasal cancer, 2026. iza-bren is expected to be approved for listing in China.
Breakthrough early therapeutic effects are shown in lung, breast, urinary, sclc, esophagus, cerebral cancers. iza-bren has authorized bms, which can trigger up to $500 million in the near future, followed by market data: 19 September 2025
Up to $7.1 billion in milestones. Her2adct-bren of the company's potential bic advanced nine of her2 cases in Central America expressing a real tumor iii period and has demonstrated efficacy in the breast cancer clinic. 2025-2027 za-bren mutated egfr ii clinical phase in Nsclc, egfr wild i
\triangleright Clinical, a classic egfr mutation-driven first-stage clinical treatment of i. The first line of egfr mutation nsclc is 100% for the iza-bren Unit (n=40).
Basic data: 12 months pfs rate of 92.1 per cent and 12 months os ratio of 94.8 per cent on 30 June 2025, treated in the egfr wild Nsclc (n=26), za-bren treatment orr of 5.0 per cent, corr of 38.5 per cent, dcr of 80.8 per cent,
mpfs are 6.7 months. Non-classic egfr mutation-driven genetic mutation nsclc (n=83), iza-bren treatment orr 46.2% and mpfs 7.0 months. -bren clinically at her2 negative breast cancer i, urinary ii, sclc
Negative breast cancer (n=121), za-bren treatment orr 42.1% and mpfs 6.9 months; treatment of urinary skin cancer (n=27), za-bren group orr 40.7% and 6 months pfs 62.4%; treatment/untreated sclc (n=58), iza-bren treatment orr 55.2% and mpfs 4.0
In edible cancers (n=82), 2.5 mg/kgiza-bren treatments 39.6% orr, mpfs 5.4 months and mos 11.5 months.
2.5 mg/kg group (n=21) orr 28.6% t-bren in her2+, her2+ and her2dc treated, her2+ and her2 low-expressed breast i have a high clinical effect. Her2+ in transferred breast cancer (n=45), t-bren treated orr
In the case of breast cancer previously treated with her2-adc (n=16), t-bren treated orr treated 93.8 per cent of her2 breast cancer treated with low expression transferary breast cancer (n=53), t-bren treated
Orr is 62.3% at risk of competition for the commercialization of new medicines. Companies face competition from other pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies around the world, with large pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies currently marketing and selling drugs or seeking them.
Develop drugs with similar adaptive conditions that are being developed by companies. Competing parties may discover, develop or commercialize them faster or more successfully than the public authorities, or develop and commercialize drugs that are safer, more efficient, easier or cheaper than companies may develop or commercialize.
The risk of losing core personnel. Companies recruit and retain qualified research, clinical, manufacturing in \triangleright.
The loss of senior corporate managers, core technicians, and other key employees may hinder the achievement of corporate R & D and commercialization objectives and undermine the company’s ability to successfully implement business strategies.
Innovative drugs cannot be marketed. Clinical development is time-consuming and processes and results are inaccurate \triangleright characterization, and the success of company drugs and candidate drugs depends on a number of factors, including pre-clinical research and compliance.
(c) Successful roll-out and successful marketing of company and candidate medicines, with continued assurance after regulatory approval
Accepting safety, etc. If the company fails to achieve or maintain one or more of the above factors, which results in the company’s failure to successfully or to obtain regulatory approval in a timely manner, completes the commercialization of medicines and candidate drugs, the company’s operations and future benefits may be seriously compromised.
When a company succeeds in developing a new drug, it will have to go through a process of market opening and academic \triangleright promotion to achieve a good marketing of the drug.
As companies with R & D centres in Central America and the United States, the company and its son-in-law may be affected by the geopolitical risks of growing corporate income and profitability as a result of less than expected progress in market access, market expansion and academic outreach, resulting in a lack of rapid release or effective accreditation by doctors or patients.
The \triangleright Division is subject to the possibility that the relevant laws and regulations may be issued or amended from time to time by the legislature, government departments or other regulatory bodies of the international and regional jurisdiction of the place of incorporation and of the production and operation of the company.
In addition, uncertainty about the future international political, economic, and market environment may have some negative impact on the company’s operations abroad. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.