For the first time ever, iza-bren was awarded Fda for breakthrough therapy, and the "heavy bomb" drug was conceived on August 19, 2025.
▪ Incident: On August 18, the United States subsidiary Sysimmune and Bms announced that fda had granted za-bren, bl-b01d1 for the treatment of carrying egfr.
The missing or obsessive 19 is replaced by a mutation of 21l858r and has undergone partial late or transferary nsclc (China), bl-b01d1-203 (China) and bl-b01d1-lung-101 (United States of America) treatment for egfr-tki and platinum-containing chemotherapy.
Data from the country/EU studies show that out of the egfrmtnsclc patients who progressed after the third generation of egfrtki and platinum-containing therapy, iza-bren shows evidence of improved efficacy and is safe and manageable.
Accelerating drug development and review processes that may be significantly better than the existing standard therapy. iza-bren clinical progress is rapid, and data are read out or catalytic: as of August 25, bl-b01d1 has conducted more than 40 clinical studies, including 3
Overseas Registered Clinic 11l does not apply to tnbc at pd-(l) 1; 22l+egfrmnsclc; 32l+uc; and 10 domestic Registered Clinic 12l+ Bare Tinhem (6885006): 1 quarterly report 2025
Nostril cancer; 22l+ carcinoma of esophagus; 32l+hr+/her2-breast cancer; 4 2l+egfrm non-small cell lung cancer; 5pd(l)1 and egfrwt non-small cell lung cancer with platinum treatment; 62l+triple breast cancer; 72l+minus breast cancer
Start the first overseas registered clinic.
Bulian (688506): The first double-resistant adc, soc for first-line treatment of the tumor and the next "super-pound drug." From next catalytic factors, at the wclc and esmo conference in September-October 2025,
iza-bren will all have multiple clinical data disclosure, including overseas clinical trial data, and the goal for the last five years has become a global-capable and large-scale mnc.
Three key pillars of the four core competencies of multinational pharmaceutical companies are already in place - global early-stage research and development, global clinical development and global production supply. With the successful commercialization of bl-b01d1, companies will further improve global commercialization capabilities.
The final key puzzle of the global landscape is the strength.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the firm’s heavy-pound product, iza-bren, is moving ahead, with billions of dollars, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The three major financial forecasting tables of Bae Tianzheng, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.