After the closing of the 2022 Annual Report, the company's better profits since the second half of 2021 are expected to ease the profits.
Covering 1.5 times the company’s settlement revenue for the year, the company’s performance is expected to continue to be released on the basis of the wealth of resources to be settled. 38 city sales focused on layouts contributed 86%, up by 8 pct on the same year. The combined sales of the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle increased by 3 pct. Sales ranked first in 26 cities and third in 51 cities in 2023.
First, we believe that the trend towards urban segmentation will continue in 2023 and that the differences in supply will become more pronounced as the sector recovers, with companies maintaining the pace of land acquisition at the bottom of the market in 2022 and expanding the quality of the core urban areas. With these high-quality plots entering the market, it is expected that the advantages of the company ' s supply will become more pronounced.
In 2022, the company, while insisting on the premise of “distribution by sale”, seized the opportunity of deep adjustment of the land market, the quality of the plots, etc. and kept its investment steady.
In 2022, the company insisted on focusing on “core cities + urban clusters”, with 38 cities at 98%. In Guangzhou, Shanghai, Nanking, Fatty, Xiamen, Chengdu, etc., the number of cities with nearly 60% of the land stock was higher.
In the end of 2022, net corporate debt ratios, 14 projects such as Paulie's leader and replenishment of liquidity, $1.5 billion, are expected to scale up operations and upgrade the city.
Field competitiveness. 2) Optimizing balance sheets and accelerating scale expansion. 3) Replenishing liquidity and easing the pressure on cash demand from business growth.
Cities such as Fat, Xiamen, Chengdu and others have achieved the same growth in their outreach amounts and are expected to benefit in the future from supply-side diversification risk factors: real estate regulation policies are tightened or relaxed less than expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
With the company’s previous high-priced and low-yielding land parcels being settled, the company has been in a state of coolness in the land market since the second half of 2021, and the profit level of the plots has improved.
In addition, the company sold its unsold resources in 2022, the actual area of completion increased by 11.95 per cent, and as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the completion target is expected to be successfully achieved and the resources to be settled are abundant.
The company's performance is expected to be continuously released.2 Sales: sales outperformed large markets, city occupancy increased, and the effects of deep farming in the region highlighted the fact that the company market ranked second in the year, with a market share of 3.4 per cent, rising seven years in a row.
The effects of deep farming in the region have continued to be highlighted, and competition has been increasing. 38 city sales focused on company layouts in 2022 contributed 86%, an increase of 8%, compared to the previous year.
With 17% and 10% respectively, with 10.2pct and 4.7pc, respectively, the cities of Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Nanjing also outperformed by 6%, and the markets accelerated their concentration.
We believe that industry will continue the trend of urban fragmentation in 2023, influenced by the downside of the 2022 industry, where the difference in supply will become more pronounced as the industry recovers, while companies will maintain the pace of the downside of the market in 2022, expanding the core of the city, regional high-quality plots, and with these high-quality plots entering the market, the company’s supply advantage is expected to become even more pronounced. At the same time, companies are in the city.
The branding advantage of the city ' s deep-deep farming process, added up to 2022, was actively pursued by the company in the process of clearing the industry ' s credit risks.