The company issued a performance forecast for mid-2019: $110 million to $120,000, a year-on-year increase, a rapid increase in revenue and increasing competitiveness.
During the first half of 2019, corporate performance was excellent in general, business maintained a high growth rate, overseas competitiveness increased, and market share increased further. At the same time, the company’s overseas market was dominated by dollar prices, and exchange rate fluctuations had a positive impact on revenue growth on the same year. In addition, the US-China “trade friction” tax was expected to result in a US share of US q2.
In our view, the high rate of income growth suggests that the company continues to be a leader in the sex-talking track, with American distributors accounting for around 30%, no production for the company’s follow-up supply pace, a 65.4% growth in the quarterly ring, and a high increase in profits in the company in the first half of the year, on the one hand, from the continued rapid increase in the income side.
Longer, on the other hand, as the corporate vcs income ratio increases, the product structure is optimized, the currency depreciation factor is added, and the overall Māori ratio is significantly higher. We believe that, in addition to continuing to maintain efficient production controls, the company continues to have a rich product structure and high value-added vcs products grow rapidly, pushing the company forward.
It continues to expand towards cloud-side integration. Sip calls are consolidated, Vcs Extensions through innovation. The company worked more and more with Microsoft during the reporting period, and joined forces to launch innovations at the US Infocomm show.
Also, Microsoft custom version t5 was successfully launched in the first half of the year, with swords pointing to the high-end markets of old manufacturers, such as Bolyton, Cisco, etc. Through continuous innovation in R & D and overseas co-production, companies further boost product branding, widening the track and taking advantage of larger markets.
Research assistant: Increased competition in the market in the Yang Myechi sip sector: vcs R&D less than expected.
: steady growth in performance, official new products : rapid growth of operations in three quarters, branding effects in partnership with Microsoft . 20181012
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People's Association, Mye Xiang, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two years of business experience as an operator, and in 2017 joined the civil securities. The author has a qualification in securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence, and the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,