Mid-Stock (300308.sz) High annual growth in performance, increasing overseas capital expenditure in the ai field in 2025
The demand for high-speed products such as 800g/400g continues to rise, leading to high performance growth: in 2024, the company grew rapidly, the product structure continued to optimize, and the company’s operating income and net profit ratio increased significantly. Other performance variables include: 1) the company’s recognition of equity incentive costs as affecting the net return profit.
Reduction of approximately $192 million; 2) depreciation amortization of fixed and intangible asset assessment value added of Sioux State, storage technology and Kwanyo Electronics, recognized at the time of the merger, affecting the net profit reduction of about $40 million; 3) combined impact of possible inventory withdrawals of the subsidiary ' s books, etc.
Net profits are reduced by about $62 million; 4) combined net profits from disposal of equity investments resulting in gains or losses on fair values are increased by about $29 million, of which $56 million in investment returns are accounted for in non-recurring gains or losses; 5) net profits from disposal, such as government subsidies, are increased by about $46 million.
The demand for high-speed light modules from the ai is considered to continue over the next few years, with the growth in corporate performance with a more photo-communication module
On January 22, corporate investors formed a joint venture with silver, silver and Oracle to create the Stargate Project.
It is planned to invest $500 billion over four years in the construction of the relevant ai infrastructure for the openai; capital expenditure is projected to exceed $100 billion in 2025 in the Amazon, up from $83 billion in 2024, the bulk of which is spent in the ai area; Microsoft expects to invest $80 billion in construction data for the 2025 fiscal year
US$ 40% more than the same year, mainly for the Google Cloud product portfolio initiated by the ai; Meta will invest US$ 60-65 billion in 2025 for ai-related capital expenditure. Capital spending in overseas ai-related areas continues to rise.
Related concerns about the need for arithmetic, which we believe has had some impact in the short term or on the competition for arithmetic, but in the long run the low-cost model that DeepSeek has brought has helped to speed up the downfall of one fast spread, downstream applications (e.g. autopilots, etc.) against the reduced demand for a single model numeracy.
The company is a global leader in the field of light modules, 1.6t, silicon light, and so on: the light module is the core area of the computing industry, and the company is firmly in the world’s leading position, based on
In the 2023 light module manufacturer ranking released by Lightning, Intermediary is once again ranked first in the world and has a strong head position. With regard to new products, the company ' s 1.6t light module product is in the process of being delivered, and it is expected that this year ' s q4 small shipments will be phased in from 2025 and will lead to corporate revenue.
A new round of growth; in addition to the company’s stock of silicon light technology, it now has 1.6 t silicon light solutions and self-research of silicon chip. We believe that there will be sufficient stock of company technology in the future to maintain a leading industry in an era of high demand.
Profit forecasts: with the growth of arithmetic demand, the industry is expected to continue with a sustained high impact over the next two years;3 and overseas cloud producers’ capital expenditures are below expectations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.