Performance forecast for 2024: The forecast is in line with expectations, high-speed, silicon light products are expected to match downstream demand.
During the reporting period, net return profits and net non-return profits of a company were affected by: (1) the cost of equity incentives resulting in a reduction of the net return profits by about $190 million; and (2) the subsidiary Sioux State created and stored in Sioux State.
Depreciation amortization of the value added of fixed and intangible assets, such as technology and kyo-electronics, resulting in a reduction of the net profit of the parent by about $400 million; an impairment of the inventory, accounts receivable and so on, resulting in a reduction of the net profit of the parent by about $60 million; and an increase in the net profit of the parent by approximately $30 million.
(v) Non-recurring gains and losses, such as government subsidies, which increased the net profits of the parent by about $50 million, and we believe that there is still room for further growth in the gross interest rate of the company as silicon light, 1.6t product penetration and company output rises, while the three rates of cost can continue to be spread, with subsequent net gains for the company.
▪ The company is expected to benefit in depth from 800g in 2025, 1.6t high demand + silicon light accelerated penetration, and we believe the following trends in industrial demand in 2025: 1) Cloud mills demand in a three-fold trend of reasoning demand highlighting + arithmetic + card supply expansion + self-built network + demand for 800g light modules in 2025
Midmiddle Queens (300308); three-quarters in 2024 will be fully released; 2) British Weida will continue to maintain the excellence of hardware and software systems in training, training and integration.
At the same time, the continued optimization of its client structure will further lead to the replacement and application of cutting-edge products such as 1.6t; and 3) the silicon light module is expected to accelerate penetration by mitigating material shortages such as photochips, absorbing silicon-based co-encapsulation trends, and lowering the cost of three layers of industrial logic.
The company, as a global head manufacturer with close ties to large clients, is able to demand and at the same time expand production in an orderly fashion, and in the context of upstream material scarcity, the silicon glimmers are heavily configured.
At the same time, it is expected to achieve structural advantages in material supply, which in turn will benefit in depth from the industrial demand trends of 800g, 1.6t and Silicon Division to benefit from the subsequent demand release.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the impending release of new products such as corporate silicon light, 1.6 t light modules, R & D below expectations; increased competition in industry; tight supply of raw materials; and industrial technology overlaps.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.