Mid-2022: Performance meets market expectations, new industry, research assistant Chelter Chul Chul, published the semi-annual 2022 report, 2022h1 achieved business income of $10.397 billion, a year-on-year increase.
25.65 per cent; net profit on the parent company was 1,975 million yuan, an increase of 26.36 per cent. The company ' s q2 performance was in the middle of the previous announcement and was in line with market expectations.
(plc), industrial robotics have grown more structurally. 2022h1 Māori is 36.37%, new energy vehicles are running at a similar rate in q1&q2 and low Māori in elevators, with a relatively faster rate of growth in control layer/industrial robotics +4.4 pct/, respectively
▪ General automation: 2022q2 demand is weak, and the Hong Kong River has been replaced by industry deficit & epidemic opportunities. Foreign capital has been replaced by faster growth at a high base in 2021.
We expect upwards, and we expect a 30% + growth in industrial block collection throughout the year.  New energy vehicle & track transfer: 2022h1 new energy vehicle continues to double, conventional cars start at a faster rate, is expected to be profitable, combined power is being independently marketed; sub-epidemiological turnovers are under pressure.
Q2 received $1.08 billion, compared to +93 per cent. With regard to new energy vehicles, the new energy vehicle, 2022h1, earned $2.01 billion, or +121 per cent, of its business; it received $1.08 billion, or +93 per cent.
In addition, the company intends to divide the power of the alliance into domestic exchanges, which are currently in the advanced stages of planning.
2022H1 track operations were the same as -27%, mainly due to repeated outbreaks, which delayed the rollover of the track project. Power + long-term incentives, helped taps again  elevators: 2022O2 property continues to be under pressure, combined with the impact of the marine epidemic on Bethet’s operations, with the same income.
Compared to 31%. 2022h1 was affected by the real estate market and the epidemic, and the income & profit & profit & year & year & year fell. I reported six months ago that 2022h1 achieved business income of $10.397 billion, an increase of 25.65% over the same period of the year; and that the net profit of the parent company was $19 million over the same period of the year. The company ' s o2 performance was in the middle of the previous announcement and was in line with market expectations.
As a result of the change in structure (the relatively low Māori rate of the new energy vehicle business is similar in q1&q2 and the low Māori elevator industry is down, with a relatively faster increase in the Māori rate of the control layer/industrial robotics business +4.4 pct/+5.2 pct, respectively).
At a high base in 2021, growth was faster. The company ' s 2022h1 industrial-controlled business generated $5.64 billion, i.e. 1.5 per cent, and the oem industry 5.0 per cent, but the advanced manufacturing industry ' s associated battery/semiconductor ratio was +25 per cent/+14 per cent, and the climate was still better, with the company ' s energy sbu increasing by more than 60 per cent at 202H1.
In the context of foreign investment, firms have been able to achieve faster growth in industrial control operations by strengthening “strategic cooperation with international suppliers, production R & D/procurement/sale management, multi-brand design alternatives for key devices.” Billion dollars, or +108%, were generated (403 million yuan for q2 battalion, or +12.7%), and small-scale sales of plc had reached 10.7%,
Second in place. Under the "Do Strong Controls" strategy, Plc was placed in high-end applications and replaced by a server as the next high-growth product; 2) Servers/Change H1 received $23.2.192 billion, compared to +22 per cent/+25 per cent, representing a large difference from Dragon II. 3) Robot H1 received $270 million, compared to 39 per cent ($160 million in q2).
In the first half of the year, there were 9,000 shipments. The end-product scara was sold in large quantities in the fields of lithium electricity, photovoltaics, 3c, while the “regional line” was added to the industry of radiation to pharmaceuticals, automobiles, electronics, packaging, etc.; the six-branch robots were promoted in an orderly manner, 4kg/10kg was marketed in the second half of the year, 60-80 kg was launched, and 220 kg was successfully developed.
The share is 17.5%, the second largest (internal capital) and the robotic core parts are self-supporting, and the business continues to be profitable. Capital expenditures, such as lithium photovoltaics, are still strong in the long run, with the company’s energy plate sbu accounting for more than 30%, and the business cycle is expected to move up to provide greater performance elasticity.
New energy vehicles & track transfers: H1 new energy vehicles continue to double, traditional cars start at a faster pace, are expected to be profitable throughout the year, combined power independently on the market, and under-epidemic track handover operations are under pressure. With regard to new energy vehicles, 2022h1 new energy vehicles earn $2.01 billion, or +121 per cent, of which q2 earns.
For the new project, 2022h1 total fixed-point projects exceed 20 and the company's products have evolved to the fourth generation of high-voltage power-drives, as well as the agglomerators, while supporting the sic power half-conductor (the company's carbon is Pyg9).
This year's focus is on secure delivery, with Changzhou having full production capacity in the first phase, start building in the second phase, and if the lack of a core and the impact of the epidemic on delivery are manageable, we expect to double the annual income to $4.5 billion +, with a profit-end balance expected. Moreover, based on overall strategic planning and long-term development, companies intend to split the combined power to domestic stock exchanges.
The number of new winning orders for company h1 is $117 million. Elevators: 2022q2 property continues to be pressurized, with the combined effect of the sea epidemic affecting Bethett, earning the same income as in 31%.
Real estate markets and the impact of the epidemic, falling demand from the industry, and the inability of Bethette to deliver electrical equipment, cables, etc. in a timely manner, elevators, 22h1 earned $2.21 billion, compared to 9%, of which q2 earned $1.03 billion, compared to 31%.
(1) Digitalization operations are proceeding in an orderly manner, with air-pressure machines ahead: in the industrial field of the company 2022h1, equipment intelligence, manufacturing intelligence, operating intelligence, building software products such as integrated energy management, equipment services, production management, etc., and obtaining project site in the pharmaceutical, packaging, textile, etc.; at the same time, industrial Internet platform-type products are measured internally by the company.
At the end of the market, solutions are provided in the textile, cable, packaging, port, elevator, air-voltage, etc., where smart air pressure (2) internationalization operations are “years”, where the vanguard forces have arrived: a “step internationalization” strategy was proposed in Sinkakawa in early 2022, where the H1 company combs up more than a dozen points of opportunity in the industry, such as air pressure, air conditioners, wind power, lithium power, etc.
At the same time, the European Factories Project team has arrived in Hungary and is officially engaged in overseas plant construction. (3) Energy management “distribution” stereo layout, exploring the feasibility of various business models: 1) power side is over.
The first joint fire storage FM project in Cheng Jiangsu province and the provision of a pcs unit at new energy demonstration bases in several countries; 2) the power side of the grid, which is involved as a provider of key equipment in the domestic shared storage capacity Qing Haegarwood base project (100mw level); 3) the distribution side, which introduces a new generation of “allinone” programmes; and 4) the power side, which provides end-to-end microgrid solutions and storage energy products.
In addition, the systematic layout of products such as light storage, storage energy, hydrogen production, special power sources, and the construction of a new generation of digital energy plants at Yooyang base to protect products. R & D & marketing rates for 2022h1 have been controlled and management rates have increased by the same amount.
Increased expenditures, such as employee bonuses, plus cash settlement of suppliers ' purchases and increased payments due from bills of exchange, with Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. having obtained the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board