The high growth of IT technology hardware and equipment is in line with expectations, and the Chinese version of Zoom is better performing than ever before.
High performance growth is expected, and Sip’s global first position is strong. Corporate revenue, profits, and profits have remained high, and corporate Māori aggregates have risen by 4.21 percentage points to 66% as a result of higher product ratios, higher exchange rates, and lower costs.
The vcs business continues to grow at a high rate, rising by 87.9% to 13.24% in the same year, and the profit structure is further optimized.
The new coronary outbreak led to a demand for videoconferencing, and the company opened up Vcs products for free during the epidemic, although it could have an impact on q1 performance, but we think it would be a very good stock/flow (million shares)
As the post-epidemiology era changes user habits and industry accelerates, the total market value/flow (million yuan) companies will benefit from certainty. The market sees the billion-dollar union as the Chinese version of Zoom, but we think the billion-dollar union.
The growth rate is 88%, and the Māori rate is 82%, which is significant, but its net profit rate is only 4.06%, well below 49.6%. Zoom is a billion-dollar network (300628) with high annual growth rates.
Keeping up the growth rate and adopting marketing strategies such as free-of-charge in 40 minutes led to a concern about the cost of sales, which led to a 55% increase in product penetration.
The billion-dollar network (300628), which continues to grow in performance, has a core team of equity incentives to show confidence in development. The company announces stocks at the same time.
Long, unified communications leaders will be well placed to stabilize teams and to demonstrate firm corporate confidence in the future.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.