BN 300628. Performance continues to grow at a high rate, with vcs facing a good opportunity to develop 45.08%. Income of 650 million was achieved in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 21.95% over the same period; net repatriation was achieved
In 2019, in a context of increased global economic uncertainty, corporate performance remained robust and benefited mainly from the continued growth of the corporate communications market and the productive opening of the company ' s market.
Due to exchange rate benefits, product structure optimization and lower costs, the Māori rate rose slightly to 66 per cent in the year, an increase of 4.21 ptc compared to 2018. As the company strengthened the market for new business throughout the year, marketing costs (+35.96 per cent, yoy), R & D costs (+40.5 per cent, yoy) and management fees
The increase in net interest rates was less than the Māori rate, with a slight slowdown in income growth of 2020q1, mainly affected by the “new crown” epidemic, and hampered business expansion.
The increase in net profits was higher than the increase in income. The ratio of Māori in 2020q1 to the net interest rate ring rose.
Quarterly reviews: Rapid growth in performance, q3 indicators to record highs. As a research and development-driven firm, companies continued to increase their investment in research and development.
:: 139 personnel, or 546 persons, with R & D and technical services accounting for nearly 50 per cent of the total year ' s research and development
Add 56.61%. Thanks to continued high R & D investment, corporate audio video decoding and sound video substrate techniques are being strengthened to ensure that companies can accelerate the roll-out of new serials, new machines and new functions. Sipphones: high-end markets are breaking down and market shares are increasing.
In 2019, 1,758 million dollars were earned on the Sip phone operation, an increase of 30.95 per cent over the same period. In recent years, companies have gradually extended to large, high-end clients, the share of high-end products has continued to rise, and the promotion of Maori rates has not always been promising.
As the markets of the leading industries grew, the share of companies in the market continued to rise, accounting for 27.3 per cent globally in 2018, and is expected to rise further in 2019.vcs: good opportunities for scaling up in the context of the epidemic
In 2019, vcs achieved an income of 329 million, an increase of 87.93% over the same period, and a Māori rate of 74.35%, which remained essentially the same as in 2018. The reason for the high rate of growth was the company’s improved access to deep farming and the upgrading of its products.
In addition, in the context of the continuing “new crown” epidemic, applications such as teleworking, teletrade, etc., have emerged, during which the company has increased its outreach to its clients and, in the long run, has contributed to the development of the company’s vcs business.
• Launching a stock incentive scheme to create a pool of future long-term growth talent. Ten thousand shares (about 0.5% of the current total stock stock), of which 2.525 million are awarded for the first time, and 6255 million are reserved for the first time. First, we believe that the successful implementation of this equity incentive will help companies to deepen their core management and research and development staff.
In the long run, there is still room to increase the penetration of the sip phone, poor control of the overseas epidemic, poor product diffusion, and increased competition in the vcs industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.