In the semi-annual evaluation of the power plant: the one server and the switch continue to be high, the capacity bottlenecks gradually break through, the power supply (002463).
In a semi-annual report for 2025, the company realized a business income of $8.494 billion, a net profit of $1.644 billion, an increase of 47.90 per cent. Of this, the pcb operation achieved operating income of approximately $8.152 billion, an increase of 57.20 per cent, and the Māori rate of 36.47 per cent, a decrease of 1.49 pct, a decline of 1.49 pct.
The growth trend is clear, and the pcb products associated with the servers and switches are growing fast. The benefits are derived from the strong demand for the infrastructure of the i and the high-speed network, and the company’s communications market board is operating.
Revenues amounted to approximately $6,532 million, representing a significant increase of about 70.63 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, i Servers and hpc-related pcb products increased by about 25.34 per cent over the same period, accounting for about 23.13 per cent of the company ' s communications market board operating income; high-speed network switches and their accompanying circuits were made from the relevant pcb product.
For the fastest-growing segment of companies, the same-year-old growth of approximately 161.46 per cent, which accounts for the company’s corporate communications market, is gradually breaking through capacity bottlenecks and responding quickly to market demand. 25h1, the company has increased its investment, one of which is optimized through technological upgrading of production lines, upgrading bottlenecks and critical processes, targeting the expansion of production capacity.
Line efficiency and flexibility, synchronized product and capacity structure to respond quickly to short-term market requirements; on the other hand, a new ai chip-packed high-end printed circuit board, with a total investment of about $4.3 billion, was built in late June and is expected to be tested in the second half of 2026
In addition, the Thai production base has entered the small-scale production phase in 25q2, applications such as ai servers and switchboards, which have been officially endorsed by two customers, and the certification and import of products by four customers, which is expected to be on the ground in the second half of 2025.
Automobile operations are growing robustly, benefiting from the trend of intelligence. 25h1 motor panels achieve business income. ai has a strong engine, with a sustained high performance growth of 1,422 million yuan, or 24.18 per cent, compared to the 24.18 per cent increase.
The year's review of the power and power shares: good luck with the active layout, driving aids and smart space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2packs and other new cars.
Carboard products grew by approximately 81.86 per cent in the same year, accounting for 49.34 per cent of carboard receipts. 25h1ai engine activity, investment in the build-up, medium-sized investment, significantly increased business income by 159.63 per cent in the same year, with p2pack earning higher than in the same year.
The growth base was 400.69 per cent, resulting in a significant reduction in the profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2025-2027, respectively.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. Goldstone Building No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.
We look forward to the company’s development in this area, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company. In August, we joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Electronics Group, then joined the Sunda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022.
The first securities, the Sadi think tank, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, looking at semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, looking at storage chips, simulation chips, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.