Electronics (002463.sz) pcbiii is expected to achieve a high performance of 25h1 and continue to benefit from arithmetic & auto power
To benefit from the emerging computing scene, the company is expected to achieve a high performance of 25h1. To benefit from the structural demand for the printing of circuit boards from emerging computing scenes such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, etc., based on a balanced product layout and years of deep-deep medium- and high-level product and volume technology, the company’s business earnings and net profits are expected to be higher in the semi-annual 2025 than in the same period of the previous year.
The rise of Qai is a central driver of the e-innovation cycle, and companies continue to expand the production capacity of high-end products. Quick network infrastructure for data processing and transmission is extremely demanding, bringing together a variety of complex technologies, such as high-speed computing, high-capacity storage, efficient heat-dispersing, etc., that require high-speed signal transmission, high-density in limited space.
And high-reliability integration needs to address a complex set of issues, such as signal interference, power distribution, technological innovation and increased competition with infrastructure producers, and the development of pcb to high complexity, high performance, higher level and hdi, and the design and manufacture of pcb with more complex technology, higher process capability and faster response speed.
The strength of the server market, which is driven by artificial intelligence, data centres, high-performance computing etc., will drive the growth of the high-end pcb product market, such as high-level, multi-layered hdi. According to Prismark, the global server/data storage area pcb market in 2024 was $10.916 billion, which is an increase.
33.1% long, far faster than other applications in pcb; global server/data storage domain pcb market is expected to reach $18.921 billion in 2029.ai-driven servers, data storage and high-speed networks. Increased infrastructure demand and expansion of new applications offer industry development opportunities, high on the market.
The production capacity of the product is inadequate, the company has increased its investment in critical and bottleneck processes over the past two years, and the planned investment of approximately $4.3 billion in new artificial intelligence chip packages for high-end printing circuit board expansion was launched in June 2025, and its implementation is expected to further expand the company ' s high-end product production capacity; and
Better alignment to meet the medium- and long-term demand of customers for emerging computing scenarios such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, etc. for high-end printed circuit boards, enhancing the company’s core competitiveness, and improving its economic efficiency. The value of pcb for car electronicization and smart drive has doubled, and the company’s board has become the second-largest collection.
(vcu), electric controllers (mcu), battery management system (bms), pcb value increment is mostly high in process, with an average usage of about 3-5 square metres and a higher single value. Overall, conventional fuel vehicle pcb is used at 0.6-1 square metre/car, high end vehicle type 2-3 square metre/car, while new energy is used at 2-3 square metres/car
Source cars reach 5-8 m2/car, with a total value of Teslamodel3 pcb in the range of $3,000 to 4,000, about 5-6 times the average fuel vehicle. In 2024, smartness became an important market trend, car companies accelerated the process of schizophrenic replacement, level 1-2 auxiliary driving gradually spread, and city navigation aids drove.
As the adas level rises, the required sensors increase, leading to an increase in the use of pcb on the one hand, and an increase in the use of hdiboards on the other hand, where the laser radar costs up to tens of dollars.
The market for new motor panel products, such as assistive and smart space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2pack, has continued to grow, rising from about 25.96 per cent in 2023 to approximately 37.68 per cent of the company ' s motor board operating income.
With the progressive release of the company's productive capacity, performance in related areas is expected to continue to grow, covering for the first time, with a “increasing” rating. Risks of rapid and increased competition in the market: new products and new technologies are under-developed: new production bases are under-developed.
The company insists on a differentiated product competitive strategy, i.e. reliance on technology, management, etc.
Based on the technological leadership of established corporate communication market boards, automobile boards, etc., companies keep up with demand for high-end products in the areas of communications, automobiles, etc., and maintain their research and development skills.
Precursive and forward-looking research directions: (1) Enterprise communication market boards: combined growth rates of approximately 40.2 per cent for 2023-2028 for the i server and the relevant hpc product (excluding board) have opened up new growth opportunities for the pcb market, as well as for the pcb enterprise, according to the prismmark projection
The rapid development of the ai also drives profound changes in the data centre exchange market. Traditionally, data centre switch expenditures have been used mainly to connect to the front end network of the common server, yet artificial intelligence and high quality to calculate cluster connections require a data centre size architecture, namely, an artificial smart back end network, and a front end network.
External capacity to support back-end deployment is projected to be sold over the next five years (2025-2029) or more than $180 billion under a dell'oroggroup exchange. We expect the corporate communications market board operating in 2025-2027 to be (2) autoboards: according to data from the Chinese Automotive Association and the Chinese Automobile Industry Association, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles is at:
In 2024, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles globally reached about 20% and 40.9% in China, respectively, and there is much room for higher penetration overseas. As the penetration rate of new energy vehicles increases, the value of pcb will be boosted.
The global automobile electronics market in 2024 was about $268 million, a decrease of 5.0 per cent; growth is expected to resume in 2025, an increase of about 2.0 per cent; and the following companies are expected to be selected as comparable companies: bio-for-profits provide customized pcb products to customers: the winning technology profession.
Development, production and marketing of high-density printed circuit boards, product coverage of rigid circuit boards (multilayers and hdi are at the core), flexible circuit boards (single double panels, multilayers, scratching boards), full series of applications in the areas of artificial intelligence, motor electronics (new energy), new generation of communication technologies, large data centres, industrial interconnections, medical instruments, computers, aerospace, etc.; and technology for technology.
High standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability and autonomous production of high-end electronic materials such as high-end, high-quality, high-performance, high-reliability, semi-solidated, insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coatings of bronze, coated membrane, high-density, high-frequency high-speed, metal-based circuit boards, double-surface/multilayer flexible circuit boards, high-density soft-density electronic products
Sexual circuit boards, hdi boards, scratch boards, special materials pcb, etc., are the manufacturers of a small number of product types in the country covering rigid circuit boards, flexible circuit boards, and metal-based circuit boards. The medium- and long-term demand for end-to-end printed circuit boards continues to grow deep in intelligent driving and electrodynamic direction, with the company gradually de-escalating as it produces.
Under this heading, performance in the relevant areas is expected to continue to grow, covering for the first time, with an `additional' rating.