Qualified performance forecast, high demand for arithmetic, sustained performance event: 25-and-a-half-year performance forecast issued by the company, expected to be marketed in the first half of 25 years
q2 performance is expected to be excellent, with high demand from large overseas clients expected to continue to materialize. q2 Q2 Q2 Q1 shows a projected net profit of $888-98.8 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, accounting for an increase in the structural demand for the printing of circuit boards from emerging computing scenarios such as servers, artificial intelligence, etc.
Asic markets are booming, driving the further expansion of demand for pcb, and companies, as core suppliers to large-scale overseas households, will benefit fully from deep-farming high-level products and volume technologies. The expansion of capacity continues, looking at high-level products in terms of volume and releasing elasticity.
Large investments in key and bottleneck processes are expected to improve productive capacity effectively at 25h2. The high-end print circuit board extension project for artificial intelligence chips has been launched on 24 June. The first phase is planned to produce approximately 180,000 square metres of high-density high-density interlocking layers per year.
Total stock/flow (billions) Plan to produce approximately 110,000 m2 per year of high-density interconnection layers, with the total market value/flow to high-end products after delivery (billions)
At the same time, the company’s management may consult with the Executive Board of the Yellowstone Economics Development Zone on potential project investments, which may not exceed $3.6 billion. < < 24-year annual report on power shares: ai services <
High-end output provides incremental space >- - 2025 - < high growth continuity and product structure continues to be excellent.
5g opens up future growth, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.