Events: An announcement issued on 4 July, on the company's eighth board of directors' strategy committee, \triangleright
In view of the need for future business development of the subsidiary Yellowstone Electronics Ltd., it was agreed that management should be authorized to carry out indicative project investment consultations with the Executive Board of the Yellowstone Economic Technology Development Area. The delegation of authority would be as follows: between July 2025 and June 2031, within a total investment of up to 3.6 billion yuan renminbi.
Within, management could consult with the Executive Board of the Yellowstone Economic Development Zone on potential project investments, and sign a non-legally binding letter of intent and related documents. Kunshan+Yoki+Thailand invested three ways to demonstrate its commitment to expansion.
In the case of the Bong Quanshan extension project, the company plans to invest about RMB 4.3 billion in the construction of a high-end printed circuit board with an industrial smart chip of about 290,000 m2 per year. The first phase is planned to produce about 180,000 m2 of high-density interconnection layers per year, with a total investment of about RMB 2.68 billion; the second phase is planned to produce about 110,000 m2 per year of high-rises per year.
The project was laid in Kunshan on 24 June 25th. Yellowstone: the company has accelerated the transfer of products from pcbs in the 26th floor of the plant and from traditional car boards in the form of cellular electricity to Yellowstone in 24 years. This investment of $3.6 billion in potential projects in the form of yellowstone will be beneficial to the public.
The research assistant Lieber-language division further expanded its mid- and high-end capacity to form a combined investment portfolio of nearly $8 billion with the expanded production of Kunshan, with an expected effective improvement in the start-up of 2h25.
The expansion of the company’s production in and out of the country will help the company to defuse its short-capacity, provide a strong guarantee of performance release, and show the firm’s confidence in its future development. One’s demand is driven by higher performance, and a front class of bulk delivery.
Review: In 2024, the company’s communications market generated more than 90 per cent of its revenues, with its top growth engine, the 2h24 high-speed network switchboards and their accompanying routes becoming the fastest-growing segment of the company’s production of pcb products.
Quarter 2024: 3q24 performance is re-innovated, with high-end booster aipai servers and Hpc-related pcb products accounting for approximately 29.48 per cent; high-speed network switchboards and their accompanying circuits
In mid-2024, the company reported on its share of electricity (002463.sz) in 2024:
Continuous investment in research and development in data communications, high-speed network equipment, data centres, etc., to improve the signal of high-speed products 2q24 with high performance innovation and a significant increase in the profitability of the ai-disbursement, integrity, highly sophisticated structure, reliability, etc.
The company's 800g switch product is already in bulk for the 2023 annual evaluation of the company's share of electricity (002463.sz):
Goods, in support of 224gbps speeds, 1.6t switch products have been pre-developed. The bulk production of the scaleupnpc/cpc switch products began and the Ethernet 112gbps/lane box was exchanged for scaleout.
The machine-to-box switch has been delivered in bulk, the 224gbps product is currently being developed in conjunction with the client, the npo rating: q3 performance has improved significantly, and the switchboards for leading growth - 2023/ and cpo structures are being developed on an ongoing basis in conjunction with the client.
We take note of the company's manufacturing capacity and customer resource walls in the digital fields of gpu, asic, switchboard, etc., and the company will continue to benefit from the high-speed pcb demand from the ai and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.