q2 performance continues to be highly innovative and exchange pcb income has increased — semi-annual review in 2025  (002463.sz)
Incident: Corporate disclosure semi-annually in 2025. In the first half of 2025, the company generated $8.494 billion in net profits of $1.644 billion, an increase of 47.9 per cent in the same year q2 quarter, an increase of $4.456 billion in the same year, an increase of 56.91 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $920 million in the same year, an increase of 47.01 per cent in the same year, and a deduction of non-repatriation.
The demand for pcb is strong for artificial smart servers and high-speed network infrastructure, with company pcb operations generating $8,152 million, an increase of 57.2% over the same period, and one-quarter growth in continuous innovation. For Māori, the cost of equity incentives has increased significantly over the same period, and Thai factories have suffered losses.
The high-speed network exchange and related products, pcb products, are growing rapidly and investing actively in the expansion of productive capacity.
The company 2025h1 company ' s telecommunications board generated $6,532 million, an increase of 70.63 per cent. Of this amount, the ai-services and hpc-related pcb products increased by 25.34 per cent and accounted for about 23.13 per cent of the company ' s communications board receipts; the high-speed network exchanges and their accompanying routers grew by 161,4 per cent, or 16,4 per cent, of the relevant pcb products.
In terms of additional capacity, the company entered the small-scale production phase through technological changes in the first half of the year, with a loss of $96 million in the first half, delaying the rate of the company ' s communications board.
Four clients are in the certification and product import phase and are expected to be certified in the second half of 2025, with a significant reduction in the win-win ratio.
During the first half of the year, the company's ongoing business expansion and business improvement measures for Sze Weibo have been effective, with an increase of approximately 81.86 per cent over the previous year, representing a relative depth of 300 per cent.
Business income increased by about 159.63% on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a significant loss. 2025h1 Motors Board Māori Rate Investment Recommendation: Companies use medium- and high-end corporate communication boards, motor boards as core products, i and motor power, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a diligent approach, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been used in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.