Power supply shares: performance continued to grow in the first half of 2025, with demand strong in the ai area 47.50 per cent. Of this, pcb achieved operating income of about $8.152 billion, an increase of about 57.20 per cent over the same period, pcb ' s Māori share rate was significantly increased by the same ratio of equity incentives, Thailand ' s plant losses, etc.
• The rapid growth of the corporate communications board market and the continued expansion of corporate investment.
The business communications market board achieved operating income of about $6,532 million, a significant increase of about 70.63 per cent over the same period, with a similar increase of about 25.34 per cent for the i server and hpc-related pcb products, representing about 23.13 per cent of the corporate communications market board's operating income; high-speed network switches and their accompanying routers.
The related pcb product became the fastest growing segment of the company, with an increase of approximately 161.46 per cent in comparison with the previous year, accounting for about 53.00 per cent of the corporate communications market’s operating income.
The product and output structure responded quickly to short-term market demand; on the other hand, a new high-end printed circuit board extension project, with a total investment of approximately $4.3 billion in artificial intelligence chips, began construction in early June 2025 and is expected to start in the second half of 2026 and gradually upgrade its capacity.
• Overseas production and distribution secures key client packages, and research and development continues to build on the small-scale production phase in the second quarter of 2025, which has not yet produced much, while costs have increased significantly, with a loss of about $96 million in the first half of 2025.
In Thailand, the production base in Thailand has been officially recognized by two customers, and four others have accepted 1.00 shares: data centre and car pcb.
The successful operation of the Thai production base is a key component of the company’s strategic layout abroad.
For its part, the company is making every effort to improve its production efficiency and product quality, and as customers expand and products are imported into the company's communications board market lead enterprises, their production capacity will gradually be released in an orderly manner, and the production of high-end products will be further validated.
In the first half of 2025, in the area of data communications, arithmetic networks, data centres, companies focused on the research and development of core technologies needed for a generation of high-speed, high-quality products around high-power, high-banded lines.
In terms of density, high-speed and high-frequency, continuous investment in research and development in signal integrity, power supply integrity, high-secret and complex structures, reliability, ultra-low-depletion and very low-depletion, and higher-level material processing processes, there are currently 224 gbps based on this component of computing products in cooperation with a number of domestic and international head companies.
Quick-rate platform products; in the web-exchange product segment, 1.6t switches have entered client sampling and recognition for robust growth in the automobile board market, continuing deep cultivation towards autopilot and electrification. In the first half of 2025, the company ' s car board achieved operating revenue of approximately $1,422 million, a year-on-year increase.
24.18 per cent of them, including company millimetre wave radars, autopilot aids using hdi, and smart cabin domain controllers, ceramics buried, thick copper, p2pack and other emerging car panel products, which grew by approximately 81.86 per cent from approximately 37.68 per cent in 2024.
And business improvement measures have been effective, with a significant increase of about 159.63% in business income over the same year, with sales of p2pack products growing about 400.69% over the same period, resulting in a significant decrease in success.
With the improvement of the company’s business performance and the further optimization of the company’s product structure, the Māori rate of the company’s automobile business has increased by 0.2 percentage points over the same period.In the area of auto-electronics, in the first half of 2025, companies continued to auto-driving auxiliaries and electrification.
These areas are further developed around more reliable materials, fine circuits, plating capabilities at higher depths, higher class hdi capabilities, smaller laser aperture processing capabilities, higher alignment, embedded power chip technology. Deep participation in client pre-design and validation, tight.
In line with trends in the automobile industry, to improve technical capacity and suitability, to enhance accurate technical support and long-term business cooperation with clients, to gradually adjust the product and capacity structure, to key suppliers, considering the profitability of the company ' s products and the continued robust growth of its harvests,
The company continuously expands the performance of its servers. Maintains the “buy-in” rating.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.