High corporate performance, high demand for cars and new applications - company event evaluation report for  (002463.sz) hepc@cfsc.com.cn
Energy release + structural optimization, with high growth in the performance of company 2025h1 The company achieved operating income of $4,456 million in the second quarter of 2025, compared to the increase in the same period The high growth is due mainly to the requirements of the company ' s communications market boards (ai servers, hpc, etc.)
In terms of profitability, 2025h1, the company’s pcb plate overall Māori ratio is 20.5h1.
36.46 per cent, with a slight decrease of 1.49 pcts over the same period, the Māori rate for motor panels is 37.83 per cent compared to Bíti, which is higher than 28.96 per cent of domestic sales, indicating that companies have greater cost control and premium capacity in overseas markets.
It is now strong, with a net cash flow of $2,097 million for company operations, an increase of 75.63 per cent over the same period, reflecting the higher profitability of the share of the power plant.
In the first half of 2025, the company ' s share pcb generated about $8.152 billion, representing a total revenue of 95.98 per cent, an increase of 57.20 per cent over the same period.
The revenue was about $6,532 million, an increase of 70.63 per cent, a total income of 80.13 per cent for pcb, an increase of $1,422 million for motor panels, a 24.18 per cent increase in the same year, or 2.43 per cent for pcb.
Hpc-related pcb revenues increased by 25.34 per cent over the same period; high-speed network switches and fittings increased by 161.46 per cent over the same period, accounting for 53.00 per cent of the company ' s communications market board operating income, the fastest-growing segment of the company.
On the other hand, business income grew by 24.18 per cent over the year, and income from new and emerging products grew by 81.86 per cent over the year, accounting for 49.34 per cent of total motor panel income, which became a key force for overall revenue growth, demonstrating the company's leading role in the two high-growth races, i.e., auto-electronics.
During the first half of 2025, the share of the power plant continued to increase its research and production in the area of communication boards.
The company develops new and practical patents, focuses on high-level production capabilities and advanced material technology, and strengthens its technology in hypervelocity signal, high power density and high reliability applications.
In the area of ai servers and hpc, companies have taken the initiative to upgrade their capacity to respond to demand on the one hand: implementation of critical process upgrades and bottlenecks, upgrading of manufacturing flexibility and process caps, and further strengthening of the delivery capacity of high-end products
Rapid response to short-term market demand; on the other hand, construction began late in the month with a total investment of about RMB 4.3 billion, and it is expected to start in the second half of 2026 and gradually increase capacity. In addition, Thailand’s base suffered a gradual loss of $96 million due to cost factors.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that production will be gradually released, enabling companies will build a better global supply chain and enhance global delivery capacity.
The company's 2025h1 car board achieved operating income of approximately RMB 1,422 billion, compared to the same amount in the electronic car plate, mm wave radar, hdi autopilot aids, intelligence.
The rise in income of about 81.86 per cent over the same period, which accounts for the increase in revenue from motor panels, helps enrich the structure of the company's products and deepens and increases in the area of growth.
The combination of driving, smart cabins, electrodynamics, etc., reflects the company’s strategic location of high-end cars, pcb. At the same time, the power-consumptions company has been working to expand and transform its operations.
As a result of the initiative, business income increased by about 159.63% in the first half of 2025, with a 400.69% rise in the same year in middle-p2pack products and a significant reduction in losses. Not only did the company’s remarkable performance and profit recovery continue to improve.
As a whole, the company has developed a systematic layout for the electronics sector through product diversification, the optimal operation of its subsidiaries, and technological inputs.
The new energy car and smart cabin markets continue to warm, and the car pcb board is expected to be an important engine for growth in corporate performance. Technology upgrades and precision global layouts, constantly optimizing product structures and releasing high-quality products.
Yes, to lay a solid foundation for growth. On this basis, companies are expected to seize the structural opportunities in the electronics market for a suitors and cars, achieve strong growth, cover up for the first time, and rate “buy-in” investments.
Macroeconomic cycle disturbances: Unsettled plants face challenges in terms of laws and regulations, the business environment, cultural differences, etc., which may lead to higher costs as a result of the initial climb in capacity; material supply and price volatility.
The Electronic Communications Group presents Lu Jooyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, 4 years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Xuan: Bachelor of International Political Economics, University of Hayashida, Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023
Ishi Joon-hoon: Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong, two degrees in actuarials and statistics, University of New South Wales, where research is directed towards pcb. This reflects my research perspective. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.