On May 25th, Henry Medicines announced a brief new drug application for an iodized ksalol injection fluid.
(anda, i.e. U.S. generic application) was approved for production and sale on the U.S. market for 180-day exclusive market period. Iodine gramol injection fluids were approved for listing in the U.S. in 1996 and in China in 2001. No generic pharmaceutical products have been approved abroad.
The company’s iodized salamol injection fluid was the first drug to be approved for listing in the United States of America. Following this approval, the company’s iodized salamol injection will receive a 180-day market monopoly under the US competitive pseudotherapy program.
Internationalization progresses, pd-1 international multicentres. Iodine ksalol is expected to cover the loss of collection abroad.
2. The Innovation Transition Period, which insists on increasing investment in research and development, was approved in the United States and won 180 days of market monopoly on the iodized gsalol fluid, which is expected to compensate for the post-harvest losses through overseas municipal revenues.
3. Repurchase of shares to improve employee incentives, highlighting the company ' s trust, and a combination of strategies to promote internationalization. By the end of 2021, the company ' s products had reached more than 40 countries, and more than 20 of them, including injections, oral preparations and inhaled anaesthesia, had been acquired on Euro-American Day.
International Multi-centre iii Clinical Trials for the Treatment of Hepatic Cancer with Carreley Pearl Anti-Apadoniopate. 5. Innovative Medicines Fully Incorporated into Health Care.
The test has reached the main clinical endpoint, and it is planned to submit communication applications for new medicines to fda in the near future. Companies continue to scale up their internationalization strategy, imitating medicines and innovative medicines complement each other, and growth in overseas cities is expected to become a new growth point for companies’ performance.
▪ Increased competition leads to less than expected risks from sales, less than expected risks from the acquisition and negotiation of health insurance, more innovative drug research, less than expected risks from internationalization processes, loss of core personnel, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment