The short-term effects of the collection of medical organisms in Heung Swe (600276) have continued, with innovation and internationalization fast-tracking of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
The impact of price reductions in the collection and health-care negotiations continues to be demonstrated. Companies continue to add up to innovation. With both income and profit increases, they embrace innovation strategically and comprehensively, and the pipeline is becoming increasingly available. The company is currently working on 65 projects, leading and supporting more than 250 clinical projects, both domestically and internationally, including protac, adc, doubles.
Innovative projects such as antibodies, gene therapy, and mrna. The company’s progress in research and development is in line with expectations: 1) new drugs approved in 2021: sea traiphopa ethanol tablets, sglt2 inhibitor stellar tablets, cdk4/6 inhibitor Dalcillide hydroxyethyl sulfonic acid, increased to 10.
2) In 2021, new adaptive disorders were approved: pd-1 treated for second-line and above snort cancer, first-line nasal cancer, first-line non-small-cell lung cancer, first-line cavity cavity cancer, with a total of 8 new adaptive disorders, which are currently the highest national production of pd-1; and the second adaptive condition of the fluorine pali capsule.
The treatment is approved for adults with ovarian ovarian cancer, tubal cancer or primary peritoneal cancer with platinum-sensitive re-occupancy, and is maintained after complete or partial decomposition of platinum treatment: the third adaptive disorder with thiphenylsulfonate silvill is approved for use in whole body anaesthesia induction and maintenance.
To accelerate the process of internationalization to build a global innovation system. In 2021, the company conducted nearly 20 international clinical trials (of which there were 7 international multi-centre projects), the injection of Carmostin was approved for listing in the United States and Australia, one application for the registration of raw materials was submitted to the United States, and six applications for the listing of preparations were sent to Europe and the United States.
1. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Pd-1 joint Apadeni programme for the treatment of terminal liver cancer submitted to fda in 2022. Presently, performance, comprehensive embrace of innovation and internationalization
The company has received 21 registered batches including injections, oral preparations and inhalants on Euro-American Day....A further formulation product has been approved on a temporary basis in the United States.
The third generation of resistance cd 20 million yuan, ps 0.78/9/1.09 yuan, corresponding to 42 x 36 x 30x. The ratio of innovation drugs has been rising, innovation has been accelerating, innovation internationalization is about to change, and it is still a domestic drug of innovation.
3. Heung Swe Medicines (600276) Punabrin - Co-operative New Era of Bd (2021-08-30) 4. Heung Swe Medicines (600276) Multi-factors influence short-term trades
Performance, innovation internationalization will be subject to transformation (2021-08-22) Assumption 1: The combined effects of anti-cancer medicines are decreasing and Māori rates are maintained at 90 per cent with sea traippa ethanol tablets, stellar squids of amino acid and annual sales at 17 per cent, 20 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively;
Assumption 2: The collection effect of anaesthesia will diminish after 2023, as products such as Rama Xiallon continue to be released, and Novo will not receive, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of, nor as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.