The pharmaceutical health research centre Rivilu ammonium tablets were approved, the innovation drug was gradually gaining harvest, and on June 29, the company issued an announcement that a new type of Riviru ammonium would be developed on its own initiative.
The first national product, with better central nervous safety, has a remarkable effect on mhspc. Raveru is the first China to develop a new male hormone receptor (ar) inhibitor, and has made important innovations in the molecular structure of the drug, making the blood-cerebral barrier permeable at the same time that the drug has an abstinence.
The results of a multi-centre, random, cross-referenced clinical study chart showed that the treatment of mhspc with high tumor loads in Rivirum could be significantly prolonged compared to standard treatments.
In order to finish the survival period (rpfs, based on independent screenings), death and illness were determined to be the Fda orphan drug in Haicupa - a 42.0 per cent and 53.9 per cent reduction in risk in Heung Swe, respectively; at the secondary and exploratory endpoints, the Riviramine group patients
2. Based on the study, there are fewer inhibitors to the treatment of mhspc.
Go, Riviroamine has been recommended for csco guidance level (1a type of evidence). There are currently two new alpha inhibitors for mhspc adaptations globally, while only one in the country is currently approved in 2020.
Raviramine is expected to provide new treatment options for prostate cancer patients in China. In addition, Riviramine is undergoing an international multi-centre, random iii-phase clinical treatment for high-risk prostate cancer during the surgery period.
A strong push for science, technology, innovation, and internationalization strategies is expected to lead to a fallback in performance in the second half of the year. Currently, 11 innovations have been marketed by companies, more than 60 have been clinically developed, and health care negotiations are under way this year.
5. "Innovation transition period, insistence on increasing R & D inputs, the company will have three new products, Dar Silly, Henglei, Rivirum, and pd-1, HUNGRY Annual Medical Report, 2022.4.24.
In addition, by the end of 2021, the company’s products had reached more than 40 countries with nearly 20 international clinical trials, and growth in overseas markets was expected to be a new growth in company performance.
Increased competition is expected to lead to less than expected marketing risks, less than expected marketing and health-care negotiations, innovative drug research risks, less than expected internationalization processes, loss of core personnel, etc.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment