The Center for Medical Health Research found that the Fda orphan drug was used for malignant neoplasm in the innovation transition and in the international announcement of Heung Swe medicine on June 14 by the company ' s innovative meds.
In June 2021, the company's autonomous production of sea cythopaedic ethanol ammonium was marketed in the country for sugar hormones, immunoglobin, etc.
Treatment of non-reactive adults with chronic primary immunosophiliasis (itp) and treatment for severely impaired regenerative anaemia in immunosuppressive treatments.
At the end of 2021, Haetrapopa ethanol tablets were negotiated for inclusion in the health insurance catalogue.
2. Iodine Ksalol was first approved in the United States, imitated in combination with a combination that increases the risk of haemorrhage among patients, increases the length of hospitalization, and can lead to lower doses of chemotherapy, delay in time, and even termination of treatment, thus affecting anti-cancer effects. At present, the United States has only reorganized itself.
Meso-11 (rhll-11) was approved for treatment cit, but ceased production in 2016. 3. Internationalization is on schedule, pd-1 International Multi-Centre fda orphan drug is found to be promising to accelerate clinical and marketing progress.
The iii phase of the treatment cit was approved for use in the United States. With this qualification for orphan medicine, it will be possible to 4. Innovate the transition period and insist on increasing research and development investments that will accelerate progress in clinical trials and their public registration, while at the same time benefiting from the tax on clinical costs.
In addition to the policy of exempting new drug applications, exempting products from the cost of new medicines, granting them seven years of market monopoly, and so on, the Chitt study is being carried out in the country, Europe, and Australia.
5. Repurchase shares to improve employee incentives, show corporate confidence, push ahead with science, technology and innovation and internationalization strategies, with the prospect of a fallback in performance in the second half of the year. Currently, 10 innovations have been marketed by companies, more than 60 are being clinically developed, and corporate innovation is expected.
In addition, by the end of 2021, the company’s products had entered more than 40 countries, carrying out nearly 20 international clinical trials, and growth in overseas markets is expected to be a new growth point for the company’s performance. Companies are expected to be on track in the second half of the year.
Increased competition leads to sales below expected risks, collection and negotiations on health insurance below expected risks, innovative drug research risks, internationalization processes below expected risks, loss of core staff risks, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment