The Rivirus tablets have been marketed and the innovative pipeline continues to materialize at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: In recent days, the National Drug Surveillance Authority has approved the listing of a new type of drug, Rivirum (commodity name: Irene ), developed autonomously for the treatment of transferary hormone-sensitive prostate cancer (mhspc) with high tumor loads
Rivirus is a second-generation intellectual property inhibitor for the development of Hinshire medicine, with a much stronger ar inhibitor than the first. Rivirum was approved mainly on the basis of multi-centre, random, cross-referenced ii clinical studies (chart), and Riviroam is a combination of aggressiveness.
The combination of metre deprivation therapy (adt) and standard treatment (adt) with a total of 654 patients, with 90.4 per cent of the country ' s patients, results show that Rivirum can be significantly prolonged compared to standard treatment, with a reduction of 42.0 per cent and 53.9 per cent in the risk of death and progress of disease, respectively, compared to the main endpoints of Os and rpfs.
And on the exploratory endpoints, including the rpfs assessed by the researchers, the progress to the prostate antigens (psa), the time of the next bone-related event, the start of the next anti-prostate cancer, the objective mitigation rate, the psa response rate, the psa failure rate and the quality of life, also showed significant benefits for the Raviramine group.
There are now six non-suppressants such as Bicaramine, Nzaruamine, and in China, Bicaramine, Nzaluamine, Apatamine and Darotam, but there are two new types of mhspc-adapted inhibitors in the world.
Only one in the country was approved in 2020, and Rivirum has been recommended by the Chinese Clinical Oncology Institute (csco) Prostate Cancer Clinical Guide (2022nd edition), which is expected to provide new treatment options for patients with prostate cancer in China.
A strategic and comprehensive embrace of innovation, with huge pipelines gradually coming to fruition. The company has 65 projects that lead and support more than 250 clinical projects at home and abroad, including protac, adc, double/multi-specific projects.
Innovative projects like antibodies, gene therapy, mrna, and so on. As Rivirum was approved for the market, public Heung Swe medicine (600276), the sodium sodium phosphorus drops were first on the market, and the strategy of integration was deepened.
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Iodine gsalol injects liquid beauty, the country's first name on the market, and internationalization continues to advance.
(2022-05-26) The impending qualitative shift in the internationalization of medicines remains the preferred option for domestic investment in innovative medicines, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Innovation and internationalization fast-tracking (2022-04-25) performance, full embrace of innovation and internationalization Heung Swe medicine (600276): bd introduction of renewed efforts.
The third generation of cd20 resistance (2021-09-06) 6. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Punabrin - Company vs.
Foreign bd Cooperation New Era (2021-08-30) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.