Iodine gram sarcophagus is the best on the market in the United States, and internationalization continues to advance the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Incident: In recent days, the company’s application for a simple new drug for iodized salol injection to the United States of America (anda, US iodized drug application) has been approved. The company’s iodized salol injection is the first drug approved for listing in the United States and is expected to rely on the 180-day market
The iodized sarcophagus fluid is a short product in the United States, which has not been marketed abroad, and the company's product is the first United States-approved generic product. The global sales of iodized salafol-related agents in 2021 were about $873 million, root.
According to the United States cgt (competitive pseudotherapy) Act, companies are expected to rely on 180-day market periods and high value for money to rapidly raise their market share. Iodine-gram salbutamol injection fluids are more safe and comfortable, reducing the incidence of renal disease in the film agent.
Iodine gram salol injection fluids are x-line contrasters applicable to adult and child arteries digitally infused angiography, cardiovascular, exterior arteries and veins, internal arteries, brain arteries, head and body circulatory imaging, excretionary urinary arteries, coronary vascular imaging.
The body contraster, which is more safe and comfortable than the other high-permeability contrasts, reduces the incidence of shadow agent kidney disease and is therefore used by the American Cardiology Institute as an international clinical trial for coronary intervention of high-risk cardiovascular populations (of which the International Multicentric iii Phase Project 7) for the injection of Carmostin in the United States and Australasia.
Lia was approved for listing, one application for registration of raw materials was submitted to the United States, six formulations were submitted to Europe and the United States, and pd-1 joint Apadaleni plan for the treatment of terminal liver cancer was submitted to fda nda/bla in 2022. At present, company products have been acquired on Euro-American Day, including injections, oral preparations and inhalation.
More than 20 registered batches, including intoxicants, have entered more than 40 countries and continue to accelerate global innovation and internationalization rapid advance (2022-04-25).
Performance, a comprehensive embrace of innovation and internationalization, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The third generation of cd20 resistance (2021-09-06) 4. Heung Swe medicine (600276): Punabrin - Company vs.
bd A new era of cooperation (2021-08-30), in which internationalization of innovation is expected to change (2021-08-22) No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.