Yearly Report 2021 and Quarterly Review 2022: Aggregation, gradual digestion, innovation into a virtuous circle  Events: Heung Swe Medicine released performance reports 2021 and 2022 q1 and became operational in 2021
The impact of price reductions, increased competition for innovation, price increases for original supplements, and the new crown epidemic. The complex environment and increased competition for homogeneity: the decline in profits was mainly due to: 1) the cumulative study of generics in 2021, with a total of 28 varieties, with an average decrease of 73 per cent in the winning price, the selection of 18 varieties,
Three batches, the fifth of which involved 6.3 billion revenues; 3) a 85 per cent decrease in the price of the Kareli Pearls and a 68 per cent decrease in the price of the Acetamine; 4) an increase in the price of the main raw materials and a constant increase in energy sources such as electricity, steam and other items; and 5) high operating and personnel costs.
• Strong strategic fixation, focused on drug innovation: companies continue to make steady progress in science, technology and innovation and internationalization, with research and development inputs totalling $6.200 billion in 2021, with 24 per cent of the revenue (capitalization ratio immuno-diseases, pain management, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, infectious diseases, respiratory diseases, etc.)
There are also extensive layouts in the fields of blood disease, nervous system disease, and in 2021, the company developed the innovative meds of HYDRA, the stellar silicon of ammonium sulfonic acid, Dalcily of hydroxyethyl sulfonic acid, Heung Swe Medicine (600276), mid-2021.
The company has increased its listing to 10 items of innovation medicine.
▪ The research and development system is an efficient and innovative virtuous cycle: in the development of innovative medicines, a virtuous cycle has been created, essentially in the form of a public, clinical, and development package, with a team of over 5,400 people forming a strong autonomous research and development capacity. Four new medicines and three new adaptive disorders have been submitted to Nda:
Heung Swe Medicines (600276) 2020 (ari) mhspc, dpp-4i)t2dm and shr-8008 (cyp51) vvc, new adaptive conditions for products already on the market include her2+bc new accompanied by herlgaini, Ramacon
The company carried out nearly 20 international clinical trials, with a large international R & D input and robust growth in performance.
Project 7 of the Centre ' s phase iii, a study by the International Multi-Centre for the Treatment of Late Hepatic Cancer in the Kareli Pearls Unit, iii, is scheduled to be handed over to fda in 2022.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Innovative Crafts in the Global Perspective due to the influence of bulk purchasing, increased competition, the new crown epidemic, etc.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board