On June 6th, Heung Swe's medicine announced that the company's margaritas had been approved against the trajectorized beads.
On the same day, the company proposed to co-sponsor a partnership with the controlling subsidiary, Hindy Investments, the Hennessey Group, for the establishment of a private capital fund for biopharmaceuticals in Shanghai.
She's the first country to produce her 2/3/4 drug. She's the first to develop her 1/2/4 drug autonomously in China. In 2018, she was approved by Nmpa with data from the ii clinical study, in 2019 she was included in the National Health Insurance, and in 2020 she was given two.
The results of the iii study (phynix, phoebe) were fully approved for listing, and the United Capitas used 1. Iodine gram sarcophagus (the US) as an example of a combination of her 2-positive, overcooked or transferred breast cancer patients.
The new aid has been approved to facilitate pre-meditation. The new aid is the second one approved for Tritonini, and 2. " Internationalization progresses on schedule, pd-1 international multi-centre. "
"Inventive transition period, insist on increasing research and development investment.
The positive results of the bed study (hr-bltn-iii-neobc, pedra) were approved conditionally.
4. Repurchase of Shares to Improve Employee Incentives, which highlights the company ' s letter of credit, brings the sum of $2.01 billion that the company has pledged to contribute, with the investment of $10 million as gp, to boost the science, technology and innovation and internationalization strategy, with the prospect of a rollover in the second half of the year.
5. In addition, by the end of 2021, more than 40 products of the company had entered the harvest period.
The country, with a total of nearly 20 international clinical trials, is expected to see growth in overseas markets becoming a new performance growth point for companies. With the gradual spread of corporate innovation medicines and the growth of overseas markets, firms are expected to turn out to perform in the second half of the year.
▪ Increased competition leads to less than expected risks from sales, less than expected risks from the acquisition and negotiation of health insurance, more innovative drug research, less than expected risks from internationalization processes, loss of core personnel, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment