Center for Medical Health Research, Internationalization as scheduled, pd-1 International Multi-centre iii successful.
The international multi-centre iii clinical trial for nicotine was determined by an independent data-monitoring committee, and the results of the main research endpoints met the programme’s stated standards of efficacy. The international multi-centre clinic was diversified.
Random contrasts, openness, international multi-centre iii clinical studies to assess the effectiveness and safety of patients who have not received systematic treatment for the Kareli Pearl Unit against Apadeni against Pokolafeni, which have not been treated systematically, with the participation of 95 centres in 13 countries and regions around the world.
The first international multi-centre ii clinical study was conducted by the company. 1. The Innovation Transition Period, which insists on increasing research and development investment to reach the endpoints of pfs and os, and to qualify for fda orphans.
Period (pfs) and total survival (os), with secondary endpoints including disease progress time (ttp), objective delay 2. Repurchase shares to improve employee incentives, highlighting corporate trust resolution (orr), disease control rate (dcr), objective mitigation duration (dor), safety
The results show that the first-line treatment of Plfs and os of terminal hepatocyte cancers against the Apadeni vs. Pio Lafini is a significant extension, and the detailed results of the study have been submitted to the European Tumour 3.
Based on this study, Carrell Pearl is eligible for the U.S. Fda orphan drug for anti-treatment of late-stage hepatocyte cancer.
The company has completed a number of rounds of communication with the United States.
The company has established R & D centres in China and the United States, Europe, Australia, Japan, with over 5,400 R & D teams, of which more than 170 overseas R & D teams.
At present, the company has conducted nearly 20 international clinical trials, seven of which are international multi-centre projects and more than 10 studies are in the preparatory stage. As the internationalization process progresses on schedule, the revenue from overseas market sales is expected to become a new performance growth point for the company, and the company’s innovation medicine is gradually gaining ground.
▪ Increased competition leads to less than expected risks from sales, less than expected risks from the acquisition and negotiation of health insurance, more innovative drug research, less than expected risks from internationalization processes, loss of core personnel, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment