Heung Swe Medicine (600276) is a medical creature, and the sodium sodium phosphorus drops are on the market, creating a combination of strategies to deepen the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Incident: In recent days, the company subsidiary, Chengdu Sindi Medicines Ltd., received a Certificate of Registration for Medicines, approved by the National Drug Surveillance Authority, authorizing the listing of diqualone sodium sodium phosphorus drops in the chemical pharmaceutical category 4 for dry eye patients diagnosed with eye damage on the corneal membranes with tear-gas abnormalities.
• The company’s marketing of sodium phosphorus drops, which will provide new options for treatment for people with eye disease in China. The sodium phosphorus drops were originally developed by the United States pharmaceutical company Inspire, and in 1998 Japan acquired the right to develop and sell them in Japan and other countries in Asia.
In October 2017, China was approved for listing. Apart from the company, there is no other drug known as sodium phosphorus drop-eye imitation, which has been approved for listing, and the Chiru pharmaceutical industry, Xingyingy and Yangzijiang pharmaceutical industry, among others. According to the 2021 Eye Health and Dry Eye Pharmacy Report, the incidence of eye disease in China is 21-30%, and it is growing by age.
The disease rate is increasing, and dichotophos sodium drops will provide new options for the treatment of Chinese stem eye patients. Sticky protein is a key factor in maintaining and upgrading the steadyness of the tear membranes, and sodium phosphorus sodium can contribute to the elimination of tear fluids containing water and viscous.
An imbalance in the micro-eye environment can be accompanied by eye-based inflammation, tissue damage and neurologic abnormalities, causing multiple eye receptors, increasing calcium ion concentrations in cells, promoting the partitioning of tear fluids containing moisture and viscous, and bringing the tear fluids closer to normality, both qualitatively and quantitatively, and thus improving the upper skin damage of the corneal membranes.
The company has already been approved for the domestic market for Irishamb, Apadal acid, and 65 projects in the development of innovative drug lines, including highly innovative projects such as protac, adc, dual/multi-resistant, gene therapy, mrna.
New and improved medicines will be the future growth point of the generic market, with companies fine-tuning the layout of high-quality generics, accelerating the pace of fda and EU certification of generic pharmaceutical preparations, and enhancing the global marketing of home-grown preparations.
The country is listed for the first time, and internationalization continues to advance by billions of dollars, corresponding to 42 x 36 x 30 x. The ratio of innovation drugs is rising, innovation is accelerating, innovation is about to change in quality, remains the preferred option for domestic investment in innovation medicines, and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
2. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): collection of short-term impacts sustained, innovation and internationalization fast-tracking (2022-04-25) performance, comprehensive embrace of innovation and internationalization
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): bd Introduction of Reaction, Theo Third Generation Cd20 Resist (2021-09-06)
5. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Punabrin - The New Era of Corporate Cooperation with External bd (2021-08-30), Internationalization of Innovation will be a challenge (2021-08-22)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.