China Group (002311.sz)
In the first half of the year, H7n9 was affected by the flu, and the live poultry market as a whole was low.
The company's share of the market during the overall low price of the poultry feed market, which is expected to grow faster in 2018;
Development of space. In addition, with the expansion of the company ' s pig-breeding business, the in-depth understanding of pig-breeding, the extension of the vegetative technology service model and the expansion of the company ' s animal protection and vaccine operations, the rapid increase in the volume of pig sales will benefit from an increase in industry concentration;
(4) Aquatic feed sales grew by 18.33% over the same year, sales earnings by more than 30% over the same year, and the Māori rate by 2 percentage points over the same year. In the first half of the year, despite the severe outbreak of shrimp farming in the country, corporate sales of shrimp grains increased by more than 20% over the same year, and the Māori rate of products was higher.
Forage sales have increased by more than 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the Māori rate for animal health products in the company exceeds 50 per cent (1).
In the first half of 2017, corporate animal health products earned 213 million yuan, an increase of 35.12 per cent over the same year, and the Māori rate exceeded 50 per cent: (2) the company ' s produce consisted mainly of pig farming and aqueous seedlings, while in the first half of 2017 the company ' s agricultural product sales earned 603 million yuan, an increase of 40.05 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2017, the cost of marketing, management and finance for the company was 969 million yuan, an increase of 33.94 per cent over the previous year’s period of 723 million yuan. Of this amount, the cost of marketing was 467 million yuan, an increase of 38.90 per cent over the same period, and low prices for management 1, bulk agricultural products; 2, food safety events for agricultural products; 3, weather anomalies.
In 2012, the fifth member of the “Crystalball” industry, who was good at managing the industry cycle, studied dozens of listed companies in the field and was good at digging investment values, was a member of the Institute's marketing team.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and is based on the author's professional understanding. This report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party's approval or approval.