The acquisition of major groups and the strengthening of the North's operational layout The summary report/equity in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry became the controlling shareholders of the major groups.
The big group is based on Shandong, with high-end pig-powder technology leading by billions of yuan and a net gain of $22,24.4 million from the mother. The big group has a leading research and development centre in the country's industry, all of which are autonomous, with annual R & D costs exceeding $1 million, high-end, efficient and professional new products.
There is now a well-developed product system with high-quality pigs using full-priced and enriched materials as core products, with products distributed mainly in Shandong, Jiangsu, Hebei, Henan, Anhui, and all types of products in the market.
The Unit compares the trend to depth 300: (1) The acquisition of big groups can be further enhanced in the northern market through large-letter channels, with significant synergies. In addition, the big-letter group products are dominated by high-end materials, with companies reaching net interest rates in the first half of 2017.
This cash acquisition is valued at $500 million. According to the performance promise, 2018 pe, which achieved the acquisition in 2017, is about 8 x, and now 17.2 x in 2018, which is the value of the acquisition.
External M&As + built-in growth combined, with high performance growth rates The company is the leader of the feed industry, and the product structure has been optimized with a 35% increase in the first half of the year in net profit from the mother, while the core competitiveness of the product highlights the negative growth in guaranteed sales, rising by 14.55% from the same year.
By buying large groups of credit, the company’s profile in pig-breeding and pig-breeding has been improved to enhance its competitiveness in the northern market and to create complementarities. Moreover, firms’ stability in South-East Asian markets has led to strong local dominance of their products, leading to significant growth in performance.
The company is the best feeder for a steady growth, and the business layout is constantly being optimized, except for feed plates, farming and " Sea Group " (002311): optimized product structure, net 2. " Sea Group " (002311): semi-annual reviews, products.
The purchase price was not performing as expected, extreme weather events, disease risk, etc. The layout was significantly optimized, the feed taps accelerated, and the company's financial statement data projections were aggregated.
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,