Sea Group (002311), Agroforestry and Fishery Feeding Group, Sea Group: The advantages of industry are highlighted, contributing to rapid growth in performance
In the first half of 2017, the company released its semi-annual report for 2017. In the first half of 2017, business 1 and feed volume was increased and the product structure was further optimized. In the first half of the year, the company sold 3.7 million tons of feed, an increase of 14.55 per cent.
The main sources of growth in sales are from two sources: firstly, the high volatility of the pig and special aquatic industries, and secondly, the competitive advantages accumulated by companies themselves in terms of product power, industry layout, etc.
According to this, the increase in sales of the same amount as the increase in gross equity/flow (millions of shares) and the increase in the ratio of the same to the higher rate of shrimp and special high-end inflated feed has led to an increase of 2 percentage points in the ratio of the same to the same amount of water produced, leading to an overall increase in the ratio of the same amount of fodder.
The commodity pig business led to a high increase in income from agricultural operations.
During the reporting period, the agricultural sector generated revenues of $603 million, an increase of 40.05 per cent over the same period.
In the regions of Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, etc., the distribution of land in China and South-West has been evaluated: one wing, development in synergy.
2017/03/03 It is expected that future pig-breeding operations will continue to maintain the momentum of rapid growth in the context of future planning layouts and operational performances simultaneously.
During the reporting period, the RMB achieved income of $213 million, and the development of a field-based operation has been at a high rate of growth. In the long run, it has benefited from a higher level of specialization in farming and the country’s food safety regulations, with the sector still in place.
Rapid growth phase. Corporate action to keep business thin, and growth is expected to continue at a high rate in the future.5 Risk factors. The increase in meat and feed sales has not been as high as expected, and the outbreak of disease has led to pigs, the Big Sea Group: the advantages of industry have been highlighted, driving rapid growth in performance.
Big China Group: The advantage of the industry is to drive rapid growth, big China Group: The advantage of the industry is to drive rapid growth.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.