The Big Sea Group (002311), which reports half-yearly in 2017, realized business income of 217h1 at $14,532 million, an increase of 25.06 per cent over the previous year; belonging to the parent company.
The net profit was 519 million yuan, an increase of 34.89 per cent, and eps 0.33 yuan, an increase of 32 per cent in the same year. Increased sales + structure, feed plate sizes, increased by 14.5 per cent in the first half of the year. The company achieved 3.7 million tons of feed sales in the first half of the year, an increase of 14.55 per cent in the same year. By product breakdown, poultry production was affected by h7n9 in the first half of the year, and the market was depressed, with a negative growth of 10.4 per cent.
The low-growth period, which depends on product power to take over the market, provides a solid basis for the recovery of the industry in terms of the release outbreak; the increase in the sale of pig stock has been 24.46 per cent, mainly as a result of the increasing level of large-scale farming and the deepening of corporate understanding of the pig-breeding industry; and the increase in the sales of aquatic materials has been 18.33 per cent higher than in the previous half of the year, and the optimal structure of aquaculture has been evident, with an increase of 2 percentage points in the Māori rate, with shrimp material in the context of the outbreak of shrimp disease in the first half of the year.
Sales grew by 20% over the same year, and sales of high-end inflated materials increased by more than 40% over the same year. We believe that the company’s livestock market continues to expand, with tons of water, while improvements in the Māori rate will continue to increase corporate profitability.
The rate has risen steadily to 50 per cent. A stable increase in the harvest of seedlings, the technological breakthroughs, and the gradual establishment of regional monuments. In the field of pig farming, the land layout has accelerated, with 220,000 entries in the first half of the year, an increase of 44 per cent over the previous period. We believe that dynamic protection, seedlings, breeding plates, on the one hand, provide new growth points for the performance of companies and, on the other hand, raise the level of profitability for farmers through a combination of seedlings and feed sales, and facilitate the deepening of the marketing of services.
We believe that the company as a whole has a clear approach to its development and that its feed business is moving forward steadily, benefiting from increased product power and scale farming and growing sales, while relying on extensive procurement experience and restructuring of the product structure to make a profit.
And the other plates are able to work in synergy with the feed plate, and the multiplicity of industrial chains provides a huge boost to corporate development, and the company will be able to move up the feed industry year by year, taking into account the synergies in performance associated with the extension of the company's industrial chain.
Master ' s degree in accounting for Eastern financial and intellectual booms. In 2008, the acceding countries became involved in research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in Anshin securities, in food and beverages, in 2013 in East Hing securities, in food and beverages, and in nine years in food and beverages.
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.