Events: In recent days, China Group published its mid-2017 report, which generated business income of $14,532 million in the first half of 2017, an increase of 25.06 per cent over the previous year; and its membership in the Shanghai Group (002311.sz)
One hundred million yuan, a change of 10-50 per cent over the same period, indicates changes in performance: 1) company precision product positioning, rapid linkage mechanisms landing, and the provision of a full range of farming solutions for farmers. The model promotes clear efficiency gains for farmers, which will lead to a sustained increase in the sale of company feed; 2) company profits are expected to remain at a high level of profitability for the company's main feed business during the period, except for the advantage of the "four-bit" product and the relative low prices of maize, beans and beans, which are the main raw materials.
The company has taken the lead in developing farming technology services in the industry since 2006, and has now evolved from a simple feed business to a single enterprise that can provide a comprehensive service for farmers, such as seedlings, dynamic insurance, farming technology services, and providing them with “seed seedlings - release models - environmental control - disease control - feed-feeding” information.
In order to ensure profitability, the current capacity of integrated farming technology services has become an expression of the company ' s core competitiveness, its ability to effectively access and enhance customer stickability, and has been the main reason for the negative growth of the dominant sector in the low downstream livestock sector during the reporting period.
Factors II: Product Structures. Company feed products are well-lined and can reach a full range of products, ranging from Māori to market differences to risk, different from one, product structure and optimization can effectively raise profitability and moderate performance risk fluctuations, and companies are superior in terms of business outcomes.
In 2016.11, the impact of the floods was eliminated, and the development of fast-tracking was higher than the industry average, avoiding the risk of market volatility caused by imbalances in supply and demand in some farming industries, thus ensuring that the feeder crop growth was stable and much higher than in the industry. In concrete terms, in the first half of 2017, corporate poultry feed was sold at the same rate during the industry’s low cereals (low prices, losses in meat/fellow farming, declining stock lines).
10.4 per cent; sales of pig feed increased by 24,46 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the excessive scale of pig farming accelerated, product power and technical services were more demanding, and the company's core competitiveness continued to be reflected in the continued high rate of increase in pig-food operations as the company's pig-breeding layout deepened; sales of water feed increased by 18,33 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with company sales of shrimp increasing by more than 20 per cent in the first half of the year in the case of an outbreak of shrimp farming, high levels of innovation in the Maori rate, and special high levels of expansion of feed sales by more than 40 per cent, and the Maori rate.
There has been a steady increase, with a marked improvement in the water feed structure during the first half of the year, with an increase of more than 30 per cent in the same harvest and a 2 per cent increase in the Māori rate.
In the first half of 2017, the main feed source of corn and soybean fell and fell, and the whole was low. On corn, it's short.
During the second half of 2017, there will be a period of continuous auctions of on-reserve maize, new seasons of maize on the market, and a relatively easy supply of domestic maize markets. In addition, after August, the deep processing industry will gradually enter the traditional season of overhaul, demand for maize will decrease, and maize prices are expected to fall in the course of the year. Soybeans, for their part, are subject to high domestic demand for traditional bean products, as well as an easing of international soybean supply and demand, and domestic bean prices will be limited, while international bean prices may continue to be explored.
In 2017/18, the volume of soybean single production was 49.4 per acre, higher than the estimate of 48 fules in the previous month ' s report, before the market expected the single production range to be down to around 47.0-47.5 fumes. The surface area of soybean single production remained unchanged, and the global supply and demand patterns of soybeans were further confirmed. According to the Usda Supply and Demand Report, the global inventory at the end of 2016/17 was estimated at 96.98 million tons, up from the July estimate of 94.78 million tons; and the global stock at the end of 2017/18 soybean year.
In addition, soybean imports continued to be innovatively high in 2017, with customs data showing that soybean imports in July were expected to increase by 10.8 million tons and soybean arrivals in August and September. As of August 14, the port of soybean imports had a stock of 6.92 million tons.
In the first half of 2017, the company raised $603 million, an increase of 40.05 per cent, compared with the previous year. The company \triangleright has signed strategic cooperation agreements with local governments in Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, etc. for future land resources.
The production of seedlings, which grew steadily during the reporting period and achieved significant technological breakthroughs in the autonomous development of the company ' s seedlings, has established a good reputation for future growth in the major farming areas of East and South China. During the reporting period, the company sold 213 million yuan, an increase of 35.12 per cent over the same period, with a Māori ratio of more than 50 per cent, with a preponderant focus on aquaculture, raising awareness of the importance of dynamic products and boosting demand as the level of specialization of farm farmers has increased.
\triangleright risk factors: sudden-onset catastrophic weather; industrial chain layout processes are not as good as expected.
KANG Qingdong, Beijing University, Guanghua School of Management, ba, entered the securities firm in 2000 for industrial and publicly-listed company analytical work. Years of research in the agricultural and food sectors have accurately captured the prices of sugar and pigs in recent years, and the situation in the domestic milk industry has been correctly judged.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.