The product layout has been significantly optimized, and the feed taps have accelerated, while the summary report/Agriculture, Forest and Fisheries has produced net profits of $519 million, an increase of 34.89 per cent over the previous year. Meanwhile, the company has issued a three-quarterly performance forecast, with a projected net profit.
Forage products are optimized, with a significant increase in profitability \triangleright percentage points. In this case, the advantages of pig products are constantly emerging, with sales increasing by 24.46 per cent in the first half of the year; and poultry production.
Core competitiveness highlights the negative growth in guaranteed sales, which rose by 10.4% the same year, and the recovery of the industry in the second half of the year will provide a further opportunity for profit. In aquatic products, the company’s introduction of functional resistance feed has had a remarkable effect, pulling up sales of shrimp feed is expected to grow by more than 20% on a year-on-year basis; and special water products such as big yellow fish, bass, goldfish, etc.
Field demand has increased, driving companies to special high-end inflated feed sales by more than 40% on the same basis. Aquatic feed structure has grown significantly, with total sales increasing by 18.33% on the same basis, sales earnings increasing by more than 30% on the same basis, and the Māori rate has become an important new profit growth point.
The company has continued its efforts in the field of conservation, creating a pattern of rapid growth based on aquaculture and livestock conservation. There has been a further increase in the development and application of sustainable products from the plate. The marketing of agricultural products is concentrated on pig farming and water seedlings. In the first half of the year, the company produced 220,000 pigs, an increase of 44%.
The distribution of land in regions such as Central and South-West is expected to grow 500,000 pigs throughout the year, maintaining steady progress. The seedlings are now growing steadily, showing bright seed quality, and boosting the increase in the sale of water feed.
Research and development inputs have been stepped up to steadily promote the development of overseas materials, farming, insurance, trade-oriented integrated operations, and the development of industry-wide technical services for farming. At the same time, overseas development strategies have been steadily advanced, based in Viet Nam, and are gradually opening up South-East Asian markets.
It's growing faster, and it's expected to reach 300,000 tons of sales in 2017. In 17 years, companies began to plant pig food overseas, the South-East Asian market is less competitive, the local competitive advantage of the company's products is evident, the incremental advantage of the company is a strong and growing leader, and the business layout is constantly improving, except for feed plates, farming and farming.
“Main Group” (002311), “Strengthly recommended” rating for “structural optimization” of industry dollars.
Chan Buru, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Convergence with the Democratic Securities Institute, which conducts research in light industry and listed companies. Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry, Fisheries, and Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economics.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.