Expanding the area of operations, upstate the pigs, taking stock of the Big Sea Group (002311) incident, the Big Sea Group.
The group is committed to achieving net profits for 17 years. 1. Expanding the distribution area to accelerate the northern distribution. South China is a traditional corporate advantage, with over 65 per cent of business income.
The North China region has less than 25% of the total income. The Da Niang Group is based in Qingdao, Shandong, with seven factories in Qingdao, Taiwan, Luang Yu, and Jiangsu, operating in more than one province with a good reputation for their products in the north. We believe that the Da Ni is Qin.
Joining will help companies to use their existing channels and product competitiveness in the north for a smooth expansion of feed products in the north. On the other hand, the company's pig-breeding layouts and pig production capabilities are highly influenced by the company's steady, steady-paced style of conduct.
The geographical synergism, the accession of Da-shin, which has led to a good product structure for the company's future South Hog North, and the upgrading of the front-end share, has now become a high-end product for the autonomous development of pig products, the main product of the Da-Hin Group.
The annual report reveals the ratio of income from pig concentrates, full prices of large- and medium-sized pigs, childcare materials and teaching tanks.
The condensed product is also dominated by milk, piglets, and the front end is relatively high. And the year-round review of the Sea Book: the industrial chain has a lot of flowers and performance is back on track, and the group itself has a strong procurement capacity and has a cost advantage in the production of the full price.
The combination of Fast Tracks 2017-04-27 helps companies to bring together the whole product line of the pig, and helps companies to take advantage of the technological advantages of self-directed research and development to further increase the share of the pig on the front end.
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the Sea Group (002311), which expands the area of operations to the north.
3 - Downstream integration, pig-plate acceleration. The company's pig-plum plate is at the late start relative to aqueous and avian materials, and is currently at a relatively low level, with the main distribution areas concentrated in the south of the country, with the greatest growth in the company's lines of operation.
As scale increases, business efficiency, cost control, and integrated services will be important factors in determining the profitability of companies. In the firm’s purchasing capacity industry, which is driven by a higher degree of size, the pig plate will become the main product category for the growth of corporate sales in the coming years. We expect the company to sell pork this year at 1.5 million tons, without taking into account the influence of the big groups.
We look forward to the firm's strong product and efficient management of procurement as a feeder for the white horse, and expect that after the acquisition, the company and the Da Niu group will be in the region, the source of the east's financial boom, the source of the east's financial boom.
China Grand Group (002311). Expanding the area of operations, Pork Steaming North, Master of Accounting, 2008 accession country securities in agriculture and food and beverages, 2011 ANXIN securities in food and beverages, 2013 East Hing securities in food and beverages, 9 years food beverages industry experience.
Research Assistant Introduction Qing Poetry Month Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.