On 20 September 2017, the group announced that it was planning to purchase 6 soldiers from Liu Jianjun, Haibo, Wang Yuzhen, Xing Fei and Yang Mingjun with their own funds at $2.987.6 million.
China Group (002311.sz) The sum of natural persons holding 60% of the shares in Shandong Dashin Group Inc., plus a performance commitment condition: the Great Constituency achieved net profits of no less than $10,000 in 2017 and net profits of no less than $230 million between 2017 and 2020. If the cumulative net profits of the year fall short of the promised profits, the performance pledge party moves forward that year.
Fanba has accumulated a net compensation to the company, which is limited to the total value of the targeted asset transactions.
Liu Xiao’s research assistant was discontinued on September 7, 2016. According to the Big News 2016 report, the series of concentrates has been growing for the third year in a row, while the pits and nursery feed have become the leading brand in the Solu region, and the pigfish has made a major breakthrough in 2016.
The company will receive multiple dividends when the acquisition is completed. First, the acquisition will help strengthen the position of the big group in the northern market.
\triangleright South China, followed by China China, North China, and East China, where the Northeast is still out of business.
In 2015, the Greater News Group achieved sales revenues of $9,035,581,000 in the East China region, $6,851,500 in the North East and $5,552,400 in the North China region. This created a clear regional complementarity with the Great Sea Group, which, after the acquisition, became a controlled subsidiary of the Great Sea Group and an entry point to the North.
Second, in the context of the strategic shift in farming, the market space of the North has been expanding, and growth is expected to accelerate. Under the influence of environmental policies and the promotion of a combination of breeding and breeding, the country’s bio-farming landscape is constantly changing, as demonstrated by the shift of the Southern Water Network region to the northern part of the region, where large environmental capacity and staple food production are located, and the “South Hog North” trend, in which the Northeast has become the focus of a strategic shift in the bio-pig industry based on resource and spatial advantages.
Further improvement, for feed-processing firms, the market space is wider, and the performance of the region is expected to increase faster. Moreover, after the acquisition is completed, the firm, relying on the model of Sindha Securities, Inc., strengthens the competitive position of its affiliates and raises the regional market position.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd Purchasing, Management and Information Technology (IT)
Finally, in conjunction with the integrated farming strategy, the company is building the basis for the production of pigs. The company is speeding up downstream pig farming, which, as noted earlier, has a natural advantage in the North with low costs of purchasing feed raw materials, high land resources, and environmental loads, and will also provide the basis for the company to plant pig farming in the North.
On the one hand, due to the failure of the raspberry auctions to meet market demand for good-quality maize and the fall in the value-added tax on agricultural products from 13 per cent to 11 per cent, the Ministry of Agriculture increased its estimated value of maize imports for the year 16/17 by 1 million to 2 million tons, and its balance of maize for the year 16/17.
In the medium-to-long term, prices will be kept under pressure. The Ministry of Agriculture, better affected by the climate in the main maize-producing area, is now upping maize single production this month, which is expected to be 5986 kg/ha in 17/18, an increase of 50 kg from last month’s forecast, and imports have increased from 1 million tons in last month’s forecast to 1.5 million tons in addition, while the remaining projections remain unchanged for the year.
Given the double-weight effect of reduced maize cultivation but insufficient stock digestion, we expect domestic maize prices to be pressured next year. Soybeans: the US Department of Agriculture (USA) monthly supply and demand report recently increased the volume of beans production in 17/18 to 49.9 fumes/acres per month, up from last month’s forecast.
With a limited impact on production, the accuracy of this month’s forecast is further enhanced, considering that the crucial period of production of beans in August has passed, and that the production of beans can be largely determined. The August USda supply and demand report projects an initial global inventory of 95.96 million tons of soybeans in 17/18, an end-of-period inventory of 97.53 million tons, a projected annual balance of 1.57 million tons of soybeans, a more relaxed supply, a downward trend in international soybean prices, and a widening gap in domestic and foreign prices.
The volume of soybean imports has been rising, with customs data showing that in July 2017 the country imported 10.809 million tons of soybeans, an increase of 31.2 per cent in the ring, an increase of 30.0 per cent in the same year, and in January-July the cumulative import of soybeans, 54.8891 million tons, an increase of 18.5 per cent, and imports of $23.02 billion, an increase of 27.2 per cent, according to the Ministry of Agriculture ' s August report on supply and demand for agricultural products, an increase of up to 250,000 tons. We believe that the global supply of soybeans in 2016/17 and 2017/18 is adequate, with international prices of soybeans or a continuation of the downward trend in the short term.
Both domestic and foreign price differentials will continue to widen, soy imports are expected to continue to rise, and domestic prices will be under downward pressure later on. Overall, the price of feed and raw materials for the second half of the year, or the bottom of the year, is expected to continue to improve.
Profit forecasting and rating: Once the acquisition is completed, the performance of the company will be directly enhanced, taking into account the greater space in the northern market and the competitiveness of the company in the context of synergies \triangleright Risk factors: the risk of uncertainty as to whether the acquisition will be completed; sudden and catastrophic weather; and the process of industrial chain layout that is not as predictable as expected.
Liu Xiao, Assistant for Agricultural Research, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Arts in Animal Sciences, University of Agriculture, China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for agricultural research. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for the portfolio advisory business, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.