Shanghai Lace (00252) Shanghai Lace Review Report: Acquisition of Nanyo organisms and progressive realization of the “Turray” strategy: On the evening of March 26, the company issued a report on the acquisition of shares in Nanyo Biopharmaceuticals Ltd.
In addition to the announcement of the signing of the Equity Transfer Agreement, which states that the company intends to buy 100 per cent of the stock of the southern creature for $4.2 billion in cash, the company is required to pay an additional controlr or $50 million at a price if the slurry volume of the southern creature reaches 305 tons in 2025.
In the province of Hunan, the only producer of blood products with gmp-licensed blood products produces 278 tons of slurry per year, with an average of more than 30 tons of slurry per station.
In addition, four of the high concentrations (10%) of Nanwo's organisms are synergizing and complementary to the company's existing superior resources.
The Helberg Enterprise has developed, and the “Turning” strategy is being realized. The Heel Group joined the company in June 2024, declaring it a “gain/flow” in its large health industry.
At this time, the company will own 12 of the 17 single plasma stations in Hunan province (including 2 branches), and the marketing networks and brand influence of Nanyo organisms will help the company to raise further.
"A profit model for the blood industry, looking at the geometry of its investments." 2024-12-02 Research Assistant: Liao-Iwau.
The White Market's impact risk, the risk of a fall in the price of blood products.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report