Beneficiary-based domestic income growth, large Māori rate (000977.sz) \triangleright
Billion dollars, 11.3% lower than the previous year, largely due to the decline in downstream demand this year against a high base in the first half of last year. At the same time, sub-regionally, 21 years of H1’s domestic revenue of $25.2 billion, compared to the long-term better demand for servers, will lead to a refilling cycle after one year’s digestion of downstream stocks.
In the second half of the year, the demand for alternatives to national production at the end of g was very high, with a likely rate of growth in corporate income in the second quarter, which is expected to be followed by a sustained recovery. Research and development inputs continued to increase.
The Māori rate has risen considerably. The Māori rate has risen by 13.39 per cent in 21 years, up by 1.51 pct.
In the 17-year-old high (centre/yearly), we believe that income from high rates of Maori products (as opposed to cloud servers for Internet customers), such as national production/ai servers, and company digitized management of supply chains, production, etc., will follow in the future/ai demand
The continued boom and companies’ continued industrial Internet applications have led to an increase in the Māori rate or steady rise. The loss of stock price falls and contract performance impairments has actually been reported as a reflection of the firm’s strong competitiveness.
During the period, the company experienced a decline in income and regular operations (both costs and operating costs) versus net interest rates
The disposal of bank property benefits 80 million yuan, leaving a balance of 3.62 billion yuan, 3. stock price falls and contract losses, and performance impairment losses are reduced by 350 million yuan. In our view, in the context of a short-term industry climate, companies have managed and expanded their markets through fine-tuning, and have succeeded in returning or reselling their stocks.
In essence, it is a reflection of corporate brand power, market influence. And if the future market is good, the public is likely to be able to grow fast as a domestic server.
\triangleright, according to the constant lowness, but we believe that: 1. The demand for servers in the context of the digitalization trend is long-term, with downstream stocks digested over the course of a year to meet the replenishment cycle; 2. The company is excellent as a leading supply chain
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is relatively high and less affected by upstream stock shortages; new architecture chips such as 3.arm compute cindasecuitiesco.,ltd
Larger applications are expanding, home-grown chips are opening up to development opportunities, server core parts are either nationalized or brought down at the cost of building No. 1 of the 9th House of Gospel Street, in Beijing City West Side.
Improved. The company is the leader of a domestic server, and the market climate is growing rapidly with a good margin, leading to an increase in valuations. The company is now in an undervalued position in its history and recommends that attention be paid to its \triangleright.
Period: 4, macroeconomic downside. Figure 5: Corporate Peband Lurie, University of Defense Science and Technology, full-fledged, research-oriented computer science. Six years of industry experience, formerly research and development, global storage information technology companies.
In 2016, the head of the Solutions Sector Team joined the CMS, in 2016, in 2016, in the fourth place, in 19 and in 2020, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, and in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.