The Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services has seen significant growth in net profits, the intellectual leader has a strong position, the net profit of q2 is higher than expected, and the control of efficiency gains under the scale effect has contributed to long-term gains in profitability.q2 is achieved
Operating income of $16,891 million, y/y-11.34 per cent, mainly influenced by the historical base for the same period last year and the overall downturn in the Internet downstream sector in the first half of the year, which increased by 42.57 per cent compared to 19 years; achieving cloud computing, i-change development opportunities and enhanced core competitiveness.
20211.212. The core competitive advantage is further consolidated by the confirmation of server flagship performance growth, continuous technological innovation, enhanced market access, improved product layouts such as data centres, artificial intelligence and margin computing.
202111c3. “Performance growth is over-expected, market share rises continue, and China’s market is top-ranked for four years with 50% + share, maintaining its intellectual leadership. In June, with seven champions in the marginal scene, the company won 18 single champions, the world’s largest.
4. Short-term downstream Rewinding of Demand cannot change the server leader - many, demonstrating the company ' s technical advantage on the one server. At the same time, the company ' s unique jdm development model and barriers to research and development brands continue to manifest themselves.
The market for servers is growing fast, and the corporate sector is strong. According to idc, there are 2021q1 worldwide, with a 29.1% increase in revenue from Chinese markets compared to the previous year, increasing faster than the global level.
The market share of the public cloud infrastructure server is the first. The server market benefits from global cloud computing trends, large-scale applications of 5g, and arithmetic needs, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to further increase the market’s presence by keeping an eye on corporate servers and i’s business development prospects, adjusting low-income forecasts, and increasing the Māori rate.
(b) Unexpected demand for servers; increased competition in the market; and supply chain risks due to trade frictions between the United States and the United States.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment