Wave Information (000977) Computer smartness strategy is well advanced, with attention paid to improving profitability indicators and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The net return to the mother was 803 million yuan, an increase of 98.0 per cent. Previously, the company had expected to realize a return to the mother ' s net profit of between 710 and 872 million yuan in the first half of 2021, with real performance slightly higher than the forecast hub, with a rise in net interest rates.
As a result of a sharp increase in online work and a significant increase in the demand for server procurement by downstream vendors, the overall industry has experienced a long process of de-stocking after the high point; after one year of digestion, procurement, such as downstream cloud computing, has begun to recover gradually, and the rate of revenue growth in the second half of the year is likely to turn upward.
As an infrastructure for carrying data storage and computing needs, it will continue to benefit from the establishment of related applications such as cloud computing, 5g, and object networking, and will continue to maintain high-growth product structure optimization and focus on increasing profitability in the midst of a wave of digitalized economic change. In 2021 h1, the company ' s Māori ratio was 13.4 per cent.
The net interest rate is above the industry average. The main reason for the judgement is the rapid release of high-morigin products such as the one-server, the marginal server, and the rising share of revenue.
According to gartner, the global market for q1 wave servers in 2021 accounted for 10.2%, the Chinese city for 31.5%, and continued to hold the world’s third and second-largest throne. At the same time, with the high-speed growth of the use of the Internet, the edges will be combined with the ai.
During the reporting period, the company continued to make a breakthrough around its “smart calculation strategy” and continued to strengthen its pre-emptive advantage in the area of artificial intelligence: the city of the i server was ranked first in the world, its market share in China was more than 50% for the fourth year in a row, and its marginal calculator was used to reach 32% of the city.
With the recovery in demand from downstream cloud computing firms, the company as the absolute leader in the area of domestic servers is expected to build a new dynamic with a national product server leader, al, edge.
Wave information is the leading global cloud computing, big data service provider, covering servers, storage, databases, ai accelerator, ai management software, etc., providing arithmetic products and solutions to a wide range of countries and regions around the globe, and meeting the information needs of governments and businesses in all their aspects.
In response to the rapid growth in cloud computing trends, companies now form a matrix of cloud computing laas layers covering high-, medium- and low-end types of servers, while early deployment of emerging applications such as arithmetic, open-calculation, and margin computing has a clear lead. Companies now account for a larger share of downstream Internet and non-Internet domains, with al, edge-related products.
Looking for a rapid breakthrough in the large-scale downside applications of industrial Internet and car connectivity, the cyclical nature of corporate performance in the midst of a digital wave is expected to weaken and achieve long-term high-quality growth.
The first shareholder is the Wave Group, which holds 36.12% of the company's shares; The Wave Group, relying on the effective control of the State Treasury of Shandong Province, has wave information, wave information, wave international (0596.hk), wave software (000977.sz) three listed companies, well organized operations involving cloud data centres, cloud service big data, smart cities,
In 2018, the company implemented a stock incentive scheme, targeting directors of the company, senior managers, middle managers and other core cadres, and awarded a total of 3,796,000 shares, or 2.94% of the total equity of the company, fully tied to the interests of the employee and the company, and contributed to the steady growth of the company.
Figure 2: The share of major shareholders in the company is strong, with an internal share of the i server being more than half. According to gartner, the global share of the q1 utility in 2021 has risen to 10.2%, and the share of the domestic market has reached 31.5%, and continues to be the third largest in the world and the highest in China.
The top five countries in the domestic server market in 2020 were Wave, Hua, Xinhua, Del, Conversation, with a high concentration of industry, cr5 over 80%, and a strong corporate share. On the one, the company focused for years on the development of smart calculations with a full-scale calculation covering the computing platform, management packages, framework optimization, application of accelerated four-storey architecture.
System, with the most pan-ai server product arrays in the industry. According to idc, the company ' s i server city was the world ' s number one in 2020, with a domestic share of 55 per cent, up by 4 percentage points from 2019, and its leading position continues to grow.
Management packages: including in-depth learning training Count product arrays, including gpu, cluster management software,
fpga et al. i server series APPAD systemteve application acceleration: contains application sites
Viewing and system design, application of code transplant optimization, calculation of horizontal evaluation of accelerated component performance
Measuring and etc., e.g., ai-end-to-end, margin calculation has a huge potential for development, and companies have a clear pre-emptive advantage. In 2020, China's marginal computing server as a whole was worth hundreds of millions of yuan, with a compound growth rate of about 43.7% over the next five years (2021-2025) as an extension and supplement to cloud computing, margin calculation.
The future is growing rapidly. Many years ago, the company began to deploy peripheral computing techniques and products, and took the lead in issuing a series of four major products, namely, peripheral microcentres, marginal cloud servers, portable ai servers, and peripheral microservers, providing intelligence algorithms from data centres to the edges to meet the needs of users for diverse and landscape-based applications in digital transformation and re-engineering.
The company’s margin-counting server is the country’s first in 32% of the market, surpassing the combined share of the 2–5th manufacturer. With the rapid landing of applications such as industrial goods networking, car-networking, the integration of the ai with the margins will be a central driver of future server growth, and the company’s pre-emptive advantage is expected to grow steadily, turning into a new engine of performance growth.
In 2017 - 2020, the growth in corporate operating income slowed down, but compound growth reached 25.4 per cent, faster than the overall growth in the industry. In 2021, H1 achieved $28.560 billion, a decrease of 5.7 per cent, and short-term pressure from a high base.
As a result of this increase, the server procurement needs of downstream producers have increased significantly, and the server industry as a whole has been experiencing a long process of de-stocking. After a year of digestion, driven by the new infrastructure context, technology giants such as Ali, Tetsu and others have announced a new round of related investment, downstream cloud computing needs have begun to recover, and companies are expected to grow their revenues at a rate that is likely to turn in the second half of the year.
In 2021, H1 achieved a net return profit of $80 million, an increase of 98.0% over the same year, and a high-morigin ai servers, marginal servers, etc. boosted product structure optimization and performance elasticity. Profitability increased steadily, and financial cost fell significantly.
Cost improvements under scale effects and firm Māori rates and net interest rates have increased steadily. The overall Māori ratio of H1 in 2021 was 13.4 per cent higher than 1.51 pp higher than in 2021; the net interest rate was 2.8 per cent higher than in 1.54 pp higher than in 2021.) In terms of cost rates, companies have always placed R&D at a strategic high level, with higher R&D spending creating core technical barriers and delivering high-end product lines such as ai, a marginal server.
Continuing breakthroughs to promote long-term corporate development; three other costs are generally well controlled at around 9 per cent. 1) Servers and components: downstream cloud producers upgraded in the context of new infrastructure and digital construction, industries are approaching replenishment cycles after inventory digestion, and the climate is beginning to recover, with the firm ' s absolute leader as a domestic server provider.
The annual increase in the acquisition of universal servers, with a slight decline in the level of Maori over the first half of the year, has benefited from the ai server, its terminal and others: the company ' s computing infrastructure products, other than servers, are expected to grow steadily in the future, taking into account the scope of the business and the status of the industrial chain, and selecting the three listed companies with purple-light shares, a sharp network of stars, and middle-to-end glimmers.
From a pe perspective, the company's 2021 valuation is 21 times higher than the industry average, 27 times lower than the industry average.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.