In July, sales were new and the overseas layout accelerated — Biadi (002594.sz) on 3 August, the company released the July Express, and the company sold 162530 vehicles in July, a year-on-year increase.
183 per cent: cumulative sales this year were 808929, an increase of 166 per cent over the same year, of which new sources of energy were sold in vehicles, Cao Xuant, driven by pure electric mixes, which were once again higher than in a month's history.
Lew Peak grew 224 per cent over the same year, with a cumulative sales volume of 404510 this year, an increase of 241.5 per cent over the same year; dm mixed passenger vehicles sold 81,223 in July, an increase of 224.1 per cent over the same year, and a cumulative sales volume of 39,5861 this year, an increase over the same period.
383.8% of the industry as a whole continues to grow at a high rate, with sales increasing by 29,000 vehicles over the previous month. The continued upswing in sales has contributed to a further increase in the corporate-scale effect, the spread of production and the cost of R & D, thereby increasing the M & D rate and net interest rate.
High-end cars continue to function, leading to an upturn in the overall single-car sales price. The Han family has stabilized at 26,000, successfully challenging luxury brands. The Tang family sold 12,000 vehicles, with a 45% increase in the ring. On July 29, SEALs were listed, together with Han, to build a corporate double-car strategy in the area of high-end cars.
In a grand effort, the seal heads with ctb battery body integration technology, the itac smart torque distribution technology, the post-drive/four drive structure and the front fork arms plus the five-string stand-up, will be the strongest competitor in Teslamodel3, with over 60,000 orders in hand, destined to be a blast.
On the market, the two-month pre-sale order broke over 30,000 and will fill the company’s gap in the high end of the mpv market. The offshore distribution has accelerated. The company sold 4026 new energy vehicles abroad in July, an increase of 137.4 per cent compared to the previous year, with the cumulative export of 9921 new energy vehicles this year, an increase of 21 per cent compared to the previous year.
On 1 August, the company announced that it would work with Hedinmobility, the leading distributors in the European industry, to enter the German and Swedish markets, and that delivery was expected to begin in the fourth quarter of this year. As production capacity continues to be released, it will sell overseas in the future.
The company is in a strong product cycle, with a remarkable capacity to build the money. In July, the Song family sold 38697, the Qin family 34114, the Yuan family 22172, and the dolphins 21005, all of which maintain a leading position in their respective market segments.
In the second half of the year, seagulls, sea lions, destroyers 07, frigate 05/07, etc., will be heavily marketed, with differentiated product strategies that will drive up sales again. At the same time, high-end cars will increase their share, helping brands will go up.
Autonomous research and development, with core technologies like blade batteries, dm mixing, e-platform 3.0. With the growth in the new energy automobile industry, the company's layout is perfect, the product matrix is well advanced, and production is fast.
Corporate sales are expected to reach 1.76 million vehicles in 2022.2 Biadi’s In-depth Study: The Time Runners have a great potential to grow and, in the broader context of counter-globalization, the firm’s vertical industrial chain has a clear advantage, maintaining “buy-in”
New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, production is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, chips are scarce, raw materials are rising, and the epidemic is under control. My research view is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.