The net profit from the return is three-digit higher than the profit elasticity, the company's research, the company's evaluation, the car, the car.
With the negative effects of Tang Xuxia, recurrent outbreaks, and supply-chain disruptions, the company’s new energy cars are raising prices without changing the growth of their volume, leading to improved profitability. Looking ahead, the company’s output will continue to climb in the second half of the year, the cost of upstream raw materials will rebound, and its profitability is expected to increase further.
In the first half of 2022, the company sold 646,000 vehicles, an increase of 159 per cent in the same year, of which 324,000 were sold in pure electricity and 173,000 in vehicles, an increase of 314 per cent in the same year and a 22 per cent increase in the ring. According to the data disclosed by the consortium, the company ' s share of new energy in the first half of the year was about 28 per cent in the car market, 63 per cent in the mixed car market, and continued to outrun the industry.
The country’s car perspective: Biadi’s medium-term performance is bright, and the net return profit has increased significantly, and we believe that the main reason is that: 1) the company began to adjust the terminal prices of some of the models in February 2022, alleviating the cost pressures of rising raw materials prices. We estimate that the company’s pure electric vehicle delivery cycle is about 1-2 months, the hybrid delivery cycle is about 3 months, and the second quarter is partially overtaken.
2) Corporate sales have increased significantly in the first half of the year by the same ring, while the cost during the production process has been shrunk and the scale effect has become apparent. 3) In the first half of 2022, Biadi battery loads amounted to 34gwh, a 168% increase in the same year, which is higher than the same increase in car sales.
In the first half of the year, the company made some progress in the power cell supply and storage cell business, contributing to some of the growth in performance. By the main line logic, Biadi was very strong at the depth of the upstream industrial chain, with three power technologies (cells, motors, power controls); and there was a marked improvement in the grasp of downstream terminals, with a two-wheel drive of pure power plugs and successive roll-out of blasted new cars.
High, high-quality industry giants are becoming clear. By the logic of the feed, Biadey's blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of phosphate, the lithium cell, in a way that is structurally innovative, and has demonstrated the safety of the battery bag through needle-point tests, leading by technology, with a red flag e-qm5, Sylissf5, Long Ancs55, East Windstone Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer phev, etc., company executives.
The future use of blade batteries for customers is expected to expand further, along with the high-speed roll-out of energy batteries, to bring about a larger business increase in Biadi. Given the rapid increase in sales and the high-profile performance of the company, we are looking at the company’s profit forecast.
The net return to the mother has increased by 139-207% over the same period, and the continued dominance of the new energy market has been hampered by the unreformed growth of the company’s new energy vehicle prices, which has led to improved profitability. Looking forward to the second half of the year, the company’s output could continue to climb, the cost of upstream raw materials could recover steadily, and the profitability would increase further.
The number of vehicles sold was 173,000, an increase of 314 per cent in the same year and 22 per cent in the ring.
On the basis of FMC disclosure data, the company ' s share of new energy use in the first half of the year was about 28 per cent, the market for mixed use in the first half of the year was about 63 per cent, and the volume of sales was about 63 per cent, based on information on the expansion of Biadi ' s new base, published on the Automotive House, Pacific Cars, etc., we expect the company ' s battery capacity to reach 285gwh by the end of 2022, and the full capacity to reach 2.95 million vehicles. By the end of 2023, the company ' s battery capacity was expected to reach 537gwh.
On July 5, the company announced that it would work with the leading European group of car dealers, Louwman, to provide the Dutch market with a consumer-friendly new energy automobile product. On July 8, company platform 3.0 a-scale tidal run suv.
The company’s partnership with the Louwman Group is based on the following model: the Louwman Group will open underdoors in several cities in the Netherlands and provide full sales and after-sales services for Biadi’s new energy car in a combination of online platforms and under-line shops. Since September, consumers will be able to travel to Biya.
As a family business in the Netherlands for nearly a century, the Louwman Group, one of Europe’s largest groups of car dealers, was founded in 1923. With a shared vision of building green traffic, accelerating the transformation of zero-emission traffic in the Netherlands, the two sides will work together to provide the Netherlands market with many new energy-borne vehicle products and to promote local auto electricization.
Atto3's official instruction cost in Australia is $44,990-47,990, about the smallest time-scale unit in physics - the original second (attositecond). Biadi's entry into the Singapore market has been successful for almost 10 years, with taxis, tourist buses, buses, trucks, forklifts and urban merchandise logistics vehicles.
When new energy cars are brought to the area, and this time the new Byadi atto3 is brought to Singapore, it will introduce more high-quality models. One of the companies focused on Singapore will gradually enter the South-East Asian market and accelerate the process of overseas deployment.
Investment recommendations: High-quality leadership in high-quality industries, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating, which, in the main-line logic, is very strong in the depth layout of Biadi's upstream industrial chain, with three power technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls); significant improvement in the ability to hold downstream terminals, pure plug-in double-wheel drive, and successive roll-out of new blast vehicles.
High, high-quality industry giants are becoming clear. By the logic of the feed, Biadey's blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of phosphate, the lithium cell, in a way that is structurally innovative, and has demonstrated the safety of the battery bag through needle-point tests, leading by technology, with a red flag e-0m5, Sylissf5, Long Ancs55, East Windstone Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer phev, etc., company executives.
The future use of blade batteries for customers is expected to expand further, along with the high-speed roll-out of energy batteries, to bring about a larger business increase in Biadi. Given the rapid increase in sales and the high-profile performance of the company, we are looking at the company’s profit forecast.
Because of the complexity of the business structure of Biadi, which consists of motor vehicles, power batteries, semiconductors, etc., we have chosen the Great Wall Automobile, the National Power Semiconductor, and the National Power Batteries Industry, the Ninder Age, as comparable companies. Biadi’s counterpart in the electric car industry, Tesla, the new power of car-making, etc., are generally listed in American or port shares, a share is relatively small by reference to the company.
In 2023, the company’s profit elasticity was released 33 times higher than the comparable corporate average, and we moved Biadi up to a “buy-in” rating. The price of raw materials rose, recurrent epidemics and chip constraints affected the release and delivery of productive capacity, and the sale of new models fell short of expectations.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject