Pure electricity in combination, accelerated overseas market expansion, Biadi (002594.sz)
16.3 million and 16.22 million, respectively, of new energy vehicles, with a mix of +223.9 per cent and +224.1 per cent, respectively, (i) pure electricity plugs, with a full outbreak of new energy products.
Since it was released, emphasis has been placed on co-development in pure electricity and blending. In July, the company's pure electricity, plug-in vehicles, were distributed more than pure electricity. In January-July, the company was able to sell 80.04 million vehicles by car, compared to +299.7%, well over 2021. At the same time, the company will develop its own smart driving.
Drive a dedicated chip, which is expected to be flowing by the end of the year as soon as possible. The company's new energy source, from technology, production to the market, is in full swing. (ii) The new car is full of surprises, the seals are perfect, and the brand is about to break upwards.
In 2022, the company ' s strong product cycle continued, issuing multi-car models such as $pus, destroyer 05, Han dm-i/p, tweaking dd9, seals, 2022 Donev, and new-car plans such as frigate 07, seagulls, etc. The multi-cars will be on the market. The seals opened for sale at the end of May.
The cumulative order, which has exceeded 60,000, is expected to be delivered next month, and the seal's beauty is expected to perform with high product strength and relative competitive price advantage. In July, the company's high-end Han family sold 258,000 vehicles and the Handm series + 387%; the Tang family sold 1.18 million vehicles, Don.
The same year +306%, with high-end sales increasing at the highest rate. The destroyer 05 sold 0.75 million and the dolphins sold 21,000. The company’s high-end product market continued to rise, leading the company to the end of the year, with the company’s new vehicle model being delivered to the public.
On July 21, the company announced its official entry into Japan's car market, and announced and highlighted the dollar plusus, dolphins, and sea.
On July 27, the company announced that it would participate in the Paris Car Fair in October of this year, which would provide a good foundation for the company’s development in Europe. On August 1, the company entered into a partnership with the European distribution group Hedinmobility.
The expansion of the company in Spain, Australia, New Zealand and Thailand was expected to push exports into a new situation, with new bright spots, as the company ' s new energy exports grew by 137.38 per cent over the same period in January-July.
(a) The company ' s depth reports Biadi (002594.sz) - the first step towards a pure new energy era, single-car profits, less than expected risk 3 for the car industry, and the risk of production bottlenecks due to a shortage of chips;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.