The cycle of profit elasticity release is constantly being tested - Biadi (002594.sz) semi-annual review.
The revenue and net profits of 2022h1 are historically high. By branch, the revenue from automobiles and related products, Lew Peaks, are the leading sellers in the domestic market for new energy vehicles.
The total battery load is 34.042gwh, an increase of 168% over the same year, with power cell loads of 23.78gwh, and, as the demand for extra battery supplies and storage capacity erupts, we expect the battery load to be as high as 100gwh throughout the year. Cell phones and pen-loading operations have weak downstream demand, and corporate electronic panels have overall performance pressure.
In the context of chip scarcity and raw material price increases, the Māori rate of the company's operations has fallen slightly. The Māori rate of the 2022H1 car and related products is 16.3 per cent, down 1.73 ptt from the same period the previous year; the Māori rate of cellular components and assembly is expected to fall and, as the size expands, the Māori rate of the company's operations is expected to rise steadily and become profitable.
Driven by electro-mixed doubles, the company has mastered core technology such as blade batteries, ctb technology, dm mix, e-platform 3.0, building on its global leadership in the area of new energy vehicles. With high-end power, single-car profits are expected to rise.
Six months later, as Han and Tang continued their sales, seals, sea lions, destroyers 07, frigates 05/07, and high-end vehicles like the Volkswagen d9 began to contribute, and the company's net one-car profit is expected to exceed $6,000. The company is in a strong product cycle, and the vehicle matrix is perfect.
In 2022, we expect the company to sell up to 1.76 million cars. High, growing space, and, in the larger context of counter-globalization, the firm’s advantage in vertical industrial chains is evident, maintaining “buying.”
3 Biadi In-depth Study: The Time Lead In the Harvesting Period 2022-06-05. New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, production capacity is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, chips are short, original
My research points out that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. And personal investment proposals, written or verbal commitments to share the returns or share the losses of portfolio investment in any form, are not valid.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.