Automobile cars with high sales innovation leading to a significant improvement in profitability, relying on a new platform to open up new space patterns with bright levels, supermarket expectations and structural non-recurrent gains and losses compared to the same period.
In the first half of 2022, the company recorded a high level of innovation in the dm/ev model, with a cumulative volume of over 630,000 new energy vehicles sold in the first half of the year.
About 425% of them, of which the cumulative sales of dm/ev models were 315,000, or 324,000, which is an all-time high. On the structural side, the company's hybrid model created a “new sky” in pure electric capital/flow (million shares)
In a less differentiated situation, a new generation of mixed products of the company continues to grow, with the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of the dm hybrid model increasing, with some of the high sales of the dm model exceeding demand, and the mixing into a Biya.
Another major killer in D, the 12-month maximum/minimum; on the strategic front, the company's “brand-up” strategy accelerated. 1 First exploration: 97,000 vehicles were sold by the Biadehan family in January-June 2022.
Slamodel3 wins the market for a new high-end energy car of over $200,000.2 Builds the “two-car strategy” matrix: the family of the next dynasty has been successful in exploring 300,000 price zones, the Biadega code has been up, building the “double-car strategy” matrix between seals and Han, and promoting the Biadi product together.
We believe that the company's new energy sales year round are expected to jump upwards, depending on the new platform to open up new spaces and new patterns. We think that the company's vehicle cycles are going up to boost vehicle volumes, and there's still plenty of room for follow-up. We measure that.
Upward, q2 achieves a single-car gain of more than $6,500 to the mother, an increase of 210.88 per cent in the ring, and significant marginal optimization. We believe that this stems mainly from: (1) the market recognition of the power of the fleet of vehicles of the dynasty, which constitutes the basic vehicle for sale, the marked variation of the ocean network, and the rapid increase in sales;
And the company raises prices at a moderate level, and is largely controlled within the tens of thousands of dollars, with product power versus value for money-driven sales, delivery recognition revenue; and (3) the whole-sector chain strategy drives the firm’s supply of three power systems to be stable, with clear advantages. We think that the company’s future elasticity can be seen in the medium to long term:
(1) Depends on the new platform. In the two-wheel drive of the e3.0 and dm platforms, the company's sales pattern holds the certificate code: (2) the new space is secure. In volume, the new order continues to be overproduction and is currently hand-ordered
High sales innovation has led to significant improvements in profitability, relying on new platforms to open up new space patterns of up to 700,000 vehicles, backed up by steady growth policy support, and sufficient space for subsequent release; on the profit side, the price-added coiling effect coupled with the downward pressure on the cost of swimming to slow the expansion of corporate profitability, we believe.
The year-round return to the mother is expected to be more than $6,000, and in 2023, if the scale effects continue, it is now expected to break the $10,000 mark and open up profit margins; the production end company compost plant will be offline in the near future, and production capacity will be expected at the end of the year, following the start of production at the Xian, Changzhou and Jinan bases.
To more than 3 million vehicles, reducing the cycle of delivery. (3) Breaking new patterns. The company ' s blade battery system continues to be recognized by high-quality cars, with a view to providing global headcarryers like Tesla with a full demonstration of the technology of the company ' s battery structure.
We're tired, and just as we've continuously empowered the industry downstream through the ctp program in the Ninder era, the company has one of the conditions necessary to become a global lithium tap, namely, the ability to provide a fully equipped battery system solution to downstream headcarrying companies through representative technological innovation.
In the new context of the build-up of corporate technology dividends, which is still in the process of being released, the demonstration effects add up to the firm's continued development, we believe that the company's surcharge of battery products is expected to increase faster than expected, and that high sales innovation will lead to significant improvements in profitability, depending on the new platform to open up new space patterns.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report