Corporate performance is higher than expected. Company q2 returns $83,782 million in the first quarter, up from $6,414 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 315% in the same year, q2 units of Wu Ho power equipment and a leading analysis of the new energy sector
The company's bike profits are higher than expected. After deducting the profits from Biadi's electronics business, we expect q2 single practice number: s1500520090001 gradually delivers the model after the price increases, adding down the cost of the company's size effect.
Following the downward trend in raw material prices and the release of high-end products from the company, the profits of the bicycles are still going up in the new product cycle, with the "Han" released in 2020 becoming the "Han" model, 22 \triangleright.
In June of that year, the "Han" sold over 25,000 vehicles, making it the Chinese brand's first "average price, double sales of 250,000 plus" model. In May 2022, Biadi released the "e-platform" of the "ctb" battery body integration technology and the "first-loading" of the "ctb" technology.
Practice number: s15005220201, while the company established an independent brand name, Ferdi Batteries, which was developed for strategic advancement in 22 June \triangleright
The month indicates that the battery product will be available to Tesla. As of July 2022, the company's battery aggregate was about 41.329gwh, and the power cell business would be \triangleright outside the shoulder car business.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Four years of research experience in the car industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the top down. The car industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-registered qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.