Continuous validation of the steady release of strong product power from the June production capacity — Biadi (002594.sz) On 3 July, the company released its June Express, and the company sold 1,34036 vehicles in June, a year-on-year increase.
Cao Xuant, a pure electric mix with a single month's record of sales, six months ahead of Tesla, leading the industry.
One vehicle, with a 246.2 per cent increase over the same period; and a 64218 in June, with a 219.5 per cent increase over the same month, and a cumulative 314638 in the first half of the year, with a 454.2 per cent increase over the same period.
After crossing 20,000 vehicles, it's been innovative, selling 25,000 more, selling more than 250,000 vehicles, becoming an autonomous brand model with an "average price of 250,000 plus" in the first line, leading to an upturn in the overall single-car sales price. Productive capacity is being released steadily, digesting hand orders. On June 30th, Biadey's fertilizer base was completely offline.
We expect production to reach 200,000 vehicles by the end of this year. Biadi is currently on orders for more than half a million vehicles, with delivery cycles ranging from five to six months.
The company is in a strong product cycle and has a strong capacity to build up the money. The company has now sold tens of thousands of cars in Song, Qin, Han, Won and Dolphin, the second half of the year seals, seagulls, sea lions, tot d9, destroyer 07, guard.
At the same time, high-end vehicle models have increased their share, helping brands have gone up. At the heart of new energy vehicles, companies have built vertical industrial chains that are closed, insist on autonomous research and development, and master blade batteries.
Dm mixes, e-platforms, core technologies like 3.0. With the growth of the new energy automobile industry, the company's profile is high, the growth space is high. In the larger context of counter-globalization, the firm's vertical industrial chain is highly superior.
New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, output is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, chips are short, raw materials are rising more and the epidemic is under control.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis