Vertical supply chain advantages continue to emerge, with a sharp increase in performance to Biadi (002594.sz). Investment Incidents issued its semi-annual report for 2022, which enabled the company to start a business in the first half of 2022.
(i) The continuation of a strong product cycle, with the expansion of capacity contributing to a further increase in future incomes. 2022h1, the company ' s cumulative sales amounted to 646.4 million vehicles, or +162.03 per cent, of which new sources of energy were used vehicles
At the end of supply and demand, focusing on the production and marketing of new energy vehicles, single-month sales have been at an all-time high, driving up revenue from new sources, 2022h1, the company ' s cars, related products and other products, which are the main drivers of growth.
New cars like Hanev, Handm-i, Handm-p, Trendd9, SEAL, Tangdm-p, new Qin Ji-Quan, are on the market and continue to be in short supply and demand, adding to the company's traditional powerful Qin model,
The Soong series and the Dolphin-type hot selling, published last year, have continued the strong cycle of company production; in the second half of the year, the company will also have a frigate 07, a million dollar-grade flagship brand that will be published on the market, adding production capacity to the orderly expansion, and helping company revenue will continue to increase.
(ii) Vertical supply chain systems have shown advantages at the end of the Māori ratio and enhanced control over raw materials. 2022q2, the company achieved revenue of $83,782 million, compared with +67.92 per cent, ring +25.37 per cent, and achieved significant growth in a critical situation of repatriation, benefiting mainly from the advantages of a company ' s vertical supply chain system.
On the one hand, the supply of spare parts in cases where a vertical supply chain system of a company effectively secures supply chain barriers guarantees that the company's production will not be affected, and on the other hand, the cost decline is more immediately transmitted under the vertical supply chain system in the context of unfavourable upstream prices of raw materials and a reduced lack of chips.
In August, the company announced that it would invest $28.5 billion in 30gwhith power cells and 100,000 tons of battery-grade lithium production base projects to go deep into the fabric of battery raw materials.
The power to cope with the cost pressure of keeping the price of battery raw materials high, putting itself in a vertical supply chain system with a sales cost of 3.14 per cent, compared to +0.22 pct, which is mainly a transformation of new energy vehicles.
As a result of the enhanced client experience of post-sale marketing services, the sales rate of 0.228 per cent is 3.28 per cent, corresponding to +0.46 pct, ring to +0.32 pct, a small increase over q1; the management cost of 2022h1 is 2.44 per cent, and the impact of the construction optimization is evident. Companies have always insisted on autonomous research and development of core technologies and the formation of technologies and products.
(b) Integrator, the company carries dm-i, dm-p technologies to the flagship family, with excellent technology.
This is reflected directly at the end of the sale, where the Han family has broken 20,000 sales in March. 2022h1, the company has invested $6.470 billion, representing 4.30 per cent of the revenue received, a slight decline of 0.56 pct over the same period, but the amount of inputs has increased by 46.63 per cent, reflecting the importance of corporate R & D, and the technology-driven nature of the company's products is expected to overlap.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is currently mainly responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.