In June, sales were re-innovated and demand and demand was able to fully benefit from the electric acceleration: on July 3, 2022, companies released sales data for June 2022, new energy vehicles were sold, industrial policy incentives + brands continued upwards, and monthly sales were re-innovated.
\triangleright controls influence, among other things, the company sold 13.4 million new energy vehicles in June, i.e. 32.35 million vehicles per year, i.e. +224.02 per cent/ring ratio, i.e. cumulative +246.23 per cent; and the plug-in combined power sales, i.e. 642,000 vehicles, i.e., the same amount
With the company's announced shutdown of fuel trucks, it is expected to hit the new energy sector, and the city's share is expected to rise further. A new round of auto-downlanding began at the end of May, with a large number of new energy car-consumption incentives, and companies are expected to continue to suffer with strong branding and improved product matrices.
In terms of production capacity, the fat base was offline at the end of June, supply + demand was strong, sales were expected to continue for the second half of the year, pure electricity + power mixed, and the dynasty + ocean network matrix continued to be perfected. \triangleright of the dynasty in June
The sales volume is 11.2 million and the Ring + 13.8%. Of these, 254,000 were sold in June in the Flagships, 0.81 million in the Rings, 3.73 per cent in the Months, and 837.10 per cent in the New Generation of Donev; 7,464 were sold in the Song/Qin/MW series, and sales continued to climb up the slopes since they were listed.
In late June, the moving Tang dm-p came to the market with a 300,000-grade super-mixed suv pole. In 2022, the frigate 07, seagulls, sea lions, etc., are expected to be on the market gradually, with differential positioning driving companies to continue to increase their sales.
\triangleright, technology development phase, \tb technology/blade cell/e platform 3.0.
New energy cars are being sold in innovative ways, and the cost advantages of the three-power technology layout are being highlighted to safeguard the company’s profitability. There is no fear of an outbreak, and sales are rising backwards.
2. Biadi (002594.sz) reported in the first quarter of 2022: the advantages of power, torque, battery capacity, and nedc pure relay miles are highlighted; 2) core parts and components, blade power, 2022q1 performance exceeded expectations, and new energy-intensive products were released
The pool continues to be available for long-sleeping/North Gas/One Gas/Texra with the advantage of safety and high energy; 3) e3.0 flats are equipped with blade batteries and fast-loading technology that can centralize the domain controllers and provide a quick market review of the March production and sale of 3.Bialdi (002594.sz) for intelligent soft and hardware layouts:
The technology has spread, the company’s long-term logic has been fulfilled, and the second growth point has been reached. In March, the demand for blending has continued to flourish, with a complete stoppage of fuel.
Biyadi (002594) Quick Report on Production and Marketing in February:2 Full power in the power and electricity markets, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.