Re-innovation is high, brand power continues to go up-- Biadey's sales in July, and Biadi released the July New Energy Car sales data: 16.25 million.
/ yoy+22%/mom+21%, supermarket expectations, re-innovation, multi-carrying eruptions, company sales of 160,000 new energy cars in July, supermarkets / yoy+222%/mom+21%
The total number of vehicles sold was estimated at 81,000 for the site, 804,000 for the company ' s new energy vehicles in January-July, of which 404.5 million for the company ' s vehicles/yoy+292 per cent were sold, and 396,000 for the company ' s new energy vehicles in January-July.
/youy+384%. By brand, Han/Don/Song/Qin/ Yuan/Dolphin sold separately in July. For batteries, the company's power and storage battery loads in July are back to record high sales, multiplatforms, multiproduct matrices and deep layouts.
The dmi platform and e platform 3.0, the ocean network, the dynasty network and the two major marketing systems have been formed to create synergies in the broad areas of battery technology, auto design, system integration, marketing, etc., and to create a series of blasted cars that are represented by "Han".
High-end brands continue to be sold, flat-priced bikes are breaking up, brand power continues, orders are strong, brand power continues to go up, high-end luxury mpv brands start pre-saled on May 16th, with dm-i super-mixing.
On May 20, seals released and synchronized for sale, an e-platform 3.0 model with ctb technology, have made new breakthroughs in terms of safety, control, efficiency, aesthetics. On May 22, Donev's sale is officially opened.
Biyadi (002594), May sales point: also high-end pure power suv. Overall, corporate brand power continues up, orders are high, innovation is high, and product matrices reinforce the moat.
Pff. By successfully building a high-end car brand, represented by "Han", the company actually made the Biadi Dynamics Review: ctb takes over the current brand and breaks up.
High-tech, global championing industry - high-end mpv, high-end suv brand, represented by Donev, and expansion of high-end brands are expected to further strengthen corporate branding. Companies have formed dynasty,
Biadi-002594 - Production and Marketing of Continuous Tiering Industry, Ocean, and Powered Series of Three Core Products, with the prospect of a higher future of battery-outside supply and intelligence or assist in second-time takeoff -
Branding, making a further bottom-up breakthrough in brand power. Sales continue to take on titles, enhance performance capacity, and the scale effect highlights a significant increase in corporate car profits.
In summary, companies have been strengthened in the area of electric vehicles, supply chains are strong, core links are autonomous, and the production power of the multi-dimensional enhancement company is rising. Moreover, companies continue to build on the power cell infrastructure.
We're opening up international and domestic customers, and we're running on both storage and electric cars, and the battery's going to open up the ceiling. The company's driving smarts are driving fast, and it's swirling around light radar, high-precision maps, chips, algorithms, and so on. We think,
The company’s product, technology, supply chain is entering a virtuous cycle, and the industry’s position continues to be consolidated, leading to a “quality” and “quantity” leap. Multiplier.
The company maintains a “recommended” rating over the medium to long term, with policy volatility risks; downstream demand below expectations; product prices below expectations; risk of deteriorating competitive patterns; and capacity expansion and digestion below expectations.
Yin Bin: Dr. Science, Chief of New Energy. Four years of business + five years of securities + one year of fund experience, served successively in Biade, Central Thai, East Wu, Bothai, and China Sea. As a core member, it covers lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related chain of industry related to listed companies and new energy vehicles.
Li Jiangtao: Master of Quantities in Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, one year of famous pe practice, four years of securities tested, 2021 of new energy cars and listed companies, reflecting my research views.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.