Kyodonga (000725) Electronic q2 profit inversion, panel giants opening up high profitability, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: The company disclosed its mid-2020 performance, with the company ' s revenue of 60.870 billion yuan in 2020h1, a 10.6 per cent increase in the same year; the net return to the mother was 1.140 billion yuan, a 32.0 per cent decrease in the same year. The net profit from the non-return to the mother was reduced by 1,76 million, while the price of the panel decreased during the reporting period, while the revenue continued to grow and the net profit from the non-return to the mother was reversed by q2 single season.
Collection: The company achieved a revenue of 60.870 billion yuan by 2020h1, of which $34.99 billion was collected by q2 in a single season, increased the company ' s profit stability and market position by diversifying its business on the same date, and sold its high-end products well. Portware: display product output increased by 15% more than the same time, high-end product 8k more than 15 times, oxide
Laptops show a 10-fold increase in screen sales, innovative applications a 60-per-cent increase in year-on-year sales, sensor medicine, therapeutic images a double increase in year-on-year sales. Wisdom: tv's whole-office sales are over 70% in China, electronic tags are over 70% in the same year, digital art is over 75% in the same year, screens are over 75% in the same year, and screens and funbooks are on average monthly activity.
Intelligent medical workers: mobile health first biochip self-research product output, mobile body life of nearly 100,000 people per month, health services at Mind Hospital with a 75% increase in hospital beds on a year-on-year basis. Quality panel prices are rising, market rates are rising, companies are benefiting first. 1) Korea’s plant output is dropping: lgd and Samsung.
The lcd panel produced about 24% of the world’s capacity, and plans to withdraw from the lcd panel are under way; the lgd and Samsung exits will give new industrial space to the home lcd factory, tcl-represented in Kyoto East. Panel prices: control of the epidemic plus lgd and tristar capacity, phased out in July and August.
The company proposes to buy back shares for first-time equity incentives, highlighting future development confidence and recognition of corporate values. The company proposes to buy back 250-350 million shares (about 0.72 to 1.01% of total equity) for equity incentives.
1. Kyoto Easta (000725). Heavy punch, smart stock options, 340 million restricted shares, proposed equity incentives awarded to nearly 3,000 persons, including company executives, internal scientists, vice-presidents, technical specialists, middle management, managers and technical cadres.
Given that the company is the leader in the panel industry, it is the first to benefit from a cyclical reversal and maintain a “buy-in” rating. It is not as progressive or as expected: the market price for the monitors is either low or persistently depressed.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.