q2 non-net profit reversible growth, equity incentives to usher in a new era
In the first half of 2020, in the context of the new crown pandemic, which has shrunk across the globe, the size of the industrial market has generally declined, with a negative growth rate of 8.97 per cent over the same period.
The company continues to perform well, with its three main lines of activity: d, s, and h. For port devices (d), the overall output of the company's displays continues to be the highest worldwide, with a 15% increase in volume and a 10% increase in volume, while the Icd smartphone, tablet computers, laptops, monitors, and TVs show that screens and sales are the highest in the world. At the same time, the company is flexible enough to produce energy structures and actively distribute high-end products and profits.
On the other hand, the company ' s intellectual services industry product structure is constantly improving, and the sales of the smart services tv have grown by 70% more than the same time in China.
Global sales grew by more than 50% over the same year: electronic tag sales grew by more than 70% over the same year: digital art sales grew by more than 75% over the same year, and screens and funbook products were more sticky with users. In the case of smart healers (h), company mobile health and hospital services developed in tandem, and industry grew in influence.
In terms of internal management, Li Xiaoqing, companies continue to innovate to optimize operating mechanisms to promote product concentration, scale and product line efficiency; through the oee management system to continue to optimize bottlenecks, pnl production and pnl production capacity with a large number of modules; and Beijing ' s 8.5 generation lcd production line has a high rate of innovation of monolithic excellence. 2q20.
S 150520080004 with a fall of 0.61 pp, and a decline of 2.42 pp in the ring, amply highlights the remarkable success of the company’s fine management of its operations. Through lead, equity incentives have fallen into the new era.
\triangleright options and restricted equity incentive schemes, which together account for 2.82% of the total equity stock of the company. In the year of equity, the incentives were awarded to a total of 2,974 people, with a wider range of benefits.
The stability of Sinda Securities, Inc., and the better binding of management interests, have also shown management confidence in the company’s future development to the secondary market.
On the demand side, the impact of the epidemic on the demand side has gradually diminished from 2q20, with panel prices entering the fast-growing path from July. The global market of tv has performed well at 2q20, with sales of tv increasing at the same rate as in May-July.
1%, 20%, and 10%. Domestic sales of tv have been warming since May; the United States market, driven by subsidies, has been up in reverse, with sales increasing by 52%, 25%, 36% and 29% respectively in April-July 2020; European countries have experienced more retaliatory consumption since the lifting of the seals, with a larger rebound in the 2q20 market in Western and Central Eastern Europe; and Japanese and developed Asian markets are showing strong performance as the epidemic has been brought under control.
In addition, the strong demand for the panel has driven panel manufacturers to shift some of their capacity from LCD to t, and in fact the supply of the lcdtv panel will decline more sharply. The supply-and-demand resonance-led panel industry will start a new cycle of price hikes. Looking to 2021, recovery sales + 4k coverage will increase the size of the tv, which will further accentuate the demand-supply imbalance, and price increases are expected to continue throughout next year.
Investment proposals: Kyoto East is firmly established as a global panel leader, with smart phones, tablets, notebooks, monitors, televisions, among other major markets, accounting for the world’s largest share of market sales. Companies are expanding their productive power, with production lines b9, b17, and b11 falling in an orderly manner. Companies focus on technological innovation, building in the fields of photovoltaic displays, artificial intelligence, and pre-winding support for a dsh development strategy.
The first equity incentive scheme highlights the company’s management’s unlimited confidence in its future development. Adding the supply-and-demand-up lead panel price to a new upward cycle since July, we believe that Kyoto+ industry has a two-way track, with performance released from q3 every quarter, suggesting attention.
Figure 1: Revenue and profit performance in the east of Kyoto Figure 2: Profit performance in the east of Kyoto
Figure 3: Cost rates during the period in Kyoto East, Figure 4: R&D costs in Kyoto East (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto East (millions of yuan)
Figure 6: Net profits and operating net cash flows from Kyoto East (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Inventory from Kyoto East (billions) Figure 8: Accounts receivable from Kyoto East (billions)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and foreign companies such as Texas instruments have worked abroad, familiarizing themselves with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. It is also the country’s famous semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the crystal ball, 2/3 of 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award, 3/2 of 18/19, electronics. Li Siuqing, M.A. Wuhan University, joined southwest securities in 2018, and the alpine securities, 2020, became familiar with the semiconductor chain.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, 2020, joined the Sunda Securities Institute to conduct research in the electronics sector. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for a portfolio of portfolio investment advice approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers and is not intended for the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.