24 September 2020: On 23 September 2020, Kyoto East issued an announcement to buy 80.831 per cent of Nanking G8.5 shares at no less than a listed price: at no less than an assessed price
At present, the board of directors has agreed to the above-mentioned bidding and acquisitions, with the transfer funds planned using both self-financed and external financing, and with no more than 60% of the funds financed through external financing.Billions of dollars, 60k/month glass base plate, produced in August 2015, using oxidizer backboard technology, showing models including ips and va, with major products including hands.
In May of this year, the company will further expand the size of its capacity and further consolidate its vanity in semiconductor displays. The company now has four g8.5 generation production lines, with a combined monthly capacity of about 540 k, and if it succeeds in acquiring the Nanking g8.5 production line, it will have five 8.5 generation lines, with a combined capacity of close to 600k.
At the end of the area, the original 10 lcd production lines in the east of the country had a combined capacity of approximately 69,854.2 million m2 in 2021, and the acquisition of the 8.5 and 8.6 m3 line in the south of the country would result in a total additional area of approximately 1,2474,000 m2 and therefore the acquisition is expected to result in an increase in the company's area of approximately Li Xiaoqing.
>Improving the technological reserve, enriching the product mix, and increasing profitability. In addition to consolidating the corporate industry’s leading position in terms of production capacity, Nanjingg8.5 and Chengdug8.6 mature oxygen backboard technology and high-end product positioning will further improve the company’s technological reserve, enhance its manufacturing capacity and help it expand the market for high-end products.
Annual production, newer production equipment, stable processes such as va and oxides, capable of matching high-end products such as 8k super-high-cleaning, high-renovation rates, more profitable and higher-potential: and more efficient linkages with existing production lines such as Kyoto East, Sunyang, Chongqing, and further intensification of cluster development, which will positively contribute to the company’s future development. On the profit side, cycle up + capital management is expected to increase performance elasticity.
The Kyoto-G8.5 and Chengdu-G8.6 production lines were still in deficit in the first half of 2020, of which 2,517 million won on line 1h20 in line 8.5 in Nanking, 997 million won in net profit on Sindha securities, and 3,274 million won on line 1h20 in line 1h in line 8.6 in Chengdug, with a net profit of 1191 million yuan.
There's a certain level of performance and financial pressure in the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, but through a series of improvements, such as the introduction of smart management, supply chain integration and large-scale panels starting in July.
Entering a fast-growing price path, companies are expected to consolidate competitive advantages and enhance profitability by rapidly consolidating assets, controlling costs, and increasing efficiency. As a part of the company’s equity, and as a part of the tcl-Wassam’s acquisition of shares in the three star g8.5 generation production line and modular line in Suzhou, the trend towards the paneling industry has come to an end, the pattern of industry competition will be further concentrated with leading producers, and this acquisition in Kyoto East will further lay the firm’s leadership in the area of large-scale lcd displays.
At the demand-side, the impact of the epidemic on the demand side has gradually diminished from 2q20, with panel prices starting to rise in July. Global tv markets perform better at 2q20, and sales of tv in May-July have been positive on average, at 1%, 20% and 10%, respectively. Domestic sales of tv have been warming since May: the United States market has been driven by subsidies and sales have been rising, with sales increasing by 52%, 25%, 36% and 29% respectively in April-July 2020; and Europe has seen a similar increase of 52%, 36% and 29%, respectively.
The countries of the continent have experienced more retaliatory consumption since the lifting of the seals, with a greater rebound in the 2q20 market in Western and Central Eastern Europe, and in Japan and developed Asia, where the 2q20 is gradually under control. Looking forward to a 10-30% increase in the demand of the q3 ihs panel by 2020. On the supply side, the accelerated withdrawal of Korean manufacturers has been finalized.
In addition, because of strong demand for the panel, panel manufacturers shift some of their capacity from LCD to it, the supply of the lcdtv panel will actually decline more sharply. The supply-and-demand resonance-led panel industry will start a new cycle of price hikes. Looking to 2021, recovery sales + 4k coverage will increase in size, which will further exacerbate the demand-demand imbalance, and price increases are expected to continue throughout next year.
This acquisition will further help companies expand their productive advantage and consolidate global industry leadership. And, as supply and demand at the industry level improves the lead panel prices into a new upward cycle in July, we believe that Kyoto East’s corporate + industry-level performance will be two-way from q3 to the q3 level.
Risk factors: unanticipated growth of corporate clients; slower pace of development of new technologies and capacity-building; excessive duration of the epidemic and risk of fluctuations in the price of the lcd panel.
Figure 3: Cost rates during the period in Kyoto East, Figure 4: R&D costs in Kyoto East (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto East (millions of yuan)
Figure 6: Net profits and operating net cash flows from Kyoto East (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Inventory from Kyoto East (billions) Figure 8: Accounts receivable from Kyoto East (billions)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and foreign companies such as Texas instruments have worked abroad, familiarizing themselves with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. It is also the country’s famous semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the crystal ball, 2/3 of 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award, 3/2 of 18/19, electronics. Li Siuqing, M.A. Wuhan University, joined southwest securities in 2018, and the alpine securities, 2020, became familiar with the semiconductor chain.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, 2020, joined the Sunda Securities Institute to conduct research in the electronics sector. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for a portfolio of portfolio investment advice approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers and is not intended for the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.