q2 income has improved significantly, and equity incentives have increased confidence in long-term development. On 29 August, Kyoto Orientala published its semi-annual report for 2020: $60,867 million, +10.59 per cent, net profit for mothers 1,135 million, –31.95 per cent, net profit for non-retroactive mothers – 176 million, –127.0 per cent; basic ps
The q2 ring ratio has improved significantly, and research and development investment has increased, targeting areas such as oed, sensing, etc. LCD panels have been rising backwards and mainstream product markets have continued to hold steady.
20h1 displays + 15%, same size + 10%, lcd smartphones, flatboard computers, pens, monitors, television outlets and sales areas are the world ' s number one, and product structure is further optimized: 65 inches + 50% global sales of large-scale products above, 8k ultra-high sales ring ratio + 15 times, oxide display screen sales equal
More than +10, the sales of innovative applications + 60%. Companies are actively improving their production efficiency and process, with high innovation rates in Beijing for 8.5 generation lcd, higher manufacturing levels in Chongqing for 8.5 generation lcd, higher productivity for 10.5 generation one month, higher base-line innovation, and higher profitability.
With improved supply and demand patterns for the benefits, companies are expected to come to a point where the Japanese and Korean producers of three stars, lig, etc. will gradually fade out of the lcd market, and exit capacity will account for about 24% of the world’s total production capacity.
Industry’s concentration is expected to increase continuously. As demand recovers from overseas and downstream manufacturers prepare, demand recovers, television panel prices have risen since June, and companies will continue to move to a new cycle of medium-sized and large-sized panels.
1. The performance test is high.
Kyodonga (000725) Company reviews: three seasons of booming seasons, with the city holding the world's leading rate, with interest rates no lower than the 75-square value for the firm, and 22-year displays first, based on 19-year oed.
A 22-year collection of cagr, based on 19-year collection of smart systems, 22-year collection of no less than 20-per-cent cagr, and 22-year patent holdings of no less than 9,000 innovative business.pe is valued at 63.4 times (ttm, arithmetic average) and is rated for the first time, taking into account the company ' s industry leadership position.
1 - Terminals such as TV sets are not as fast as expected; 2; Japan’s manufacturer’s LCD lines are slow to exit; 3; overseas demand is not as high as expected; 4 and exchange rate fluctuations risk. 1 Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investments Ltd., and was awarded to the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.