We're going to buy a share of the electric panda's production line.
The successful acquisition will further expand the market share.
According to the announcement, Nanjingg8.5 had a total investment of $29.15 billion, with a design capacity of 60 k/month, and a major product such as mobile phones, laptops, monitors, television monitors, etc., with a pb of 1.17 times. Chengdu 8.6 had a total investment of $28 billion and a design capacity of 120k/month.
For the month, the main product consisted of 23.8-70 inchtv monitors and so on, with a split collection of 2019-2020h1, the two production lines are still in deficit and are expected to have some impact on short-term debt and cash flows in the east of Kyoto after the acquisition; in the long term, Boe is expected to pass through mature operating controls
Capacity-building has helped to reverse two production lines; at the same time, the acquisition will raise the market share of Boe, which is expected to rise to 33 per cent and 25 per cent for the mnt and tv panels, respectively. (ii) Industry consolidation, with a significant acquisition strategy
In our view, the strategy of this acquisition is significant: in terms of products, the acquisition of the China-China line will strengthen the strategic position of the company in small and medium dimensions, which will allow for an effective expansion of the production of small and medium dimensions, while the acquisition of the power-to-capital line will increase by 50/58/70 intv and strengthen the company.
Technically, both lines of electricity and electricity use oxidizer backboard technology, and the acquisition will enhance the company's large-scale supply of technology. From a client's perspective, a large proportion of the company's clients are currently brand-based, and the current client structure of the company is in power.
It's an effective complement to the company, and the acquisition is conducive to a further broadening of the company's client structure.
The company’s revenues and net assets will be boosted, the company’s strategic layout strengthened, the company’s market share increased, and the company’s medium- and long-term growth space remained wide, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Overseas output exits are not as fast as expected, and acquisitions are not as fast as expected.
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Master of Science in Finance, Bachelor of Engineering, Zhejiang University. Eleven years of experience in securities practice. Investment opportunities for the best analysis of new wealth, 2014-2016; better understanding of industry landscapes and changes in industrial chains, better able to manage marginal changes and cyclical turning points; Development of potential investment targets from a unique perspective.