Construction and decoration in China (601668) Decreasing performance and low valuation at South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company published its mid-point report in 2024, in which it achieved operating income of 11.446 billion yuan for Chinese construction. The firm was ranked 14th on the world wealth list of 500 and 4th on China’s 500th and the largest investment-building group in the world in 2024.
Of the 29.45 billion yuan, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same year, the size of housing construction was 749.3 billion yuan, an increase of 1.7 per cent over the same year, capital construction, $26.95 billion, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the same year, real estate revenue fell by 8.7 per cent, income from overseas operations fell slightly and net cash outflows increased by the same year.
• Medium- and high-end housing has a strong edge or benefits from housing policy warmth. The company has an absolute advantage in housing construction, adhering to the marketing strategy of “high-end markets, high-end customers, high-end projects” and maintaining an optimized order structure, with a ratio of key regional investments in countries such as Kyoto, the Yangtze Economic Zone, and Hong Kong, Australasia.
The company is actively integrated into the country’s major strategy, and orders are strong enough to guarantee company performance. The company is actively involved in the Kyoto Synergy, the Yangtze Economic Zone, the Bay of Australasia, the Long Triangular Integration Development, and the Yellow River Basin Ecology.
Major regional strategies, such as conservation and quality development, accounted for 85.8 per cent of new contracts in the above-mentioned regions, while old and secure public buildings in urban areas created a huge market for companies. In addition, this year, there was an increase in the capital sector. 1. Construction in China (601668).
The larger picture, such as faster growth in areas such as water conservation, also presents structural opportunities for corporate infrastructure. Assumption 1: based on a new contract of $1.532 billion for H1 housing construction operations in 2024, we assume the size of housing: optimal transformation of corporate infrastructure and rapid growth, with a new single-year growth of 2024h1 at 34.9%.
Assumption 3: Real estate development and investment operations are influenced by the country’s macro-regulation policy, with 20.6 per cent and 33.2 per cent of sales volume and sales volume falling by 2024h1 on a par with sales volume, long-term in-depth research on and response to new changes in the real estate market in Haiti and China under the corporate umbrella, enhanced precision investment, strong financing capacity, and competitive advantages are expected to be further strengthened.
Assumption 4: the company continues to move forward with the transformation of its survey design, the efficiency gains remain robust and the Māori rate remains stable at 21.0%. Based on these assumptions, we project the cost of its sub-operational income for 2024-2026 as follows: Novo has not been, has not been, will not be, nor will he receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.