Huge Gas Group (601238) Eyan has sold 40,000 dollars for months, 2nd Field Retail Growth and Deduction Bank, Huge Gas Group.
One vehicle, an increase of 37.65 per cent over the same year; the volume of vehicles sold in April (batch volume) was 177,224, an increase over the same year.
As co-sponsors, such as Group Corporation, China Mechanical Industries Group, and others, the large state-owned holdings created by means of the initiative have been sold out by Eyan for 40,000 consecutive months, with 51 orders in order. In April, EA achieved 40,862 sales.
The main operations include the development, manufacture, sale and after-sale services of vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles, automobile parts and components, and the import and export of automobile-related products.
On April 16, high-end brand Wu Pengt opened a pre-sale, start-up price, trade, car rental, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, capital 21.99 million. We believe that the series will open up the middle-end market for Eian, and that the current pattern will continue.
In April, a wide range of vehicles (and brands) were produced and sold in insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc.
During May, 2023, 12,939 wide-voltage car-type harvest orders, new vehicle-type Leopards were fully marketed in the entire region of the country, and a new poster, e9 (phev), was published at the Shanghai Car Fair, as well as comprehensive debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
In our view, unlike the pure electrical route of EA, the electrodynamicization of the pyrotechnic system is focused on the pewhev, which is expected to gain a higher market share in the area of mixing, thanks to technological reserves such as hybrid techniques and high-efficiency engines.
One vehicle, which grew by 5.99 per cent and 6.44 per cent in the same year. According to Honda’s official public name, Honda has sold 60498 vehicles in April, a 40.2 per cent increase in the same year, and Honda’s stock has fallen by 35,000 vehicles in the same month’s channels.
In April, there was an increase of 20.2 per cent over the previous month of 7709 Toyota end-retails, which was the official public name of the Volkswagen Group. The increase in retail sales in both fields was greater than in April, when the volume of retail sales was higher than the total stock/flowa share (million shares).
Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations: the long-term improvement trend in the company’s self-autonomous plates continues, and the two fields will expand their share based on the continuation of the mixed advantage. We appreciate the medium- and long-term growth of the company.
In 2023, corporate ownership improved certainty. We expect the company to be 11, 9 and 8 times higher, respectively, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Huan Moi Group (601238): Eyan has sold 40,000 dollars a month, two fields of retail growth and inventory, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that he sold 40,000 dollars a month, and two fields of retail growth and decline, Lee Jin-jin.
The University of Nankai, with its many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, has been employed in the National Information Centre, the Great Wall Securities, since 2009.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.