The q1 performance was slightly lower than expected, with an autonomous loss point of $26,393 million in operating income, compared with +14.03 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $1,538 million, compared with 48.9 per cent. The “price war” held up the Māori rate and q1 performed slightly less than expected.
\triangleright cumulative sales of 162,000 vehicles, or +19.7% of the year, and sales up and down +14% of the year. \EAN/Treatbook sales of 7.8/84,000 vehicles, or +74.5%/-7.6% of the year, EA sales continue to increase.
The decrease is mainly due to improvements in the corporate governance structure, and the increase in R & D costs is mainly due to higher discounts on the impact of new vehicle models and technology investments, “price wars” and the continuing increase in EA sales; 3) impairment losses, which are increased by the same margin, with a combined impairment of 2023q1 of $346 million, or +285 million.
Billion yuan/ring ratio + 1.6 billion yuan, mainly the “price war” tow company Māori ratio. \triangleright and release the first item, e-tnga, of medium pure electricity suv, planned to upgrade 12 hybrid vehicles in 23 years, plus
Volkswagen (60138.sh) October: Group sales are equal to +10.2%, EA maintains high growth, fast electricizing transformations. This is a 2022 supply chain-constrained sales load, and 2023 is accompanied by supply chain questions.
The E-A-A-R-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-S. E-E-E-E-E-E-E-S.
On the technical side, Eyan released a battery shooting experiment and high performance 4. Broad Gas Group (601238.sh) published a summary of production and sales in July:
Integrated power-driven technology group quarks, with electric power rising by 100% compared to industry levels. On branding, EA is now running in parallel with joint ventures, EANA is running on the 2022/Annian aion+hyper two-way full-time side by side: 1) aions/y was re-funded and priced.
The advantage is clear; 2) Hypergt, built on aep3.0 platform, is on the market, and hypersr\gt\b 5. Wide Steam Group depth report (601238.sh) reports that state corporations and corporations will be able to deliver full power this year.
In the lead-up to the revolution, tech-type cars are changing by 2022/07/06, with three heavy pounds of phev, and the gs3 video speed based on a completely new upgrade of the gpma architecture. With the impact of falling battery costs and increasing sales, companies are expected to come from the main loss point.
\triangleright product strength, and autonomous twin star energy, is expected to turn back and maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.