In recent days, the company has published a quarterly report for 2023: during the reporting period, the group achieved total operating income.
26.560 billion yuan, an increase of 14.14 per cent in the same year, and the net profit of owners of parent companies of approximately 1,538 million yuan, a decrease of 48.89 per cent in the same year, as follows:
The main operations include the development, manufacture, manufacture, and use of vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles, car parts and components.
Sales and after-sales services, and import and export of automobile-related products Trade, car rental, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, q1 q1 passenger vehicle industry, recorded a 7.3 per cent decline in the same period in their share of the market, and car firms obtained sales through greater concessions
Source regenerative, car credit, finance leasing, business factoring, volume, q1 for profit.
In 2022, the high price of lithium carbonate increased battery costs, company stocks remained raw at $4.97 billion at the end of 2022, and inventory commodities at 68.1 improvements at the end of the profit cost.
Investment returns are also affected by low demand in the industry. The company’s two major joint ventures have been sold for the first quarter of the year, of which 220,000 were sold in Toyota 2023q1 – a decrease of 10.93 per cent in the same year. The investment returns were $2.92 billion, a decrease of 29.4 per cent in the same year.
It's hoped to be stable. According to Gwang Moi's official public, from 29 April to 3 May, Honda's accumulated industrial demand was stable, Toyota's new fifth-generation ths double-dry technology was replaced by the main vehicle model, Hwang Honda's total equity/releasea share (million shares)
The replacement of the main vehicle, such as the mixed version of Yakaku, the shadow, etc., is expected to be profitable. The volume of the autonomous plate sales continues to increase in circulation b/h (in thousands).
In the same year, 80.8% and 49.2% of the output was higher than ever before. In March-April, EA achieved a continuous sale of more than 40,000. The same thing happened with the new model.
Car-type Leopardr is on the market in all regions of the country, and in Shanghai, a new edition of the "e9" show has been launched at the country's wide-air distribution store, opening a pre-sale price of $330,000-$390,000. We believe that, with the increase in sales, the firm's autonomy was gradually improved in 2023.
Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation: The trend towards long- and long-term improvement of corporate autonomy will continue, with the two fields increasing their share based on the continuation of mixed advantage, and we appreciate the trends in medium- and long-term corporate growth. With the leading edge in the electric hybrid domain, corporate autonomy improved certainty in 2023.
Q1 is profiting from the price war, increasing the amount of its own sales.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the price war has cost q1 a fortune, and that the volume of autonomous sales continues to rise.
Li Jinchang, Master of Management, Nankai University, with many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, has been in the National Information Center, Great Wall Securities, to date in 2009. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.