Wide-bond group (601238): Growth of revenue leads to a drop in cost rates, self-improvement of certainty, wide-bond group
In recent days, the Guangbo Group has published a 2022 report: the company achieved gross operating income of RMB 110.006 billion, a 45.37 per cent increase, a net return to the mother of RMB 8,068 million, an increase of 10.0 per cent, as follows:
In 2022, around 634,000 vehicles were sold in Eian, an increase of 42.6 per cent over the previous year.
The main operations include a significant increase in passenger vehicles, commercial revenues, resulting in a marked decrease in the cost of the period (sales, management and R & D) during the period 2022 with vehicles, motorcycles, R & D of car parts, manufacturing, manufacturing, etc.
Sales and after-sales services, as well as the import and export of automobile-related products, total 9.2 per cent, a decrease of 3.1 pct from 2021 and a new low since 2016.
Source regenerative, car credit, financial leasing, business factoring, 7.9 per cent, Māori rates have not improved in relation to a significant increase in the price of raw materials such as batteries in 2022, offset by insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc.
The impact of sales is on scale. Non-cash costs, such as impairments, have increased significantly, and operating cash flows have performed better than book profits.
Less investment returns reflect the business of the Broad Gas Group after the joint venture block was deducted in 2022, which had a profit of $6.32 billion, and the net cash flow of the Broad Gas Group (net of financial operations) was -2.560 billion, i.e., the cash flow was performing better than the book profit, mainly for two: 1) 2022
In 2023, the Autonomous Blocks improved certainty. In 2023.1-February, EA achieved 3,8292 sales, an increase of 55.93 per cent over the same period. According to EA, EA achieved 40016 sales in March 2023, with a circulation b/h unit (in thousands).
In 2023, Eian will launch the second-stage series Hypergt. Hypergt will be a powerful tool to hit the high-end electric market. In 2023, the new generation will continue to gain consumers with the technological power of design, mixing technology, intelligence, etc.
We believe that, along with falling prices for raw materials, such as batteries, and increasing the scale of corporate ownership, there is greater certainty about improved corporate ownership. Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation: medium- and long-term improvements in corporate ownership will continue, and the two fields will rely on mixing.
Given that in 2023 the car market was affected by the policy of halving the purchase tax in 2022, and that competition in the fuel-car market increased, we cut the price of the company's investment by 11, 9 and 8 times the price of the company's share, and maintained the “highly recommended” rating.
A source of financial prosperity in the East, a conglomerate (601238): reduced cost of income growth, increased certainty of autonomy, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the growth rate of revenue is lower and self-determination is more certain.
Li Jinchang, Master of Management, Nankai University, with many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, has been in the National Information Center, Great Wall Securities, to date in 2009. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.