Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): 22 years of steady growth in performance
Lu Kamin's year-round performance has grown steadily, and the share of cars in the market has increased further.22 Companies have achieved a total of 10.006 billion yuan, or 45.4 per cent of the year; 22q4 has achieved a total of 29.639 billion yuan, compared to the ring.
Net interest rates are held up by assets and credit impairments. In terms of profitability, companies sell $2.37 billion a year in gross terms, up to $1.51 billion for Hiromi Mitsubishi and $510 million for credit impairments. We believe that after impairments, companies are expected to lighten up and focus further on the sale of autonomous brands and solar systems.
At the same time, q4 had an impact on net interest rates, as a result of the early release of new energy demand before the policy exit, as a result of the company’s joint venture fuel vehicle sales, and the fall in investment returns of 22q4. In terms of cost rates, sales costs have fallen the same time, and research and development has increased.
Autonomous brands achieve historical excellence, and Eyan accelerates the process of high-endization. Wide-broad-blowing + wide-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing-breathing 63.37 million in 22 years, sort of branding, and selling 36.25 million-breaths.
The share of new energy sales in the autonomous brands is close to 43%. EA has accelerated the process of high-end, with the introduction of a brand full of brands called hyper, which is expected to be marketed in the second half of the year, and EA II, which is now in production.
With an annual capacity of 400,000 vehicles/years, the combined helper's sales have increased further. The joint brand has accelerated the process of new energy generation and new dynamism.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. +21.4 per cent; 742,000 vehicles sold in Hiroshima, i.e. 4.9 per cent of the year, are being added to the joint venture brand.
Rapid electric transformation: In 23 years, Hiro-Toyota will launch an upgrade of 12 smart-power blended two-triple products.
The 22-year sales of Honda are largely influenced by supply chain cores, the situation is now improving significantly, and 23-year-old Honda will be delivered in e: hev, type ghatchback, replacement locomotives and mix/placing, and the new cycle is expected to be effective in raising demand.
Profit predictions: we keep looking at a steady increase in the competitiveness and sales of the broad-car autonomous vehicle, and the pace of the capital transition. The target for 23 years is the same as +10%. We believe that with the firm ' s steady growth in self-research and further deepening of the Eian mix, it is possible to evaluate the recovery. We expect the company to recover.
Risk factors: The market process in the new car is not as good as expected, industry risks of falling sales, etc. Figure 1: Corporate revenue & year-on-year increases, figure 2: Corporate net profits & year-on-year increases
Figure 4: Quarterly net profit return by company / year-on-year increase, Figure 5: Quarterly Mäori ratio by company, Figure 6: Quarterly cost rate by company
4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the top down. Full coverage of the car industry chain, with emphasis on Tesla, smart cars, autonomous goods, technology centres, and Joaquin securities, one year of work experience in car enterprises + two years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant, Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering smart cars, motor networks, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.