April: New energy highs, traditional cars steady, events: companies publish sales in April, with a total of 177,000 cars sold by the group, 1 and the Eian New Energy highs. In April, EA reached 41,000, a year-on-year increase.
301.6% long, core aiony design front, and two years after the market, sales are up, reflecting the EA team's ability to build cars. The other main car, aions, has been a great success for both the public and the private markets.
Challenging Teslamodel3 and continuing to pull the EAAN brand and the asp. 2 Wide-broad-broad-broad-blow-blow-blowing market. In April, mass-blowing sales were 29,000. 45.3 per cent higher than in April, and the future-beep-blowing-blowing-black-black-blowing market, using autonomous brands.
The technological advantage of mixing is increasing the city’s share. Cars such as Xim8 have already won the market in a segment, and further expansion of the hybrid product line will guarantee the growth of distribution.3 The Toyota base is still strong. 72,000 are sold in April.
The same-year growth rate of 5.1% has remained stable overall, with a full new product cycle opened since the arrival of the new production capacity in 2020, and a small increase in the share of the country in the new energy boom.
The maximum/minimum price within 52 weeks - pure electricity, fuel cells, etc., will ensure a smooth transition to a large abundance. 4. Wide-air Honda sales are steady.
After months of negative growth of the same year, it began to stabilize gradually, with the second half of the year, zrv, all-new flyer, the Guangzhou Auto-Industrial Group having a limited number of models, such as crv, or going to boost the volume of sales.
The use of data in this report is based on information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.