Don Aekin's income and profit performance in the big health plate is remarkable, and the performance of the big south plate is clear: in terms of income structure, the top business income of 2025h1 is $29 billion (year-on-year +4.25 per cent) and the big health income.
In the south, the Chinese medicine earns 3,246 million yuan (as compared to 20.12 per cent) and the chemicals earn 1,994 million yuan (as compared to 5.85 per cent).
The main reasons for the better growth of the large health plates are precisely marketing, increasing the penetration of the catering channels while accelerating the seizure of the drinking market; and the apparent pressure of the medium-forming plates, which are related to the high base, destocking, product pattern, etc..2 In terms of profit structure, the total commercial profit is about 2025h1.
The sum of profit offsets between the branches was $172 million. The total profit of the large business blocks fell significantly, with a decline in the gross profit rate of the large business blocks on the one hand, and a reduction in the credit impairment of the Guangzhou medicine on the other (government subsidy) on the other hand.
It is worth looking forward to an “internationalization + innovation + shareholder returns”, 25h2 or a marginal improvement: one company values internationalization + innovation. In the internationalization context, 25h1 pharmaceutical products continue to expand overseas markets, and the small woodhooks succeed in obtaining the Macao Central Medicine Register, and renals.
The pace of expansion of health products abroad continues to accelerate, with the launch of the two-marked international tank "Walvi+" , which has been registered in a number of countries, including Saudi Arabia and Malaysia. In terms of innovative layout, the company and the compound are large.
A regular exchange of experts from universities, colleges and colleges; targeting of new drug opportunities in Chinese medicine, active distribution of new drug formulations in medical institutions, and promotion of the Guangzhou City Centre for Medicines project
The company focuses on market value management. In 2024, the base of 24h2 was relatively low, while the new management of the company was gradually overtaken by events and business efficiency was expected to increase, such as 25h1 health plates in catering channels and i.e.,
Sinda Securities Inc. performed well in the drinking market, 25h2 or promising to continue the trend; the drug in 25h1 was found in the owner ' s cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
Some factors such as moving out of stock, while 25h2 is gradually entering the medication season (high onsets such as flu), the Chinese medicine business is expected to warm up gradually in Beijing, Beijing, in the city's west-city area, at Golden Gate 127 West Avenue, A.D.b. 25h2.
\triangleright Risk factors: product extension risk, unexplored tea market, competitive market risk, should \triangleright
In 2024, the Cadastre instrument was introduced, covering medical services, cxo, upper life sciences, Chinese medicine, etc. In 2023, the Cadastre instrument was added to cover research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, the Cadastre instrument was added, covering Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.