At the end of 2018, at its annual marketing meeting, Maotai in Guizhou announced a major overhaul of the distribution channels, which has attracted a lot of attention from investors.
What is the increase in direct sales channels, how the change of channels could have an impact on sales parity/profits, and answer some other questions? Why now reform? To reduce rent-seeking opportunities and potential corruption, you have frozen the economy.
In addition, the “new retail” online distribution model introduced in 2016 has not progressed as expected, mainly because the drying has failed to eliminate online/underline arbitrage opportunities (although this model can help companies to know their customers in greater depth).
Enterprise value: rmb759.3bn/$112.4bn sales channel, opening new shops and increasing the sales power of third parties, such as supermarkets and wire retailing.
Decline, the share of the total sale of the maut liquor in 2019 is expected to drop from 80 per cent in 2018 to aej ' s strong buy-in/sale list gssustain50 concern list
Fifty-six per cent, and the importance of direct distribution channels will rise. Recovering profits: We believe that the above-mentioned adjustment will accelerate the reform of channels, not only to raise price-fixing capacity, but also to restore profit shares in the value chain by increasing direct sales investment.
Cost discounts are calculated back in 2019. Given your state ' s market leadership and clear per share of profit (rmb), investors should take into account the possible conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider this report as the only investment decision to be made.
Guizhou Mao Dai (600519.ss) Income statement (rmmmn) Guizhou Mao Dai (600519.ss)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ondec28, whichwecontessestartofstructuralreforms. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It's like mooutaie-companyandmoutaimarkey company.
Even the juicy marginsavailable, tradecompaniesare everykeentowardeda disistrificationlicationlicenseisttiswanttograbmoresuplyandmerchants lobbyfor'written-notes'thatatlowthemtopolchaslowerprided product.so,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Notlyimportantforthecompanybutisalsohighlyvaledbythegovernment( which owns 100%oftheparentgroupofmoutai).
Inordertoutouttheopportunitiesforrentseting, the companydecidedtofreeze the numberofmemberistributormbersanddistritionquotas.accordingtomanage, other likelytodeditionalcontractplaninclusorsorbots, and the companywillnot
Increasehenemberofdristristorsorfranchistedstoresgoorwardingforward.asaresultofthispolicy,weexacttoseeablerestructuringofthesaleschannelswithmorevolumeshipfromdristrististordirectsaleschannel.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, I don't know. I don't know, I don't know.
Salesvolumethroughdistriburtorchannelaccoundedforover80%offtotalmooutaispirits January 22nd, 2019
It's not like I'm going to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to the door, and I'm going to the door, and I'm going to the door, and I'm going to the door, and I's going to the door, and I's going to the door.
It's 12-15%. On the otherhand, weestimatesalesvolumethroughthedirectsalleschanneltomore thantriplein2019s2019s.2018toacaccountforc. 30% totalsvolumeofmoutatispits.we
I mean, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to have to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do the things, and I've the...
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, we believeemostfeasibleandstraightforwardformoutaiistopushproducesales throughself-ownedstoresbutthekeyquestionis-willthecompanylooktoopenews
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventorypileupandtheforeleiadtopricepressure, inourview. supermarkets-pricebalanceedtoincentivizeses fordirectionsalesthrough supermarketkets, otherisstilluncertaintyonhowitmayproceed.it.
I mean, it's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your kind words, e-commerce-potentialforcontractwithparent; cloudplatplatformidnotperformas fordirectionsalhroughe-com, themainisseistheconflictointerestweththeparent group, inourview.moutaicompanysold 4-5% ofmoutaispiritstoitsparientgroupin
You know, the pastseveralyears, accordingtoourestimatates, butbothmooutaicompanyandits paraentggroupssoselmoutaispiritsonline. theparantcompanysellsmooutaispiritsto motaie-company (25 per cent ownedbymoutaiand 73 per cent by theparantgroup), who
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, you're going to have to do it.
25% sinceoutawaytowns stakeofmoutaie-company, believeotheris the possibilityofbusinesscompetitivityandconflificinterestwiththeparent.itstillremains 22 January 2019
Tobeseenhetheparentcompanywillcedecontrolofmoutaie-companyto motaitoreconcilethisconfact.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Pushing productsaletothistplatatformatacompanyguidedpridedpriceandmarketprice (companyguidedpriceyerthan maretretailprice), arbitragateportunitiesarose. scalperstandardtotakeadvantageof
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1800/bottleinretailstoreswholetheguidedpriceofferedbycloudplatplatformwasrb 1499/bottle.somespecuratorsusedsoftwarftwaretoautomatically placeorsonoutai cloude-complatformandsnappedupquatatassoonassoonasthecompanyrelesedany.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2018, scalpersstillvisedwayindindarbitrageopportunities (sushiringpeople, ofentsorseniorcizens, tobuy the productsinstead).
Theclude-complatform, whichwas proposed by thecompanionov 2017, andsales throughthischannelisreactiveconstrinednowadays (30-40% occultors' allocatedvolumein2017vsc.10% in 2018, accordingtoourestimatates).inmanyways,
There's nouncledindemmer 2018 supersede the 2017onlineplan. writtennotesandcustomized-notmovingthedial fortheothermainingdirectsaleschannelscludingwritten-noteandcustostedproducts.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to have to do it.
Second, theex-factorypriceofversionproducesstilllow (rmb 1299/bottlefor 53% volfeitianmoutai) comparedtootheretailpriceoftandardproducts (rmb 1800/bottle for 53% volfeitianmooutai).
It's noarbitrageopportunity, butstill, webelievamoutaiwillneedtothinkofpricingand keepabalancebetweenpriceandvolumeforcustomizedproduct. 22 January 2019
Pricegapis thekeytosucessicindictsaleschannels inourview, pricegapistheoverridorfactataffectsthedirectsallesvolume.in
2012: moutaihadanaggressiveplantoopen 100+self-ownedstoresbuttisdidnot materialize. Thepricegabetweenretilpriceandex-factypriceoffeitianoutai peakedattheendof 2011andmoutaiwanttotakethisprofitbyopepingself-owned
However, thepricegapnarrowedswiftlyin 2012 duothothefellretilprissost the government'ssanti-colruptioncampaign.asaresult, opting self-ownstorresbecasecaselessprofitandmoutaidtheplanforratid
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, 50% of what I'm talking about, myself-ownstoresmaydereasharply.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I've got a lot of work to do, worksandrelshipshipswithbuyers, whichwethinkmakesitveryunliketythat motaicouldorwouldwanttocompletelyeliminateemfromitsssalesstructure.hence, goorward,weexpecttheistchanneltostillbribute~50%offtotalsales~50%
I don't know what you're talking about, volumeformoutai.
Wenotetathattoutai hasbeentackunderissueside the companyasrecentlyasnov, 2018, wherehechairmanofmooutaie-companywasremovedafter"internal
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
What's thecurrentsaleschannelattheex-factorlevel?
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about it.
1285franchisedstores. inthepastfiveyears, distriberchannelshasbeenthe dominantschannel, taking 80% +ofannualitssupply.forthebrand'sflagship produitianmooutai, thecompanyynsuppliestofranchiseddealersand
Frankisedstoresattheex-factorypriceofrim969/bottle, and, accordingtoour Channelcheck, the crrentwholesalepriceat which the sedistritorselltolower-tier distriburtorsorretailchannelsoverrm1700/bottle, implyingc. 43% Gross
Margin (muchhigherthanhistoricalaveregeof 25%). Wenethatthesedistributos canalsochooseselldirectlytoconsumers/groupbuyersataretailpriceofover rmb 1800/bottle, inchcasetheactualrossmarginfordbristorscowarddobeven
The company'sfranchised storestavebeenpositioned theformofretailstoresin
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Only 18 flogshipfranchised storesinairports/highspeedrailwayssacros the region, accoundingforvarelivesmallportionamongits1,285franchisedstores.
2) exportchannel: expertly 62 overseasdistribersformoutaispirits.in 2017, exportrevenueinclusalesofmutuspiritsandseriesproductsaccountedforts, c.7%offtalmoutarisssalesvolume.
In 2018, theliscoisexpedtorecord asaleoffrm3.8bn (incl-vat)toitsparentggroupetsameex-factorypriceasetstomedelstomedicdistributorts (e.g. feitianmooutaiattheex-factorypriceofrimb969),
Accordingtotheguidancefromthecompany. Weestimathatthesupplyvolumeof utensispiritto theparentgroupwouldbec 1500tonsin2018, accoundingfor 5%of totalsallesvolume.
, whichsels moutaispiritsatmall,anditsself-ownede-commerceplatformomoutai.cn.italsosells
It's difficult to understand, direct-throughitsmooutaicloud-platformtoitsendcustomsomers.accordingtomoutai's connectedtransactiondiscusures, weestimatethesalesvolumeofmoutaisipiritsfmotaie-companiatc. 1000tons.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company hasdiscloseditsdirectsdirectsvoruseandrevenueona quarterlybasisinthelastcoupleofyears.for9m18, revenuefromdirectsaleswas rmb3.87bn, 7.4%ofthefactorsoperatingreveue.weestimatethe2018revenueandsales
January 22nd, 2019, Guozhou Mautai (600519.ss) volumeofdirectsalesofmoutaispiritsatsatrim 7.05bn (11% oftotaloperating)
Thereafeofapproacheshatthecompanyatopsfordirectsales, including: — own-ownstores: crrentlyotheree36self-ownedstores, whichwerebuiltduring
2012withatotalexpenditureoffrmb850mn.basically thecompanyhasoneelf-owned streineachprovince, with more thanonestoreinbigcitieslikebeijingandshanghai. eachstorehasc.10tonsofvolumequatoraverateperyearwerithdisferentation
I don't know, betweenbigstoresandsmallstores.self-ownedstorelldirectdirecttoesterstheofficiallyguidedprice(e.g.forfeitiamoutaiattlam1499/botttle). —customized productssoldtogroupacouncounts: in 2014, mooutaifoundedthe
I don't know what you're talking about.
In 2018, accumulatingforonly 3% oftotalreveue, stillfarromtheinitialtargetof 10% (of totalvolume) setin 2014, andmuchlowerthantherm5bnrevenuetarsetsfor2017. — written-notes: consumerbuyproductsdirectlyfromfromcompanyata
I don't know what you're talking about.
Volume, butforthistodecreaseinthecomingyearsasasthecompanyputsincreasing ephasisonaddressingmisuseofhischannel. — largesupermarkets: in 2014, motuai, yonghuisuperstoresandshenzhenen
Guomaoyantradecompanyco-foundedatradecompanionspansibleforselling motaaispiritstolarge supermarkettsincluonghuisperstores, carrefour, walmart etc. thissaleschannelisstillilllaggingbedothers, accoundingforc.5%ofdirectsales
I don't know what you're talking about.
Tontoparentgroupin 2018 and Parentgroupgroupleverepagedmoutaie-companytosell c. 1000tons, accordingtoourestimatates.however, weestimatesaleofc.120tonsby mootaicompanydirectlytomorgee-complatforms, Suchasjd.comin2018.
January 22nd, 2019.
Weestimatatthathesaleschannelchangeewillehavenimpactonblendaspfor moutaispiritsandthusaffectreveau, marginsandearnings.moutai'sblenedasp couldn'tbeaffordedthough3channels: (1) priciekhikehichisguidedbythecompany; (2)
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Heketookeffect.asastrut, weestimate1%aspincreasein2019.forproductmix upgrade, managementhopeddtodirectidirectionalsalesvolumetopmiumproducts, sowethinkmooutaimayprovidemorejingpinmunoutai,vintagemoutaiandzodiac
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
13% aspincreaseformoutaispiritsin2019. 22 January 2019 Guozhou Maotai (600519.ss)
Fornon-directsaleslansinclusingdistributorchannels, suplytoparentgroupand exportsperourestimatates.fordirectsaleschannels, theoveralltrossmarginishinger thannon-directsbaresbarrowendsistriformsamongvarioustypesofdirection
Saleschannel.themostprofitablechannelshaveenself-ownedstoresand written-note, whichhavemanedtoachiievec. 95% Gross profitmarmarginistically.we estamatetherosmarginofmooutaispiritstoincrease0.5 ppt,from93.8% in2018to
94.3% in2019andcompanyebitmargin/npmargintoincrease0.9ppt/0.7pptto wealsoconductedscenarionalisforthsaleschannelchangeaneandanalyzed blendedosphofmoutaspiritsbydirectsalesonrevenueandnetprofit.inourbase
Case, wehaverm1366botleformoutaispirits blenedasprtoughddirectsalesin 2019, whichisbasedonoursaleschannelbreakdown.inthebackcase/bullcase,we assume-10/10% changeondirectsalesasp.asaresource, ourrevenuechangesby
- 3.0/2.6%andnetprofitby-3.4%/3.0%repactivelyAccordinglytoourestimatates.whatworldbe both labouractsbeyondearnings? asdiscussedinpreviiousreport (2018 resultsand2019guidanceinline, structural)
I don't know what you're talking about, reformdebut) ,wethinkothereaididealbenefitsbesbysidesimprovementif the company sticktollanned saleschannelreformmentsmoothly.first, the 22 January 2019
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
epsby 3.5-6.6% mainlyesterflexactreastracreascreascreasteofmoutaispiritsduetasales rmb842 (frromrmb708), stillbasedon22xpe, butrolledoverto 2022e, anddiscounded back to 2019e (10% sectorcoe).previousweused22x2021epe,discounted
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"Governanceproblems duetomanagechanges, andlowerthanextectedsales channelshiftfromistribustodirectsales. 22 January 2019
Guizhou Maotai (600519.ss) 22 January 2019
I, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combined comparison of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the year’s projections of capital return indicators, such as croci, the average use of capital.
Rates of return and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market surpluses, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, and net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
We then rate the company against M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & A (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent), and three have a relatively low probability of Qantum quantum, a highly proprietary database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent returns on capital, sustainable competitive advantages and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social and corporate governance).
Industry is based mainly on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of the performance of enterprises in these three areas. Liao Ying Hau, cfa: a share of media, a share of food drinks.a A share of food drinks: anhuiguingdistilleryco., jiangsuring'sluckbrewery, jiangsuyanghe, kweichowmooutai, luzhoulaojiao, qinghaihuzhu
Barleywineco., Shanxixinghuacunfenwine, sichuanswellfunco., tsingtaobrewery(a), wuliangyeyibin.a Media unit: alphagroup, beijingenlightmediaco., beijinggehuacatv, beijinghualubainafilm&tvco., bluefucuscompulsion, chinath soubblishing&media, focusmediainformationtech, guangdongadvertishing, huaybrothersmedia, imaxchining, jiangsuzhouding
Phoeenix, orientalpearl, ourpalmco., Wandafilm, zhejianghuacefilm&tv. Statutory disclosures relating to companies. Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: kweichowmooutai (rmb665.66)
Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: kweichowmoutai (rmb665.66) Company rating, research industry and rating and related definition of return decision. Any stock that has not received or sold a rating and has an active rating (i.e. not a suspension of rating, a temporary rating, a suspension of research or an unresearched stock) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in the industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Board. Moreover, each regional investment assessment board manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which changes the investment rating of these stocks.
Gives investment ratings and price targets. The investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.
22 January 2019 Guozhou Maotai (600519.ss)