q3 recorded a rapid increase in non-net interest and a significant increase in net operating cash flows
5.09 per cent net profit of 2,192 million yuan, an increase of 20.08 per cent in the same year, business continuity and increased profitability
R & D invested 19.6 billion yuan, or 21.3 per cent of operating income, and worked at three levels: “Core bottom breakthroughs, infrastructure and capacity upgrading, and productivity and trade efficiency”, to create a comprehensive and efficient digital base for the industry.
1) Operator network operations: industry leadership continues, and external agency reports indicate that products such as the company ' s 5g base station, 5g core network, 200g light network, etc. are the second-largest, 5gran product in the world
Obtaining globaldata leader rating: Practice No. 15005210100022) Businesses: by server and storage, new generation data centre, data centre switch, optical transmission
The main products are the rolling stock, databases, cloud computers, etc., and the Internet, finance, electricity, etc., continue to grow deep. 3) Consumer business: moving images, games, gpt+ar glasses, tablet computers, mobile wifi, 5gcpe, etc.
Fwa has maintained the world’s highest rate of penetration; the world’s first one, the naked 3d tablet computer nubiapad3d, the flagship image ship nubiaz50spro, the electric phone redhead 8spro, and new smart terminals such as Bladev50Design, nubianeo5g, are being marketed globally.
Communications in the Middle East: an era, layout and computing, whole industry chain, opening a new course - Value Change, Current Depth Series 3 (Arithmetic)
"Climate Communications: Full Screen Power Global Lead, Consumer Electronics Return - Value Realization at Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)"
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Deepen the two main directions of “connectivity + numeracy” with a continuous layout in the 5g-a area where companies provide end-to-end smartness solutions, including large-scale 10,000-carat clusters, calibration machines, etc. At the same time, they launch the data centre series Zxr 109900x, which meets the traffic carrying and transmission needs of data centres over the next 10 years.
(b) In the context of large models, companies use the “1+n+x” strategy to develop generic large models autonomously and train large models in “n” areas through advance training in knowledge in the field, including the development of large code models, large communication models, large government models, large park models, etc.
(b) In the area of 5g-a, companies continue to deepen their 5g application landscape innovation and expansion, working with operators to accelerate technological and industrial maturity in Asia with a series of 5g-a series of innovative technology enabling events, such as a megabyte network, an intelligent supersurface, and a sense of integration;
The first industry-based pre-commercial validation of an industrial on-site network based on 5g-a technology, the first case of 5g-a-fiscal integrated vehicle network architecture technical validation, laboratory validation of a low-orbiting satellite broadband operation, nr-ntn. The continued value of strong technology R&D power in new applications has become the core competitive strength and long-term growth logic.
There is a general perception in the market that future growth in corporate performance will continue to rely on a 5g-cycle upswing, driving the growth of the operator’s business, focusing too much on the firm’s net book profits and the propriety of the operator’s capital expenditure, ignoring the company’s continued high R & D investment, which has shaped a strong technological power. We believe that at this stage, the 5g will continue to be invested, except for a massive increase in the operator’s business.
In addition, in the aigc age of computing, companies will be able to develop the power of a second curve, such as chip, server, switch & router, liquid cold technology, software algorithms, databases, etc., which is expected to hold the company back to its long-term growth base.
Basic, intensive development of core technologies such as chips, operating systems and databases, intelligent, networked and nationalized accelerated or accelerated deployment of core technologies of accelerated firms in arithmetic infrastructure, auto electronics, consumer electronics, industrial Internet, financial technology and new energy sources
The company is the leading global provider of the ict solution, with basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., and is expected to open the company's second-growth curve by giving more digital economy applications to basic capabilities.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing industry and the cloud computing Idc industry. Chen Guangyi, a member of the Communications Group, a Ph.D. in Physics, Peking University, and a condensed physics major. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, the fields of cable & telecommunications new energy, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.