A steady development highlights resilience and the continued increase in the Maori rate Summary of events: the company published its three-quarter report in 2023, achieving business income of $893.9 billion in the first three quarters of 23 years, and \triangleright
Millions of yuan, a 27.9 per cent increase in the same year, realized business income of $28,690 million in the three quarters alone, a 12.4 per cent decrease in the same year; achieved net profit of $2.37 billion for the mother, a 5.1 per cent increase in the same year; achieved net profit of $2.19 billion for the non-return to the mother, a year-on-year growth q3 performance pressure, and continued growth in the Māori rate. Short-term revenue pressure, we believe, is still uncertain.
By the end of September, the country had accumulated 3.189 million open 5g base stations, construction of 5g was continuing, and China moved, China connected, and China Telecom opened 5g base stations in May/August/September, respectively. The winning bid took some time to confirm the collection.
The recovery is expected to contribute to a steady increase in corporate operators ' operations. 2) Government and consumer operations are subject to both domestic and foreign macroeconomic influences, requiring the maintenance of high R & D inputs and the competitiveness of the three main products.
21.32 per cent, or an increase of 3.92 pct over the same period, the company's full power in “core bottom breakthroughs, infrastructure and capacity upgrades, production and efficiency improvements” to build a fully efficient digital base. (1) Operators' network: core products continue to lead the industry, and external reports indicate that the company's volume of products, such as 5g base stations, 5g core networks, 200g light networks, etc.
The semi-annual coverage of the year 2023 is the second-largest worldwide, 5-gran product receiving a globaldata leader rating. (2) Government business: continuing deep cultivation.
Top customers in the Internet/finance/electricity sector have also been able to break through. Based on the industrial on-site network + digital nebula 2.0 structure, communications depth report (000063.sz) is reported: ictlong
Industry/metallurgical steel/transport/mines/digital cities, etc., have developed super-drilling partners for the scale application of landscapes such as park construction, company-wide transition calculations, the second curve opening up growth space - 2 plants. (3) Consumer operations: mobile interconnected products 5gmb&fwa holding up.
The world’s first, the global headline, Nubiapad3d, the video flagship, Nubiaz50spro, 3. China Communications (000063.sz) Quarterly, 2023.
Remark: The Māori rate has improved significantly, ict drives performance over expectations - the second curve continues to move forward and deepens the “connection plus arithmetic” exploration practice. The company has accelerated the layout by 5g-a, working hand in hand 2023/04/24
Business accelerates technological and industrial maturity to complete the first industrial on-site validation of 5g-a technology based on technology, pre-commercial validation of the industry's first 5g-a-technology-based industrial on-site validation,
The first example is the technical validation of the integrated vehicle network architecture, laboratory tests of the low-orbiting satellite broadband operation nr-ntn 5. Mid-Since Communications (000063.sz) tri-quarter 2022; in the area of intelligence, end-to-end smartness solutions, including large-scale 10,000-car clustering, training of one machine, etc.
Assessment: maintenance of a new base, high-quality development period - 2022/, launching of the data centre of the Zxr 109900x series to meet data centre traffic carrying and transmission needs over the next 10 years, conversion of high-capacity core routers, zxr 10t 8000-x16 and hypervelocity light transmission equipment, etc., and building arithmetic initiative
\triangleright Investment Proposal: Combined companies with a second curve and further improved quality of operations, domestic political and business market demand and sea \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.