The rate of short-term pressure on Māori in q3 has continued to rise and Cao Xute q3 has achieved an operating income of $28,690 million, a decline of 12.4 per cent over the same period, slightly lower than we had previously expected.
We believe that the current global digital economy is booming and that infrastructure development in the digital economy is still on the rise in the first three quarters of the pre-development period of Jang Jianyu's Māori rate, with a significant increase in impairment losses.
The company’s Māori rate increased steadily in the first three quarters. The Māori rate in the first three quarters was 43.7 per cent for the same period as in the previous three quarters, when the 6.2 companies increased by $820 million in asset impairments in the previous three quarters, an increase of 88.8 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the company’s increasing research and development efforts in the current period, deepening its exploration practices in the two main directions of “connectivity plus numeracy”.
In the first three quarters of the year, R & D costs totalled $19.6 billion, an increase of 18.3 per cent over the previous three quarters. In the area of 5g-a, the company continued to contract 5g applications for innovative expansion, completing the first industry based on 5g-
a Pre-commercial validation of the technology ' s industrial on-site network, first case 5g-a, technical certification of the integrated vehicle network architecture, laboratory certification of the low-orbit satellite broadband operation nr-ntn. In the field of pon, the company completed the first 50 gpon&xgs-poncombo pilot.
A new generation of fttr products roompon 5.0. 990x series data centre switches, high-capacity core routers zxr 10t 8000-x16 and ultra-high speed light transmission equipment, etc., to build the arithmetic aortic artery.
The semi-annual news bulletin (000063.sz) Review: a significant reference to the Māori rate of steady growth in performance of h1, and the quarterly news bulletin (000063.sz)
Assessment: q1 performance exceeded expected net profits by a significant 5g below expectations, trade friction between Central America and the United States further escalated, and macroeconomic recession abroad.
Q3 performance is in line with the expected rapid increase in the second curve
Jianwoo Zhang, Master of Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, formerly employed in China and China, with many years of work experience in the ict industry, joined the Port Shin Port Securities in November 2021.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis