On 23 October 2023, the company published a 23-year quarterly report, which was collected during the reporting period.
1. Midheath Communications Company Review: Connectivity + Arithmetic Co-development, Sustained Profiting, Increased R & D Investment and Sustained Profitability. Single q3 achieved $28,690 million in revenue.
During the reporting period, it benefited from an increase in the Māori rate of the operator's operations, the overall Māori rate of the company.
43.67%, an increase of 6.2 pp in the same year, with a continuous optimization of costs, with a net profit rate of 8.7% and an increase of 1.5 pp in the same year. Companies have intensified their worldwide product innovation by investing 19.6 billion yuan in R&D in the first half of the year, accounting for 21.3% of their revenue, and a net operating cash flow of 9.26 billion yuan.
Connectivity + Arithmetic Synergy, ict driving hyperbolic growth. Companies maintain their second-largest global delivery of 5g base station, 5g core network, consumer business household end productponcpe,
The roof box and mobile interconnection product 5gmb&fwa remain the world's largest shipment volume, and business continues to expand the use of ict devices for front-line customers in the Internet, finance, electricity, etc.
The first case was the technical validation of the integrated vehicle network architecture and the laboratory validation of the nr-ntn low-orbit satellite broadband operation, with the introduction of a large-capacity switch and router to provide a single machine and large-scale intelligence cluster and solutions.
The age of intelligence deepens the ai layout and pushes for a re-evaluation of the value of the network’s flagship. The company’s enablers construct the “connection plus arithmetic plus capability” thinkboards, with an increasing share of the operator’s capital expenditure in the net, the company’s global share remains much higher.
The acceleration of the process led to the introduction of a digital nebula 2.0, building on the accumulation of years of ict capabilities in the communications sector, the gradual consolidation of the second business curve, the strategic leap beyond the stage of development, and the prospect of a gradual upturn in the market valuation hub.
The expansion of the field share was accompanied by rapid growth in the second curve, commercialization of “buy-in” 5g below expectations, capital expenditure by operators below expectations and expansion of new business