In the third quarter, research and development investment continued to grow, working to build a global digital economy base, and the company grew steadily in the third quarter of 2023, with a net profit of $28,690 million in revenue.
In 22 years, operators accounted for 65 per cent of corporate income. In 23 years, the growth in capital spending by operators slowed, with the completion rate of the three major operators being 44 per cent/42/36 per cent in six months, the rate of completion slowed, and there was some delay in the delivery of q3 and the recognition of revenue by the operators of communications equipment, resulting in a loss of one of the company ' s revenues.
In addition, there has not been a significant recovery in the profile of the company’s two other major government firms and terminals. Continued growth in R & D inputs and self-research chips has led to a significant increase in Mäori levels.
As a result, the company has focused on autonomous and manageable development of national production, and has continued to tap into the development of the bottom-of-the-chips of the 5g communications network, and has acquired the industry’s leading process-wide design capability. The company has invested $19.06 billion in research and development in the last three quarters, representing 21.3 per cent of business income, and the Māori rate of core technology mastery has been increasing for 23 years.
q3 has a combined Māori rate of 44.6%, an increase of 6.5 pct over the previous 20 years, and a robust business effort to build a fully effective digital economy base. According to the company’s official public number, the market position of the company’s network of operators’ core products continues to be a leading industry, with 5g base stations, 5g core networks,
Products such as 200g of light networks are the second largest in the world, and 5g products are rated by the globaldata leader. Businesses use servers and storage, a new generation of data centres, data-centre exchanges, light transmissions, databases, cloud computers, etc., as the main players in the Internet, finance, electricity, etc.
The consumer business continues to contract mobile images, games competitions, gpt+ar glasses, flats, Middle-Emergency Communications (00063.sz) and net profit growth in the first half of 2023, whole-of-the-scenes smart ecology such as tablet computers, mobile wifi, and 5gcpe. In the cutting-edge technology layout, three seasons
The company completed the first industrial site network pre-commercial validation based on 5g-a technology, the first example 5g-a " Midway Communications (000063.sz) - the quarterly net return profit increased by 19 per cent over the same period, to accommodate the technical validation of the one-car network architecture, the certification of the nr-ntn low-orbit satellite broadband operations laboratory;
Communications (000063.sz) - Business quality is steadily improving, with 22 years of net profit and 109900x series of data centres meeting data centre traffic carrying and transmission needs for the next 10 years
Switchboards, high-capacity core routers zxr10t 8000-x16 and hypervelocity light transmission equipment, etc. Mid-Singing Communications (000063.sz) - Double-digit income profit growth in the first three quarters - investment proposal: slower growth and completion of operator capital expenditure, and global environmental changes,
In the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved a steady increase in net profits from its mother. In the third quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $28,690 million, a 27.9 per cent increase in the same year, and a net operating cash flow of $9,260 million, a 149 per cent increase in the same year.
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in central communications (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in medium communications (in billions, per cent) in single seasons
By focusing on autonomous development of national production, the company continues to tap into the bottom-of-the-line technology development of the 5g communications network, with industry leading chip full-process design capabilities. The company invested $19.06 billion in research and development in the last three quarters, accounting for 21.3 per cent of business income. The Māori ratio of core technology acquisition support to corporate products has been increasing, with a high Māori rate for q3 in 23 years.
Figure 6: Three rates of central communications (in %) Figure 5: central communications Māori and net interest rates (in %) Figure 7: medium communications single season Māori and net interest rates (in %)
Figure 8: Three rates of cost (in %) for the middle-swing communications season. Operators’ capital expenditure growth is slower and corporate growth is more intense. Operators’ business is corporate, with 65% of corporate income in 22 years. Operators’ investment in capital spending is slower in 23 years, moving, moving.
q3 Q3 delivery and revenue recognition has been delayed, affecting the company’s income from the business. In addition, the company’s profile of two other companies, both in government and in the end, has not recovered significantly.
The business and end business landscape has not improved significantly, with a downward shift in revenue and profit projections: the company's emphasis on nationally owned, controlled and core chip research and development, with a sustained increase in the Māori rate, while continuing investment in R&D, profitability and net interest rates are expected to improve in the future:
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject