Annual report for 2018. Year-round performance is up to expectations, and the sophisticated production of the poles continues. 16 April 2019.
Wei Hongmei published its annual report for 2018. In 2018, the company achieved a revenue of $38,350 million, which was in the margin of forecast and generally in line with expectations. In addition, the company announced its distribution plan, which was proposed.
In the broader context of the slowdown in the release of smartphones, the company ' s performance in recent years has been consistently high, with a combined increase in net profit returns of 1.05 and 0.19 percentage points per annum in recent years exceeding the growth rate of net profit returns.
Electronics accounts for 74.77% of revenue, which is the main reason for the company’s performance growth throughout the year. In 2018, the Department imported more new projects from large clients, and the output of new products effectively increased the firm’s industry.
Years of sophisticated manufacturing experience have led to the formation of three major business lines, including consumer electronics, telecommunications, and automobiles, which are truly sophisticated manufacturing poles. From past developments, the public sector’s products have been well-structured in a more forward-looking manner, taking full advantage of their sophisticated manufacturing advantages and focusing on priority customers.
The company is the main supplier of the big customer, the airpods, and the share of the supply is over 50%. Airpods has been on fire since the market, as reported by the counterpoint.
In March of this year, Apple released an upgraded version of Airpods, with wireless charger boxes, which is popular in the market and is now in hot sales. In our view, the new money, Airpods, has increased significantly compared to the old, and the ability of airpods to produce and profit will be increased for the company.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.