We're not going to be able to do that, but we're not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
"component-module-system" businessmodel.
All right, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.
Iriszhang consumerectonicswithrobustgrovethmomentum.eveningroom purecomponentsuppliertomodule/systemproviders, luxharenowoffersa
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's got a job, but I'm the only one who's got a job, and I'm the one who's got a job, and I'm the one who's the one who's got a job.
Modules (e.g. lcpantena, lra, wireleschargingrx/tx) .meanwhile, luxsharestrivestobroadenpenetrationintodifforientatedproducts (from macbook/iphod, iphonetowables), and expandshareallocineach
, attheextensions/haptics)andgoerek (acoustics/airpods).
It's not like he's got a job, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it, she's got it's got it,
I don't know, well-positionedtocapturerowing 5goopportunitieswistrablished productions, including 1) high-speedcopperandopticalcables/ shareperformance
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions and bisdoesnotprovideindividulytailloredinvendmentationmentation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm sure I'm not going to do that.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it.
The publicisations are different from the generalisation, point-of-viewanalyticalmethodswhencompiling.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but it's not a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you.
Order 2005 (asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49 (2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc. ),oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanyothorpersonswofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis. thisportidentendedforfordstor"majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedrule15a-6undertheus, secrities15a-6unders.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.