18 years of performance meets expectations, and the new business of large clients continues to break through.
• Advanced publication of the 2018 annual report: (1) revenue of $35,850 million, an increase of 57.06 per cent over the previous year; attribution to the top, an increase of 77.67 per cent; net operating cash flows of $3,142 million, an increase of 176,114 per cent over the previous year; and eps performance in line with expectations.
\triangleright 2, the main reasons for the growth in performance: (1) consumer e-business breaking out of new products and the share of older products for large clients up to $26.8 billion, an increase of 76.50 per cent over the same period; (2) optimized product structure and improved operational efficiency,
The strategy of “New Clients of the New Market for Old Products” has worked well, creating a global diversified zero-component technology enterprise.
\triangleright 1, connectors, acoustics, antennas, wireless chargers and vibrating motors act as engines of growth, and production continues to climb up the slopes, and good rates and efficiency continue to increase their profitability.
Research reports that in 2018 there were about 46 million real wireless headphones worldwide, of which about 35 million were delivered by airpods, and that global real wireless headphones are expected to reach 129 million in 2020.2 Airpods are favoured by iPhone users because of their ease of use, comfort, sound quality, etc.
High sales and future penetration rates are increasing, traditional (watch parts, airpods, etc.) performance is expected to be higher, and the volume and share of products sold by large clients are expected to grow faster than expected. The company’s plant and land reserves are adequate, and capital spending this year is expected to be higher.
Prospectively ahead of schedule, keeping an eye on the growth of the company, high innovation in research and development, leading the way in communications and automobile business, benefiting 5g trend \triangleright
lcp, ltcc programme, in collaboration with the industry's leading business, Xinyang Electronics, on fpc; communications operations are in the production phase, with continuous input in areas such as interconnected products (high-speed connectors, high-speed cable components), radio frequency base stations (base station antennas, filters, etc.), photovoltaics (source cables, light modules), etc., and clients are well stocked and will be exposed
The company awarded 97.3 million stock options to 1,870 core cadres. We believe that, despite consumer electronics progressing into maturity, the company continues to break out of its old business with excellent product capacity, managerial capacity, intelligent manufacturing levels, and that the volume of single machine value continues to grow and will continue to benefit from forward-looking communications and automobile operations.
The Bureau will continue to grow at a high level in the future, and industry leads, maintaining a “recommended” rating.1 New business expansion for large clients is less than expected;2 the share of new products is higher than expected; and 3,iphone sales are below expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.