B. Explicit (002475.sz)
The company’s performance increased rapidly in 2018, with the Māori rate and the cost rate largely stable points. The sales cost rate was 1.08%, an increase of -0.3 percentage points from the previous year.
At a later stage, the company will strictly control capital expenditure through ad hoc controls, and will continue to analyse the return on investment in capital expenditure.
Companies will take full account of the effective use of various financing instruments at different stages, as required by their development strategies, to create greater benefits for shareholders. Over the last three years, companies have invested $4,989 million in research and development, and their share of operating income has continued to rise.
Consumer electronics: multi-grade expansion, significant drivers of growth in performance: $26,807 million in consumer electronics business, a 77 per cent increase in the same year, and a Māori rate of 21.19 per cent.
We have an advantage in expanding our business areas, based on the excellence of our core clients in previous years and the company's advance regulations on products and customers, and the next three years will be the next three years for clusters such as connectors, acoustics, antennas, wireless chargers and vibration motors.
"Intelligent: Multi-products will lead to multi-dimensional business expansion, combined with market demand for the growth of a wearing, healthy industry, company lined up and expected q3 performance growth."
The performance over the next three years remains positive.
Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated component operations account for 3,733 million yuan, an increase of -14 per cent, and Māori 21.44 per cent, an increase of -0.41 percentage points.
Automobile interconnection products and precision components generated $1.728 billion, an increase of 53 per cent, Māori 16.72 per cent, an increase of 0.22 percentage points, and communications interconnection products and precision components, 2,152 million yuan, an increase of 30 per cent, Māori
The rate was 20.82 per cent, an increase of -0.81 percentage points in the same year, while the other connectors and other businesses received $1,431 million, an increase of 184 per cent in the same year and the Māori rate of 22.7 per cent, an increase of 0.5 percentage points in the same year.
Connectors are growing faster than computer-connected products.
In the area of communications, the company has developed a layout of full-chain products and programmes around "cloud," "pipe," "end" and "end" . With the advent of the 5g era, the company’s base station antennas, filters, and data centres are interconnected.
In the area of automobile markets, companies have formed more complete zero-component product lines, such as wire beams, connectors, electronic modules, embedded plastics, etc., and have deposited a better base in the area of new energy vehicles.
In 2016, he joined a network of securities with a certificate number: s03005160001.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.