Chu's high-speed growth of 3q18 continued, while the company's Māori and net profit rates remained at a better level, performing well.
Looking ahead, consumer electronic innovation continues, and companies are expected to benefit in the long term as flat companies in the areas of connectors, acoustics, antennas. In addition, companies will continue to realize a net profit of $2.72 billion for communications and automobile-related purposes, 61% for yoy and $0.66 for eps.
The corresponding 4q18 company achieved revenue of 13.7 billion yuan, 54 per cent for yoy, 1.07 billion yuan, 75 per cent for yoy, and continued its rapid growth. Sub-operational income from consumer electronics increased by 77 per cent to 26.8 billion dollars, with the share rising to 75 per cent, while the ratio from Maori was higher.
In 2017, a 1.7 percentage point increase was made, and the company's approach to “old customers, new products” was well implemented against a background of a weak overall Māori ratio in 2018 compared to the previous year, with the continued increase in the share of Apple's industrial chain, and the contribution of acoustics, motors, wireless chargers to the public.
The growth of the Division's performance provides an impetus to reflect the pattern of good corporate products and strong managerial manufacturing capacity; in addition, the company's electronic and telecommunications interconnections and sophisticated components have grown by more than 50 and 30 per cent, respectively, further increasing the growth rate of corporate performance.
Ten thousand, or 2.37% of the total share capital. The incentive reached 1,899, covering directors, executives, mid-level and core technical cadres, and 93.69% of the total amount awarded. We believe that the programme will have a wide range of incentives that will motivate staff to move forward.
High corporate management efficiency, positive impact. Profit forecasting: a single cell phone has a relatively limited impact on the public sector as a whole, given the wide product line coverage in the company's apple chain, and new products such as airpods continue to grow at a very high rate.
As a result, we expect that corporate consumer electronics revenues will continue to grow at a relatively rapid rate in 2019, and that revenues from communications, automobile-related products are expected to increase at a high rate of more than 50 per cent, whichever is expected from the company ' s expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.