High performance growth, looking at the new ecology of the corporate business model, strongly recommended (maintaining) Li Xiao (Research Assistant)
This represents an increase of 57.06 per cent in the same year; a net return of 2,723 million yuan, or 61.05 per cent in the same year; a gross profit of 21.05 per cent in sales, or 1.05 pct in the same year; a net interest rate of 7.85 per cent in sales, or 0.19 pct in the same year; and a net cash flow of 3,142 million yuan in operating activities, or 1761.1 per cent in the same year.
There has been a marked reversal in profitability, high growth in consumer electronics, automobiles and communications operations, sustained high growth in 2018, improved sales rates and net interest rates, and a marked reversal in staff capacity.
The Division’s performance in consumer electronics continued to be excellent, indicating a smoother business expansion around a client. The combined firm’s net profit forecast for the first quarter was 70-90% higher than the net return for the first and second quarters of the last three years, indicating that the company’s automobile and communications operations were moving into a fast-growing drive.
Business capacity continues to grow, with high R & D investment in new corporate business expansion of billions of yuan, an increase of 63.10 per cent over the same period, combined with the company's experience in integrating and learning capabilities in high-precision systems.
Three key technologies, such as cluster networks, massivemimo and millimetre waves, have led to changes in cellular and base-side antenna architecture and material development, and we believe that companies now have sufficient technological reserves to capture the industry's efficient merger and acquisition of a positive feedback system for the “component module terminal” product model.
Companies have a strong market position in consumer electronic connectors and technological experience in research and development, which can be used as a basis for extending to other business such as connectors, speakers, and antennas. With highly sophisticated system integration, experience and learning ability, companies first expand product classes around a customer and then expand to domestic and international customers.
He's a big client. We think the company's big clients are looking at efficient M&As as a way to transform the product model into a new eco-approach, a new business model.
This positive feedback system, while giving companies room to grow, is effective in the media sector research experience. Continuous follow-up of cultural media and education, accumulates in the areas of recreation, education, marketing services, publishing, etc.
A wealth of research experience has been gained, with emphasis on industrial chain research and analysis, and efforts have been made to extract investment value from industrial supply and demand analysis and marginal changes in the industrial chain.