The Central Report guides continued high growth, with 5g and smart clothing providing full coverage.
66.9 per cent long; net profit on maternity is 616 million yuan, or 85.04 per cent higher than the previous year, close to the forecast ceiling. With the high profile of the industry that benefits from the use of intelligence, performance continues to grow at a high rate: q1 is a low-season season for consumer electronics, with company income rising at 67 per cent per year, net profit on maternity at 85 per cent per year, and high growth in both.
The main benefits are: 1) the high profile of the intelligent apparel industry, and we expect a rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered by the company during the first quarter of the year, with a significant improvement in profit margins; 2) the company ' s entry into a large number of new products in the second half of the year, with a rapid increase of 19q1; 3) base stations, data centre business groups, share
▪ Rates have improved significantly, and profitability has increased: the company has 18.89% Maori in the first quarter, and profitability has remained stable. On the cost side, the company’s sophisticated manufacturing power is strong, new products are imported, and the profitability of its products is rapidly enhanced through management excellence and product efficiency improvements.
Corporate sales, management, financial rates improved by 0.44, 0.59, 1.33 percentage points, R&D rates stabilized, resulting in a 1.1 percentage point increase in net interest rates on a year-on-year basis, reaching 7.04 per cent.
High growth, 5 g, and smart wears, which continue to be noted in the second half of the year. Looking ahead, we're projecting that the Airpods will be able to deliver more than 2 a year, and that's good news (002475): one season.
The report continues to be over-expected, with sophisticated production of dragons, and, according to the central layout of base-station antennas, filters and data centre interconnectivity products, there will also be sufficient city-wide persistence.
At the same time, the company ' s car connector product continues to break through the garage and the Tier 1 client, 3, Precision (002475): high annual growth, benefiting 5g, driving precision manufacturing.
The 19-year valuation still leaves much room for improvement. Vi Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.