A high 18-year growth rate, 5 g and smart wears continued to inject growth Public announcement: company announcement 2018, annual operating income of $35,850 million, an increase of 57,06 per cent, a growth of 53.67 per cent and a net profit of $1.07 billion for mothers, an increase of 75.15 per cent.
▪ High performance in consumer electronics, automobiles, communications operations and high performance growth: 18 years of corporate revenue increased by 57 per cent, profit increased by 61 per cent, and high growth in both of the low consumer electronics industry, mainly as a result of: 1) rapid growth in the output of beneficiary airpods, motors, motors, etc.
lcp antennas, wireless charging into large customers, and an increase in the share of acoustics, consumer electronics, 26.8 billion dollars, a 76.5 per cent increase over the same period; 2) base station operations are well under way, communications product revenues, improved profitability, improved cash flow: the company ' s 18-year Māori rate of 21.05 per cent, net interest rate
7.85 per cent increase of 1.05 per cent and 0.19 per cent, respectively, mainly as a result of improved rates of consumption of electronic products, improved profitability of airpods, over-expected profitability of newly imported ccp antennas, wireless chargers, linear motors, etc.
By 21.19 per cent, the same year, it rose by 1.73 percentage points. At the same time, the company's 18q4 cash flow continued to be over-predicted, with precision producing champions, 5 g and smart wearings, and precision manufacturing taps continued to grow at a high rate: airpods, watch
2019-03-28) represents a product of intellectual clothing, with ease and good sports and health experience, 2, and "Standing Up " (002475): year-round
Most consumers welcome the high growth in the output of products that companies are expected to benefit from. As the 5g rises to high levels, the 5g benefits drive precision manufacturing, and the company gradually moves around the base-station antennas, filters and data centres around the layout of the base stations and data centres.
A new cycle of growth will lead to a fully competitive market for interconnected products. At the same time, the company’s car-connector product continues to break through the entire factory and Tierl customers, and will provide steady growth in the future.
3 : Performance improvement and continued expansion of sophisticated manufacturing platforms, based on the firm’s expected faster performance growth over the last two years, still leaves much room for improvement in the 19-year valuation.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board