Quarterly performance forecast rating (002475) Quarterly performance exceeded expectations, and Quarterly Quarter Quality made champions persistently strong 29 March 2019
The company announced its performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019 in the evening of 28 March. The company expects to realize a return net profit of between $565 million and $632 million in the first quarter of 2019.
In recent years, performance has been excellent and persistently high. In the larger context of a 5g switch cycle that has not yet officially started, smart hands innovation has slowed, and output has continued to decline, companies have performed well and maintained their resilience.
The company’s performance was expected to increase by 61.31% in 2018, and the multi-positioning of nearly five business areas was also linked to the company’s strong landing capacity. The business was more flowering, and the cutting edge of the elite was always strong. The company began to operate as a connector for many years.
Three major lines of business, including consumer electronics, communications, and car electronics, have been created. From past developments, the company’s product layout has been more forward-looking, taking full advantage of its sophisticated manufacturing advantages, and is structured around priority customers.
On March 28, 2019, Airpods: New products add to the company’s performance. The company is the main supplier of the big customer Airpods, which supplies more than 50% of the goods. Airpods have continued to explode since they were listed, and according to a report by the CounterPoint,
Airpods sold about 35 million copies in 2018. Apple released an upgraded version of Airpods with wireless chargers in March of this year, which was well received by the market and is currently in short supply. We believe that the new roe (tttm) is in short supply.
Airpods are rising significantly compared to the old, and airpods' ability to deliver and profit from it will be given the company a maximum price of 5g in December, with a breakthrough in communications. The construction of 5g is under way, and the company has already done so ahead of schedule.
The product consists mainly of base station antennas, filters, and light modules. The number of communication bands in the 5g era has increased significantly, filter integration has become more difficult, mimo technology has increased the number of base station antennas by increasing base station numbers, which will improve prices; in addition, frequency increases have increased the speed light module.
The equity incentive scheme highlights management confidence. The company has simultaneously released a seven-year equity incentive program.
And $65 billion. We believe that the incentive plan fully reflects management’s confidence in the company’s future development prospects, contributes to the full mobilization of core staff’s motivation for work, and that the firm’s high growth is expected to continue.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.