The performance of 19q1 is in line with expectations, and the new business of large clients is progressing well
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 85.04 per cent on a year-on-year basis and net profits off the back of the mother were $521 million, an increase of 108.03.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $1.3 billion, compared to 30.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, pers performance met expectations, cost rates dropped significantly, and the share of new business and productive capacity of large clients continued to expand.
\triangleright 2, Main reasons for high performance: (1) consumer e-business breaking through of new products, upswing of older products and sustained income growth for large clients; (2) product structure optimization, improved operational efficiency and good manufacturing of new products
Upgrade, further increase in profitability; and (3) reasonable cost regulation and significant reduction in cost rates. The strategy of “new customers in the old product market” has been very effective, creating a global diversified zero-component technology enterprise \triangleright
1 - Connectors, acoustics, antennas, wireless chargers and vibrating motors are growth engines, with production upswings, good rates and efficiency upswings leading to higher profitability. According to the Courtpoint Research, the global volume of real wireless headphones was about 46 million in 2018, of which the airpods delivered some 46 million.
Approximately 35 million, with global real wireless headphones expected to reach 129 million in 2020.2 Airpods are favoured by their iPhone users because of their ease of use, comfort, sound quality, high sales of products such as the benefits of airpods, and rising penetration rates in the future, tradition (watch parts, airpods, etc.)
The volume and share of the product will also be expected to grow faster than expected. The company’s stock of plant land is adequate, capital spending this year is largely due to the expansion of some of the product lines.
Equity incentives highlight long-term confidence, forward-looking communications and automobile operations, benefiting 5g trends, and in 18 years the company awarded 97.3 million stock options to 1,870 core cadres. For the 5g terminal, the company has an lcp, ltcc programme, working with industry excellence in business on fpc: the Communications Operations Branch.
Performance forecast is over-expected, new business exposures for large clients are available during the nurturing period, sustained investment in connected products (high-speed connectors, high-speed cable components), radio frequency base stations (base station antennas, filters, etc.), photovoltaics (source cables, light modules) etc., and clients are well-stocked and will be placed in reserve.
Beneficiary 5g. We believe that, while consumer electronics are at a mature stage, companies continue to outpace their old customers with excellent product capabilities, managerial capabilities, intellectual manufacturing levels, and single-machine value levels continue to grow, and will continue to benefit the forward-looking layout of communications and automobile operations, and will continue to grow at a high level in the future.
In addition, it is proposed to maintain a “recommended” rating. 1; new business expansion for large clients is below expectations; 2; the share of new products is below expectations; 3 and iPhone sales authors have certifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association in securities investment consulting, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,