The value of the non-monetary financial products of China's Taibo (601601) continued to rise, and integrated insurance sailed on the southwest securities research and development centre.
• Recommended logic: Consumer uplifting demand is still better: life insurance premiums are rising better than expected, insurance premiums are rising faster than expected: the insurance sector is expected to achieve a fundamental performance bump in the context of higher interest rates: health, insurance and car insurance are expected to grow rapidly, guided by government policies.
Rough is expected to achieve a combined 20% annual growth of 20%, with the current equity value equal to only 1.1 times the pev and life insurance: the number of agents and their capacity to pull up insurance policy revenue and value continues to grow rapidly. With the help of the big adventures, the number of agents and the capacity of the company grew by 35.5% and 35.5%, respectively, in 2016.
In the case of reserve accounts, given a short-term upward trend in market interest rates, the recovery rate of the traditional insurance reserve, based on the 10-year rate of return on public debt, is expected to rise towards the end of the third quarter of 2017, thereby reducing life insurance coverage.
In terms of the rate of payment, the company has, in recent years, strengthened its quality control by removing poor quality insurance policies.
In terms of cost rates, the market for product risks has become more competitive since the introduction of the reform of the commercial car insurance rate, and the cost of product prices has been consistently high and erodes the profits of the industry.
Asset management: investment style is diversified, and alternative non-target asset allocation has increased. On the scale of investment assets, the Division has maintained a robust growth rate of more than 10% in recent years, with a rapid increase in the premium income from the end of the liability.
The size of assets that companies can invest in in the future will also continue to grow. In terms of asset allocation structures, firms actively expand alternative non-target asset investments, enrich asset allocation structures, and further increase the stability of portfolio returns, against a background of weakened earnings from traditional stock and bond markets.
In the next three years, the net return profit is expected to grow at a compound rate of 20 per cent annually, giving company 2017 a profile of the company: a comprehensive insurance group in the deep-farming market, the Chinese Pacific Guard, a 25-year-old venture that focuses on deep-farm insurance in its development process.
Markets, and the creation of China’s leading integrated insurance group companies. Since its inception, companies have formed a number of subsidiaries, such as too-life insurance, insurance insurance, insurance management, insurance online, health insurance for the United Nations and other companies, and have achieved a full-size layout of life insurance, production insurance, old-age insurance, health and well-being, agricultural insurance, asset management and investment in old-age pensions.
As the country’s leading integrated insurance group, there is a balance in all aspects of insurance. There are both traditional life insurance operations and emerging health and old-age insurance initiatives; and property insurance, apart from traditional ones.