The company review reports that the non-ferrous metals industry has performed with high innovation and has successfully transformed the new energy-based lithium-fuel industry (603799).
Investment event: The Chinese-American Cobalt industry published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated a record high in the first half of 2021. The second quarter saw a net profit of $814 million for the mother, a 24 per cent increase in the ring.
The bulk of the company’s performance is driven by the fact that the prices of the main business products rose in the first half of 2021. According to the data on the moor, 2021 was the first half of the year.
The market for the company ' s main product, Cobalt Tetraoxide, Cobalt Sulphate, Cobalt Metal Cobalt, Cobalt and Pre-Trillitude Discharge, was revealed and sold to 30,982 tons (Yoy+138 per cent) and 29,180 tons (Yoy+129 per cent);
Production of 18,309 tons of cobalt products (yoy+26%) sold 12,206 tons (yoy+18%); production of 52,861 tons of copper products (yoy+9.24%) sold 43,835 tons (almost the same as in the previous year), with the highest sales ever recorded.
The demand for materials is high downstream, with a significant increase in corporate profitability during the reporting period, with a rate of 20.56 per cent (yoy+6.04pt) and a net interest rate of 10.71 per cent (yoy+7.11pt) in the first half of the year.
Upstream deployment of cobalt and nickel resources to secure the supply of raw materials, increased scientific input for upgrading of high-end lithium electric materials Research and development capabilities, high-speed expansion of pre-drive and orthodox materials operations, and steady progress in the integration strategy of lithium electric materials.
Successfully advanced, expected to be operational in 2022; pre-work has been initiated on the Chinese-Flying 120,000 tons of cobalt nickel project; and in order to build a sustainable supply of resources for recycling, the company is also active in regenerating cobalt- and nickel-based nickel resources and lithium batteries for recycling.
The Ncma ex-drive product successfully entered the c-sampling phase and obtained a chain of industrial fixes for high-end vehicles in Europe and America, with 5 ncm new products entering production lines of 10 to 100 tonnes certification, 1 Quantified production, and 9 ncm new excavated products entering production lines of 5 to dozens of tons certification;
Companies continued to increase their investment in research and development, with R & D costs increasing by 123 per cent over the reporting period. At the end of the product, the pre-drive expansion accelerated, the positive material layout improved, and the company's three-dollar drive, which reflected productive capacity and debt swaps, accelerated the expansion of productive capacity, now entering the lig chemical, sk, Ningde era.
In addition, during the reporting period, companies acquired 38.62% of BAM technology and, under the control of China’s friends, controlled 65.02% of BAM’s voting rights.
The integration of 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells in Guangxi and 100,000 tons of pre-triple drive materials is also progressing steadily. Through the acquisition of Bamo technology, companies have improved the business map of the positive materials, and the integration of new energy lithium electric materials has been further expanded.
Investment proposals: The company ' s transition to new energy lithium electric materials has been very effective, with the supply and cost controls of raw materials guaranteed upstream through the deployment of nickel and lithium resources, the production of three-dollar pre-drills and positive materials in a self-contained and joint manner, the forward-looking layout of operations, and the emerging advantages of an integrated industrial chain.
In the broader context of the rapid development of energy cars, it is expected that downstream demand will continue to expand and, given the three-fold integration of resources, research and development capabilities and industrial chains, take good note of my commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.