Cobalt industry (603799): The time has come for ex-removable energy release, and the positive material chain synergies are emerging.
The R & D manufacturing business of the products is one that has a half-yearly record of sales and benefits from a high-market window from the Cobalt Nickel Corporation.
Source development into an integrated industrial chain for the manufacture of lithium electric materials, with a view to developing high-tech, low-carbon, environmentally friendly lithium electric materials that are resonant.
In the first half of the year, the company Hua Pu and Joaquin joint venture were in the process of climbing their capacity, and we calculated their equity output at around 2000-2500 tons.
3.1 million tons of total output is mainly contributed by fully-owned subsidiaries (YoYoYu New Energy/NWEE, h1, totalling 2750,000 tonnes of capacity). Taking into account: (1) full-real-real-capacity and second-phase planned energy releases from the joint venture; (2) circulationb/h (millions of shares)
With the landing of 50,000 tons of high nickel pre-emission power from the new energy source, the company is expected to grow its copper cobalt plate performance by 2021 at a full yield price, and the advantage of mineral metallurgical integration contributes to a steady rise in the Māori ratio. Cobalt continues to contribute to the company’s current performance, which together accounts for 43/75 per cent of the total revenue/Māori share.
In the first half of the year, the price of copper and cobalt products increased by 9.3 pct and 11.1 pct, respectively, as compared to the same period last year, promoting a 50.5 per cent and 66.1 per cent increase in plate yields and an 84/193 per cent increase in Maori. Given that copper and cobalt prices will continue to benefit from the tight supply fundamentals and remain high, we believe that the company operates the plate.
In the first six months of the year, the company completed a partial acquisition of BAM (38.62% equity + 26.4% voting rights) and improved its placement in the material sector. In 2020, BAM acquired the first two places in the country, with a current capacity of 555,000 tons of positive and extreme production.
The company’s acquisition of high-quality positive materials contributes to the integration of the production capacity of the pre-removement chain, enhancing synergies, and increasing economic efficiency. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we have revised the company’s profit forecast upwards, and the company is expected to harvest 2021-2023.
Automotive chain maintenance, cost-control advantages of corporate chain integration and determination of capacity release
Maintenance of the “highly recommended” rating. East’s financial boom, the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799): the pre-release period has come, and the positive material chain is starting to synergize.
Figure 1: Growth and the same rate of growth (2016-2021h1)
Cobalt Industry (603799): The ex-removement energy release period has come, and the positive material industrial chain is starting to synergize.
He won the second prize for joint research on futures of the China Financial Futures Exchange and the third prize for joint research on futures; the silver and multimedia copper prizes for the Chinese version of the competition for futures; and the third prize for the soybean futures of the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
China’s share in the future is a prize for the company’s entry to the market. He was a former author of Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Shanghai futures delivery, and the Hobbler’s view of his research.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Cobalt industry (603799): The ex-removement energy release period has come, and the positive material industrial chain synergies are becoming apparent, without ensuring that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.