Huataisecurities (601688ch) 2022: Four-quarter net profits increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, dropping by less than the industry average of 4q22 npatincreasedyosignificantwit with full-yearoutpermedpeers'average
Ideas focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Investment highlights: companies implement the concept of technology empowerment to create a new competitive advantage, multiple
Business is leading. At present, companies are doing well, managing and investing in their performance, building on digital enabling and full business chain advantages, and building a life-cycle customer trading and growth system. Companies achieved $7.07 billion in brokering revenue in 2022, the same amount as in 2022.
Innovation in products and services, continuously optimizing the content business model, with an average monthly activity of 9.27 million in 2022, ranked first in the securities company category, and an average monthly activity of 18.42 million in the "Grown All Balls" category.
Increased, continuing to be industry-first. Companies earn 970 million yuan in surrogate financial products, and in an environment of a general decline in market surrogate income, corporate surrogate revenue increases are likely to be higher than positive, as a result of a change in the revenue structure of the surrogate, with a ratio of income from tail maids.
• Taking advantage of the opportunities for deepening capital market reforms and continuing to advance the full business chain strategy, with a volume of $93.78 billion in sectoral sales, ranked 3rd; of these, 12 were local government debt, financial debt, corporate projects, ranked 18th, of which 7 were city boards, 1 was North Bank, and 1 was a science-making firm.
• Focusing on the quality of the overall asset management, the size of the public fund-raising management increased significantly. In 2022, the Department achieved $3.77 billion in revenue management, i.e., 0.1 per cent of the year. As at the end of 2022, the ratio was 26 per cent.
130 bills, second in the industry; 13.5 billion yuan in the distribution and third in the industry. South Fund management, of the total of 1.73 trillion yuan in corporate equity funds, including 1.1 trillion yuan in public funds; and Washington Tebret management assets, 32.6 billion yuan in public fund management.
Sun Tingsun ivianxu