BONASS AG (601238): Epidemic sales, BONASS AG, CHEMICAL INDUSTRIAL COMPANY, etc.
Group sales are better than industry, and the cumulative share of energy-saving vehicles has risen: the impact of the Shanghai epidemic in April, together with the sponsors, is expected to decline significantly in the domestic automobile industry.
In April 2022, the automobile industry was expected to complete its sales of 1.71 million vehicles, research and development, manufacture, manufacture, manufacture of motor vehicles, motorcycles, spare parts and spare parts.
Sales and after-sale services, as well as the import and export of automobile-related products, decreased by 47.6 per cent, or 48.1 per cent, compared to the same period, with a broad group performing better than industry as a whole. Group energy-efficient trade, car rental, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, capital.
Source regenerative, car credit, finance leasing, business factoring, and field, especially with the acceleration of hybrid models, the company’s share of hybrid vehicles is expected to continue to rise. Toyota’s excellent industrial chain management capacity was highlighted, with a slight drop in sales in April: Hiro-Toyota achieved production in April.
The sales were 68,205, 68,528, a decrease of only 7.20 per cent, or 7.27 per cent. The three flagship models are still visible, with 39 per cent of the April flagship fleet and an increase in the previous year (34.1 per cent in April 21). Toyota Motors is involved in a large number of spare parts companies, many of which are global companies, such as Risa.
Toyota held 3.9 per cent as of 2021.12.31, Toyota held 3.9 per cent, Toyota's electric suit held 7.9 per cent, Toyota's electronic assembly group (power transmission systems, heat management, smart driving, etc.), Toyota's first shareholder, stockholdings, textiles (car seats, interior and interior accessories, etc.), Toyota's first shareholder, 31 per cent sharehold, Toyota synthesis (Secretized).
52 weeks of stock price range ($) envelopes, interior and security systems, Toyota being the first shareholder with 42.65 per cent shareholding, we believe that the mutual development and mutually reinforcing symbiotic relationship between Toyota and the giant parts under the flag is the answer.
From 2021 to the present, in the face of a lack of cores and repeated outbreaks, the Toyota Toyota industry has grown in reverse.
Soft Toyota is expected to meet the million-dollar target in 2022. Hiro Honda is highly affected by the epidemic and is expected to recover the reduced amount when the epidemic is reduced: Hiro Honda achieved it in April
At the end of March, a number of companies began to shut down, with a serious impact on the production of the mainframe plant in April. The performance of Hiroshima Honda in April was related to its own individual suppliers in Shanghai. According to the company's official public, “it is expected to enter Shanghai twice from late May.
The rate of resumption of work will exceed 80 per cent for parts and components of the “White List” that have resumed work. We believe that, with the accelerated pace of resumption in Shanghai, a wide new vehicle type, zrv, which became available on May 5, would have been expected to recover the reduced sales in the post-natal period.
In April, 17,114, 20,118 vehicles were sold, a decrease of 30.46 per cent and 21.84 per cent, respectively, respectively, of which 8036 were sold in high-end mpv product m8, an increase of 33.8 per cent.
In April, Eyan achieved production and sales of 14,805103003 vehicles, representing an increase of 112.58 per cent, while Eyan's current vehicle coefficient (including exhibition vehicles) was reduced to 0.16 per cent.
In order for the epidemic to disrupt short-term sales performance, however, a full recovery of the wide-space autonomous plates is on the way.s1488521070004 Efficiency and incentives for car consumption policies in the automotive sector will have an impact on the outbreak: the automobile industry can be efficient.
In the light of the outbreak of 2020, the 2020h1 outbreak, which brought about a cumulative decline of 22.42 per cent in 2020h1 by car, the disease was effectively controlled in the second half of the year, with sales falling by only 6.03 per cent in 2020.
A number of measures have been taken to increase consumption, including the purchase of new energy vehicles within the province for the period from 1 May to 30 June 2022, with a subsidy of $8,000 per vehicle for the purchase of new energy vehicles within the old extension model. During the period from May to June, the city of Guangzhou increased its target by 30,000 vehicles and Shenzhen by 10,000 vehicles.
Corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: the epidemic has caused short-term industrial pain, the efficiency of the automobile industry and the recovery of the demand cycle are expected to recover the reduced amount.
The medium-to-long-term trend in the growth rate of the plate has remained unchanged. We expect that the net profits of the company for the period 2022-2024 will be collected on 6 May, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year, a year.
The price of raw materials is higher than expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the epidemic has fallen in terms of sales, without changing the year-round growth target.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.