"Gang Mob" (601238) "Technology Day Show Power, Motivation, Real Power."
Events: In recent days, the Volkswagen Group organized a wide-scale science and technology day of 2022 under the theme “Technology Revelation”, which showcased the Group's research and development work on a number of upcoming volumes, such as electricization (mixing, batteries, etc.), intelligent driving.
Group companies, China Mechanical Industries Group, etc., as co-sponsors of the large state-owned holdings set up on an initial basis. The wave-mixing module structure covers multi-technology routes, gmc 2.0 will yield. The wave-mixing modular structure.
The main operations include passenger vehicles, commercials, and three main core components: hybrid engines, electro-coupling systems, and power cells. The company is developing, manufacturing, manufacturing, manufacturing, and using vehicles, motorcycles, car parts and components.
Sales and after-sale services, and import and export of automobile-related products
Source regeneration, car credit, finance leasing, business factoring, special hybrid engines: the key to an efficient hybrid system is an efficient, specialized hybrid motive. Wide gas is already well stored in dedicated/mixed motors, including 1.5atk,
1.5 tm, 2.0 tm and 2.0 atk engines, of which 2.0 tk engines are used for companies with major events for the next 3-6 months: Tekinson cycle, 15.6 ultra-high compression ratio and cooling external egr based on a wide range of techniques
The car gccs combustion control system, with a special hybrid engine capable of achieving an effective heat efficiency of 42.10%, is accompanied by an impending gmc 2.0.
Electromechanical coupling systems: The multi-mixed technology routes of the wide-voltage group are well prepared. 1) The power-distribution mode, which uses the Toyotaths machine coupling system, is currently applied to the hybrid 8-mixed vehicle pattern. 2) The combination mode, i.e. the p1+p3 configuration, gmc1.0, gmc 2.0, is used for this purpose.
The structure is divided into multiple and one-size-fits-all models, and gmc2.0 is a two-stage structure. 3) Single electrical models, such as the p2 model. Wide-air groups are almost the largest reserves of hybrid technology routes in the country, with full-scale vehicle coverage combined with different cost and performance differences.
e.gs8,m8: Combining the one-size-fits-all structure with the economy; total equity/transita unit (millions of shares) with the use of the vehicle; chaining and multi-separated structure with the power-efficient medium- and high-end model.
In the second half of the year, it was produced with a brand-new car-type film and a leopard. Gmc1.0 was born in 2017, with a 1.5l engine, and mounted in gs4phev and ga3sphev.
In 2018, the engine was upgraded from gmc1.0 to 2.0atk, and the electromechanical coupling system was upgraded from one to two. The model was selected from more than 193,000 types and took more than six months to optimize efficiency and power. (2.0l engines compensate for 1.5l in some cases).
Gmc 2.0 is a big gas that has been developed for more than 10 years in the field of mixing. According to the official, from 22 to 26 June, the film and the panther that carried the wave of gmc2.0 completed five days of battle across the provinces of Shanxi, Hebei and Liaoning.
A total of 51 hours of challenges, including the sound of 1711 km and 3.2l/100km of super-low fuel consumption, which were measured by the film leopards. 3.0l/100km of super-low fuel consumption. Hev or phev?: According to high-tech research, in 2021, hev sold 586,000 vehicles in a car, an increase.
Forty-three per cent, with phev selling 600,000 vehicles, an increase of 139.04 per cent (CMA). The hev market has long been concentrated in Japanese (Toyota, Honda) car companies and in 2021 it was more than 90 per cent of the country ' s hev sales. s1480510003
Automobile companies have started to mix up markets in recent years, especially with phev. The hybrid strategy of the Volkswagen Group combines hev and phev, while the film and the leopards take the lead with the hev. We believe that the hev market is less developed on the surface than the phev market, not because of insufficient demand, but because of a lack of supply on the supply side.
S14805070004 high-yielding and high-priced models. Hev has a natural cost advantage over phev, and hev, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The cost advantage of hev will gradually become apparent in the context of the weakening of policies such as subsidies for new energy vehicles, and tax incentives for the purchase of batteries. We believe that wide gas is expected to use it.
The gmc2.0 strong fuel savings, power performance and higher value for money will open up the hev market and will be a powerful tool for comprehensive recovery.
Standard operating systems developed by the Division with full autonomy - Wide-Bang-Bang-Board Puss, Adigospace (intelligent cabin) and Adigopilot (intelligent driving system).
\triangleright high-performance intermediate engine, car cloud mirror engine, and off-the-shelf executing dispatch engine.
\triangleright sharp ecological content, more intelligent scenario solutions. Adigopilot: covers 39 intelligent perception sensors, including 3 variable focal laser radars,
\triangleright 12 high-definition cameras, 6 mm wave radars, 2 high-precision positioning units, 1 infrared camera head, etc. Sensor systems.
Communications, etc. achieves super parking functions, covering more than 50 complex parking scenarios. And high-level, unmanned applications, Robotaxi, etc. Wide-blown groups have clear business segment attributes, three business blocks operate independently of each other, and each has its own components.
Long-term: 1) Joint venture block, cash cow business with high growth: it consists mainly of a joint venture - Toyota Hiro, Toyota, Hiroto, Mitsubishi, Hiro Fik, and related spare parts. In the next three years, the two fields will continue to expand their markets in the joint venture area, thanks to their excellent mix of technologies, new models and productive cycles.
The share, Hiro Mitsubishi and Guangfik, is expected to lose. We expect the profits from the joint venture to become an independent smart electric car technology company for “research and marketing”. EAAN 2022q1 completes its employee holdings, with a post-investment valuation of $39.2 billion, which will be reinvested in the war in the second half of 2022.
The new generation of products, m8, leopards, gs8, is now on the list, and in 2022 the Institute will be on the market for new films, m8 replacements, leopards, etc.
The continued technological empowerment of smart drivers, hybrids, etc., and the spread of cost-effective manufacturing advantages are expected to lead to a full reversal of the business. Profit forecasting and valuation: overall, we look at the business development prospects of the company’s three main sections and expect the company to do so.
15, 12, and 10 times, and 6, 5 and 4 times, respectively, with H-shares and H-shares and H-shares, respectively, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
"Gang Moor Group" (601238) "Technology day show power, real power of mind, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom."
Tung Hing Securities Corporation reports that the company has a large number of vehicles.
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.