On March 29th, 2022, research assistant Yang Wai-Bing
▪ Corporate events: On June 28, 2022 wide-ranging technologies on the theme “Technology Revelation” were held at the Institute of Volkswagen Research, which focused on a number of yield-based research and development products.
Starring architecture is published for a full-car, cross-area, standardized operating system, Putesos, creating a unified interface definition and core component, developing soa cross-domain service engines, high-performance intermediate engines, car cloud mirror engines, isomer execution dispatch engines that enable central computers, smart-driving computers.
An information and entertainment computer is integrated at the software level to effectively enhance software compatibility and reuse; 2) upgrading the adigo ecosystem to upgrade the smart pod & intelligent driving experience. Adigo space achieves four major speech, sound, ecological content and smart scene solutions.
Thirty-nine high-performance sensors, including high-resolution cameras of megapixels, have an infrared camera at the top of the industry, with eight major redundancy systems and high-performance computing platforms.
The 2adigopilot super-bus supports more than 50 complex parking spaces, 15cm of very small spaces and full automatic parking of corner spaces.
▪ Pure electricity: A new generation of super-energy lithium batteries that release more energy, charge and cooler energy, more durablely based on microcrystal technology. This cell is a low-temperature capacity of 20°C compared to the current volume of lithium phosphate produced on the market.
Cho @80%) provides a new direction for the solution of power cells. Hiroshima Group (601238): Group batches — mixed areas: release of wave molding modular structures and wave-hydrogen mixing systems. 1) Wave mingling
Modular architecture: consisting of three major components: hybrid engines (e), electro-coupled systems (m) and power cells (b), using a platformed modular design that matches all hev, phev and reev
(ii) Wave-hydrogen mixing system: integrated production batch by hydrogen incendiary combustion and wide-voltage power coupling system, Eian Hombi is growing.
Gmc consists of 100 km hydrogen consumption less than 0.84 kg.  profit forecasting and investment rating: wide gas groups are breaking up in the fields of smart networking, pure electricity and mixing, and three broad gas group financial forecasting tables
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board