The company’s growth in revenue comes mainly from autonomous branding.
As a result of the significant growth in sales by EA, 22q1Ean, 4.49w, +15.4 per cent; 9w, +21.8 per cent, +21.8 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in aggregate income. The company has a 6.61 per cent Māori rate for the first season, +0.27 pct, which is relatively stable, mainly in autonomous brands.
The overall vehicle structure and profits of the q1 and Ean have remained relatively stable, with companies easing the pressure on raw materials through higher prices for new energy sources.2 The vastness of the capital has a very high return on investment. q1 has a high sales volume of 24.7w.
3. Corporate autonomy + joint ventures are progressing. As an autonomous new energy representative, Eyan is now growing rapidly.
The Whitewood Group's sales rating for March was very fast, and it got out of the traditional management mode, and it worked-- the company's sales surged, and it's pretty.
Rates have risen considerably. The price of a wide range of overvalued and oil-saving performances has increased in the price of oil -- 2022/04/07 fuel trucks have been squeezed to maintain a steady increase in sales and become fuel inside.
"The Biggest Winner of the Pacific Car Generation."
2021q4 was overexpected, and the conflict led to a sharp rise in oil prices and raw materials prices, all of which had a certain impact on the industry.
It is the company that has achieved a significant increase in sales in a complex environment, and continues to outperform expectations. With the company’s new output being evaluated, the sales are on schedule, released, and the sales are expected to continue upwards, and we expect the company to return its net profit in 2022/2023.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.