Epidemic disruptions, robust demand for the autonomous main vehicle model.
\triangleright \triangleright The epidemic hit Eian Hompi with a positive growth and a strong cycle of autonomy. \Trangleright sales in April \Trangleright 10.2 million. \Trangleright
+112.58 + 112.58 . With the benefits of the new energy motor industry and the resilience of flexible industrial chains, Eian Hompi is performing better than the rest of the corporate brands. In addition, the company announces that the EAA superrun is moving heavy-pound as 9 and a19, and that the new car city is expected to continue to drive the EA growth.
Ten thousand vehicles, cumulative +10.57%. The distribution pattern shows an increase in sales of 0.8 million vehicles, or +33.8% of the year ' s sales of m8 and a rise in sales of mpv-driven groups; the roll-on of a wave-mixing brand with the head of a gmc-mixed system, which contributes to the increased competitiveness of hybrid products.
In April, there were 68.5 million vehicles, compared to 7.3 per cent/ring ratio - 29.4 per cent, which showed less resilience than other corporate branded disturbances.
Of these, Camery/Wilanda/Hanlanda/Saina 4 major sales vehicles had a cumulative sales volume of 315.5 million vehicles in April, with a cumulative volume of +15.16 per cent. The sales volume in April was 23.9 million.
66.4 per cent/ring ratio-68.9 per cent are more affected by the new crown epidemic and the tight supply of spare parts; cumulative sales in January-April 2. Volatile group (601238.sh) March fast-track production and sales point: 2022q1 opened and private joint ventures continued to grow at a high rate
In addition, the Honda Honda brand e: np1 is expected to increase its sales in May.
Review: 2021q4 performance exceeded expectations, with the Toyota-based bz4x model opened for sale in 2022, and the two-field electricization strategy continued to be promoted.
4. Broad Gas Group (601238) Event Review: Employee Holdings Continuous additions to the entire industry chain of electric intelligence to support corporate performance upwards. On the platform, the Group ' s recent resolution \triangleright
Overlaying the top-down, effective incentives to boost the value of the valuation were invested through the Eiana 19 project of $1.05 billion; wide gas gep3.0+W is the cca new generation smart platform plus 5.
Rapid construction is expected to produce its first vehicle by the end of 2023. In terms of smart electrodynamics, Eian, "Silicon Silicon Silicon, Two Fields of Songs, Ayan's Continuing High Growth, Aquatic + Supercharged + Box Battery Security Technology" addresses the pains of the new energy industry: "Concharge + Retention" and three power cores.
The technology is self-controllable; Giant Bay Tech Research recently completed a round of 1 billion dollars in financing, with an orderly push to replace the power layout, with the E-Ann Super Recharge Centre in place during the same period; and the Wide Gas Capital and Viet-Soo Industries Fund launched a more than 1 billion-scale fund to continuously add new energy and smart grids to the industry layout. The company’s electric intelligence process industry is leading, supporting performance upwards.
Investment proposals: The company seizes the opportunity of the rise of the new energy market and the technological and institutional mix, and expects the company to \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.