Wide Gas Group (601238): Production by ring increases are significant, combined vehicle sales are continuing.
Incidents: In recent days, the company released the May 2022 Express, where it achieved a car sales score of 192,440 and 183,061, representing an increase of 16.12 per cent and 3.54 per cent, respectively, as follows:
Group companies, China Mechanical Industries Group, etc., show significant growth in production and re-entry efficiency as a co-communist.
The automobile industry is expected to complete 1.7665 million vehicles, representing a 49.59 per cent increase in the ring, a decrease of 17.06 per cent over the same period.
Development, manufacture, sale and after-sale services for vehicles, motorcycles, parts and components of cars, and import and export of automobile-related products Trade, rental of cars, second-hand vehicles, logistics, dismantling, capital
(a) Industry. Wide-scale autonomy under the umbrella of the group (Ayan, Eyan), Toyota and Hiro Hida have all shown a regenerative growth, with car credits, financial leases, commercial factoring, autonomous plates showing a bright May performance, and Eian+ faxes selling a total of 50406 vehicles, an increase of 46.3 per cent over the previous year;
Highlights for the next 3-6 months: 1) wide gas e-Ann sales completed 22139 and 21056, respectively, an increase of 181.85 per cent over the same period, and the size of the car aions sold over 10,000 in May. 2) wide-banded chess pieces produced 3,3582 and sold in May, respectively.
The supply of chips is gradually improving, with the production of gs8 in May going to be a new high, the gs8 mix will be reduced from the original 4 to 4.5 months to 2.5 to 3 months after 1 June.
\triangleright cumulative sales of 117,237 vehicles, an increase of 122.7% compared to the previous year, increased to an increase. \triangleright sales in May were 45.6% of the three flagship models (Saina, Landa and Camerry).
In the view of the Unit b/h (millions of shares), the increase in sales was accompanied by an increase of 97.3 per cent in the mix and the three flagship models, with a significant increase in the pace of recovery.
The impact of the vendor shutdown is high, and the spread of the disease is expected to recover rapidly as the outbreak is contained. Wide-voltage motorization has accelerated, with the hybrid model rising continuously: 41,624 vehicles were sold in May, 37,244, representing an increase of 94.52%, 64.33%.
And 13.9% of this is due to the massive promotion of hybrid models under the group’s flag, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tossing, tosing, tossing, tosing, tosing, tosing, tosing, tosing, tosing, to, say, to, to, say, to, to, say, to, mingle.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the policy of halving the acquisition tax in the second half of the year will be in place, and the conglomerates will be full.
In the second half of the year, the autonomous plate will be listed on the market (fuel and mixing), the m8 replacement (fuel and mixing), the East's financial and resourceful source, the leopard (tracking, hybriding), the Eaney transfer, and the joint venture block will be added to the market in the second half of the year.
In the medium-to-long term, the company's autonomy and the joint venture are fully configured, powered (mixed and pure), intelligence and other core technologies, and we keep looking at the company's autonomy.
Medium- and long-term trends in recovery and the growth of joint ventures. The company’s net profit share for 2022-2024 is expected to be paid on 6 June 2022 (a) and (h) at 14, 11 and 9 times the price of the stock of the stock of the company, and 6, 4 and 4 times the rate of the share of the capital of the company, maintaining the “strongly recommended” rating of the share of the stock of the capital of the company.
The price of raw materials is higher than expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the growth in production and ring ratio has been significant, and the share of mixed-car sales has continued to rise.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.