Volkswagen 4 sales point-- the two-tier stress of the epidemic highlights the powerful cycles of abundance, EA, and passivation: the company announced sales in April, which was just the same in the face of a sharp decline in the industry.
A 7% slide, a 22% drop in legend, and a 23% rise in Eyan's year-on-year.1 The industry has fallen sharply, with a strong performance. According to industry associations, automobile sales are projected to decline by more than 40% in April, compared to 7% in the same year.
Monthly sales are on the rise, and Miranda continues to be in short supply, and a new, low-priced car is starting to take its share. A large-scale product cycle will continue to drive a wide-air 2 and a wide-rider run up the price. The distribution in April is much better than in the industry, and more importantly, it will be more important.
More than a thousand, and the terminal still needs to be replenished. Large-scale gs8 in the future will also move gradually beyond the total equity/flow (million shares) chip problem, and the pass-through volume will rise at a much higher price than expected.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)3 and price increases do not affect the trend in EA sales. 10,000 in April, 0.9 million in production, and the previous April, when cumulative sales were greater than production, sales remained tight.
BG (601238) "The Pacific Autobots have raised prices, but with the boom in the tram industry, there is little impact on demand.
The increase in prices has helped EAan’s profit. - Profit over-expected, four brands outnumbered. Investment strategy: After a quarterly report over-expected, the company’s sales continued to be strong in April.
The company's strong sales surge, and it's beautiful.
"Gang Moor Team 2021" - 2021q4 super-expected, 2022 in reverse.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report