Volkswagen Group (601238): Two Tsitas are over-expected. 28 April 2022 Autonomy continues to improve.
Events: In recent days, the company has published a 2022-year newspaper, bringing total operating income to $23.15 billion, compared to the same amount, from Guangzhou Auto-Industries Company Ltd., Wan Dynasty Corporation.
Billions of yuan, 30.18 per cent more than the previous year, as follows:
There are signs and trends in the improvement of large autonomous plate operations: the sales of wide-space autonomous plate 2022q1 have increased significantly, with equity groups.
There has been an improvement in the development, manufacture, sale and after-sale services of vehicles, motorcycles, parts and components of cars, as well as in the ratio of imports and exports of automobile-related products, and in the cost rate over time.
Trade, car rental, second-hand car, logistics, dismantling, regenerative capital, car credit, financial leasing, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance brokers, equity investment, etc. (data sheet:
But the price of 2022q1 raw materials (power cells, chips, aluminium, etc.) has been significantly increased and eroded in part. The two price increases in the model have been completed by EA on 4 March and 8 April 2022, and will cover the increase in the price of most of the raw materials, with EA’s projected profitability.
There are also signs of falling prices for some of the bulk products in the second quarter. We believe that with the passing of car models (gs8, leopards, phantoms, m8s, etc.) and the hot sale of Eian electric cars, the model effect is still the dominant theme of the company ' s large autonomous plates, and the improvement in the Māori ratio of the autonomous plates is expected to accelerate.
The cost rate has been decreasing over the period: the high volume of sales of the benefits has increased, and total amortization of the business income of 2022q1 is expected to remain stable on a year-to-year basis. And, with the apparent increase in the sale of company-owned vehicles, the higher than expected level of benefits from the fixed-cars joint venture: the return on the 2022q1 joint venture was $4.14 billion.
Ten thousand vehicles, 16.7% more than in the same year, with a 8.2% decline in the ring, boosted profitability in the three flagship, hybrid, and brand-new models. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the rise in raw materials in 2022q1 masked some of the company’s autonomy.
We believe that, with the increase in sales, the business improvement trend of the company’s autonomous plates remains, and that, with the easing of raw material factors, the model effect will be the melody. The growth of the corporate joint venture blocks is faster than we expected. We maintain the profit margin.
Eastern sources of financial and intellectual excellence, a stock of 10, 7 and 6 times, respectively, and a stock of 5, 4 and 3 times, respectively, maintain a “strongly recommended” rating for a and a share of gas.
The price of raw materials is higher than expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the two fields are over-expected and their autonomy continues to improve.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.