q1 Performance is bright and self-owned, joint ventures are well under way 30/04 2022 Summary of events: 27/04/2022, company quarterly 2022 report, 2022q1 realization battalion 2022
\triangleright Autonomous sales performance is bright and profitability is gradually improving. 2022q1 wide-blown car sales are 90.4 million \triangleright
Cost control has worked well; 3) The cost rate has improved significantly over the period, with the company ' s current rate of 10.2%, compared to the profit of the main plate. Performance is expected to grow rapidly as the epidemic and chip supply gradually recovers.
+23.44 per cent/ring ratio + 1.0 per cent; Hiroshima sales amounted to 21.24 million, compared to 16.75 per cent/ring ratio - 8.2 per cent. With respect to new vehicles, 1.5, 1.23, 1. wide-gas groups (601238.sh) were delivered in March for a full quarter of new mpvsina, suv sylanda and Weiwei, respectively.
0.44 million vehicles; wide-scale all-new cars with 21,000 units. Sales growth plus high-profit new vehicles continue to be available.
Review: 2021q4 performance exceeded expectations, self-sustaining co-opts of $0.95 million in 2022, i.e. +14.70 per cent of the year. In addition, large and pure electricity bz4x was opened for sale on April 28.
Wide-scale electricity e:np1 is expected to be marketed in the first half of the year. With the gradual release of new vehicles with strong product power, and the assessment of the pure power 3. Wide-gas group (601238) event: the continuous downfall of the stock-holding model of the workers, the two fields are expected to rise to a new price and drive the company’s profits.
In the case of electricization, EA has been able to add "up and down" , provide an effective incentive to boost the valuation, electric intelligence is advancing steadily, and EA has become more dynamic with the new energy business. In the case of electricization, EA has commented on the Quick Post of Production and Marketing in February:
Two fields of high song, Eyan's continued high growth, technology breakthroughs, self-research battery test lines for electrodynamics, and investment in eco-technology companies; and, in January, a review by the Volkswagen Group (601238) of the rapid production and sales:
In terms of intelligence, the A.D.V.s in the Eianl2 and l2+ grades have been assigned more than 50% of their loads and opened in 2022, with E.A. continuing to grow up and maintain a leading position in driving and intelligence networking technology. In addition, the B.E.S. has recently officially released the new hybrid technology.
The first one, the first one, is now officially published, and is expected to be marketed in 2022, and the market will be active soon. EA is implementing the equity incentive, which is planned to launch a round of finance and equity changes in three quarters, and then actively seeks the right time to go on the market to further upgrade the valuation.
E-A-A-Multillion is expected to boost the company’s valuation. \triangleright’s emergence of a new energy market is expected to become a new growth point for companies, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.