A number of new products are released in the form of landingables, with a full range of hits, a wide-scale gas group (601238.sh) and a wide range of technology.
On June 28, the investment event, which was held at the Institute of Science and Technology on the theme of “Technology for Science and Technology”, brought together research and development on a number of landable products, the Smart Nets, and the Golden Stones.
The domain has a wide-volatile constellation of Pussos, a newly evolved adigo minded interconnected ecosystems; pure electricity has a new generation of super-energy lithium batteries based on micro-crystal technology with more energy, more charged and less-temperature energy; hybrid technology has a moist modular structure and a wave-hydrogen system.
Combining systems. At the same time, the green space of the new hydrogen concept has been released, highlighting technological power. (i) In terms of intelligence, the company has launched a wide-volcano electronics architecture, including the Pusseros Conduct System, a digosspace smart module, and a digopilot smart driving system.
Of these, Poseios created uniform interface definitions and core components, and innovatively developed Soa cross-domain service engines, high-performance intermediate engine, vehicle cloud mirror engine, isomer execution schedule engines that enable central computers, smart-driving computers and information entertainment computers to be at the software level
The new generation of adigospaces actually has four major upgrades and leaps, including more natural voice, greater sound experience, newer ecological content, and more intelligent scenario solutions.
The most advanced 39 high-performance sensors in the industry, including 3 smart-modifiable focal solid laser radars, 6 8 million pixel high-resolution cameras, top infrared cameras in the industry, eight redundant systems leading the industry, and high-performance computing platforms.
(ii) With regard to energy conservation, the company has introduced a wave-mixed modular structure consisting of three main components: Motivation (e), Mechanical coupling (m) and Power Batteries (b), using platformed, modular design, high compatibility, universality, and deriving four broad categories and n
The investment proposal is that, since June, a number of policies to encourage car consumption have been in place, and will be followed by a further company review of [Galactic Motors] _ Broad Air Group (601238.sh):
With a strong recovery of sales of 50%, a strong product cycle will lead to a commitment to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.