The third generation of nuclear power grid-connector transport and safety certification, and nuclear power is about to develop good opportunities -- China ' s nuclear power (601985.sh) covered for the first time the report on the strict control of greenhouse gas emissions in the Paris Agreement, and nuclear power is expected to replace fire power on a large scale:
With only about 1% of the greenhouse gas emissions in the nuclear power chain, China will strictly control its greenhouse gas emissions once it joins the Paris Agreement. The advantage of nuclear power mixes is that it is the only form of power generation that can be replaced on a large scale by thermal power, and it is important to reduce carbon emissions.
In North-West China, Qingzhou, etc., far from the area of energy demand, electricity is in a difficult position to absorb the power supply. Nuclear power is close to the energy zone, and there are better prospects for development.
Third generation nuclear power technology is significantly more secure than second generation, and as third generation nuclear power is gradually put into commercial transport and security is fully certified, it is expected that China’s nuclear power plant will be in a period of rapid development. Prior to that, “three generation nuclear power technology is immature, Japan’s nuclear leak is worrying, excess power patterns” had led to the end of 2016.
Nuclear power approval has been suspended. With the third generation of nuclear power grid-connected in 2018, nuclear power approval has the potential to upgrade the capacity of the Chinese nuclear power plant, and performance will improve in tandem with nuclear power installed: for example, China will maintain 4 per cent of the increase in power capacity, and China will account for the global average of water in 2030.
Ping (10.54%) will have a domestic capacity of 150 million kilowatts (kW) of H1 in 2018, 4.07 times higher. There are high technical, financial, and additional regulatory barriers to nuclear power. Market ecology will not deteriorate as a result of rapid industrial development.
The rapid development of nuclear power will not lead to a “reduced number of hours spent on nuclear power and lower prices on the Internet”, and the increase in the capacity of nuclear power will lead to a simultaneous improvement in China’s nuclear power performance. The release of domestic nuclear power markets is imminent, with the first “recommended” rating for coverage:
13.2 and 11.8 times. As the third generation of nuclear power grid connections and safety certifications, the huge domestic market for nuclear power will be released, future industrial dividends will be shared by the three major nuclear power enterprises, and China's nuclear power performance will be improved in tandem with the nuclear grid, with the first “recommended” rating being overlayed.
1. Nuclear power unit: Based on the progress of the work schedule, it is assumed that the three units 2 will be put into commercial operation by the end of November 2018 and that the unit 4 of Project 2 of the Tanyae nuclear power station will be put into commercial operation in December. It is assumed that the units of Unit 5 and 6 of Phase 3 of the Fuqing nuclear power plant, Project 5 and Project 6 of the Jiangsu nuclear power extension will all be shipped in mid-2020.
2. Number of hours spent on nuclear power: the supply and demand of electricity are closely balanced owing to the higher than anticipated demand for electricity, and conservatively assume that China has the same number of hours spent on nuclear power from 2018 to 2020 as in 2017.
Decline to 0.38835/kW (coal-connected electricity prices in Jiangsu Province, 2017) and the remaining nuclear power plants to be connected to the Internet 4. Unit cost of generating electricity: assuming that in 2018-2020, the cost per unit of grid-connected electricity is different from our market view in 2017
With regard to the drivers of nuclear power development, the market considers that the fire power industry, after ultra-low emission conversion, has very little environmental impact and that there is insufficient need for nuclear power development. We believe that the advantage of nuclear power mix “clean energy + base charge” is the only form of power generation that can be replaced on a large scale.
In terms of greenhouse gas emissions, the nuclear power chain is only about 1% of the coal chain, China ' s accession to the Paris Agreement will contain greenhouse gas emissions, and the importance of nuclear power will be highlighted. 2. Nuclear power and other new energy options are considered by the market to be among the criteria for nuclear power safety in countries such as the European Union.
Considering that the development of clean energy, such as wind power and light volts, has gained momentum in recent years, we question China’s prospects for developing nuclear power. We believe that China’s wind and solar energy are concentrated in areas such as the north-west and Qingzhou, far from energy demand areas such as the east-central zone, with electricity draining, high power generation costs, and that it is difficult for two more to assume the role of a base charge power source and internal transmission.
Nuclear power can be built close to the energy zone, and it is more important to build, in anticipation of wind power and solar power being squeezed from the country. With regard to the rate of increase in nuclear power, there has been a slow pace of development of nuclear power safety in the country.
Slow, market-lined thinking suggests that nuclear power is not available at the time of the outbreak. We believe that third generation nuclear power technology is significantly safer than second generation nuclear power technology, considering, for example, ap1000, the probability of core melting and radiation release of internal events.
Year and year by year levels of 1 x 10-5/year. Prior to domestic concerns about nuclear power security, the development of nuclear power plants was slow, and with the gradual introduction of third generation nuclear power into commercial transport and adequate security certification, it was expected that China’s nuclear power plants would enter a period of rapid development. Prior to that, “three generation nuclear power technologies were immature, Japan’s nuclear leak was a source of concern, and there was a pattern of excess power”.
As a result of the suspension of nuclear power approval (since 2016), with third-generation nuclear power interconnections and safety certifications, the nuclear power approval reopening door is expected to open in 2018. China’s annual increase in power consumption and power loads is maintained at 4%, with nuclear power generation at 8% in 2030.
In a scenario of 10.54 per cent (global average nuclear power generation level) and 15 per cent (nuclear power generation level in the nuclear Powers), the country ' s potential market is huge, with a capacity of 36.94 million kilowatts (kW), 4.07 times and 5.79 times.In terms of competitive patterns of nuclear power, markets are concerned about the rapid growth of the nuclear power market, which has led to a deterioration of the competitive order in the industry.
We believe that nuclear power has a high level of technology, finance, new barriers to approval, that ecology will not deteriorate as a result of rapid industrial development, and that the dividends of rapid industrial development will continue to be shared by three major nuclear power companies: China Nuclear Group, China-wide Nuclear Corps, and the US Nuclear Power Agency. The domestic development of nuclear power is more of a substitute for clean energy, nuclear power.
We do not need to worry about the low number of hours spent on nuclear power and the lower price of electricity on the Internet, given the preferential access to and price of electricity. The rate of increase in the capacity of nuclear power will be essentially equivalent to that of power generation, revenue collection, Māori 6. The market is concerned about nuclear power safety and the difficult choice of technology.
China has more nuclear power in service and more in the build-up, avoiding, to some extent, possible co-opts of a single technology. In addition, the company “Three nuclear power units 1 and 2” and “Fok Qing three nuclear power units 5 and 6” used ap1000, Hualong 1 third-generation nuclear power technology, and the company “Pap1000 and Hualong 1” were China.
The two main extension technologies for nuclear power development, one of which is complemented by a pap1000 technology that meets the construction and demand of the domestic market, and the Hualong I, which represents China’s export of nuclear power abroad, have a relatively good technology outlook. With regard to nuclear power, the Fujian Provincial Price Office used the price of coal-fired poles and nuclear power markers as “commitors” before.
We believe that China's nuclear power supply capacity is distributed among the four provinces of Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, Hainan. Of these, the coal-fired units in Zhejiang and Hainan are more expensive to access than nuclear power.
The cost of grid power, the cost of Internet access for the coal-fired unit in Fujian, is almost similar to that of nuclear power. Only the coal-fired unit in Jiangsu province has a lower cost of Internet access (388.35 yuan/megawatt hour) than that of the nuclear power affiliate in China (455 yuan/megawatt hour), but Jiangsu has a lower rate of installation of nuclear power rights, at 1,623 kilowatts (19.43 per cent).
In 2018 and 2020, the year of intensive production of the Chinese nuclear power plant under construction, several third-generation nuclear power companies with higher stock prices went into commercial traffic, and nuclear power approvals were expected to reboot with a strong expectation that the company’s stock prices would rise.
11.8 times. With the third generation of nuclear power interconnections and safety certifications, the huge domestic market for nuclear power will be released, future industrial dividends will be shared by three major nuclear power companies, and China's nuclear power performance will be improved in tandem with nuclear power loading, with the first “recommended” rating for coverage.
The third generation of nuclear power has not progressed as expected; the construction of nuclear power in progress has not progressed as expected; the safety risks of nuclear power; the reboot of nuclear power has not resumed as expected; and the nuclear power market has not released as expected.1
1.1. Corporate profile: a leading nuclear power operation with a strong shareholder backgrounda a leading nuclear power operation company: China Nuclear Power Company, Ltd. (601985.sh, China Nuclear Power), formerly established in 1982, Qinshan nuclear power plant, built and operated the first nuclear power plant in mainland China, Qinshan nuclear power plant
On 21 January 2008, China Nuclear Industries Group Ltd., a holding shareholder, jointly financed China Yangjiang San Gorge Group Ltd., China Ocean Shipping Group Ltd. and Space Investment Control Company Ltd., established China Nuclear Power Company Ltd., which operates primarily for the development, investment, and development of nuclear power projects.
Construction, operation and management. On 31 December 2011, the company was transformed into a joint-stock company, and on 10 June 2015, it became the first pure nuclear power company to be listed successfully.
The nuclear group of shareholders in the holding stock is strong and has established a complete nuclear technology and industrial system: China's nuclear power and control stock is China's Nuclear Industries Group Limited (70.40% share) and the actual control is the State Finance Committee of the State Council. China's Nuclear Industries Group Ltd. (China Nuclear Group) is one of China's three largest nuclear power groups (the remaining two are national).
Nuclear Power Technology Corporation, China Guang Nuclear Group Ltd., which is mainly engaged in research and development, construction and production in the fields of nuclear engineering, nuclear power, the nuclear fuel cycle, nuclear technology applications, nuclear environmental engineering, etc., and whose assets are very strong, has established complete nuclear technology and industrial control units in Qin Shan nuclear power, Jiangsu nuclear power, three nuclear power plants, and Fujian nuclear power plants.
Eighteen subsidiaries sell their electricity mainly to grid companies. Of these, Qinshan I sold it to Zhejiang, Qinsan II and Qinshan III, Fang Jiayama sold it to Huadong Power Network Limited, Jiangsu sold it to Jiangsu Power Company, Fu Qing Nuclear Power sold to Fujian Power Company, Hainan Nuclear Power sold to Hainan Power Network.
The nuclear power project in progress will conclude a grid-connected dispatch agreement with the local power grid and the purchase and sale of a combined 1.2, Business Summary: in 2020, the capacity of the nuclear power plant in equity increased as much as in 2017.
At the end of 2018, there were 18 nuclear power units (all holding units) that operated commercially, with a total capacity of 1546.6 thousand kilowatts (kW), of which 8,351.14 million kW were in service.
China’s nuclear power plant is already in commercial operation. China’s nuclear power plant is rich: by the end of 2018, China’s nuclear power management was in the process of building seven nuclear power reactors, with a cumulative capacity of 8162 thousand kilowatts.
Three nuclear power unit 1 is expected to complete a continuous 168-hour performance test on September 21, 2018, with commercial operating conditions. With the delivery of three nuclear power unit 1, the Chinese nuclear power control unit will reach 19 active nuclear power units, and the holding capacity will increase from 15,466,000 kilowatts to 16,71.6 megawatts.
The capacity will increase from 835.14 million kilowatts (kW) to 898.898 million kW. The remaining nuclear power units in the construction of the nuclear power plant in China are expected to be put into commercial operation in 2020.
At the end of the year, an increase of 1,434 thousand kilowatts was recorded by 64.77 per cent. In 2020, 12,480.5 kilowatts (60.24 per cent higher than the 7,788 thousand kilowatts at the end of 2017) will be invested in commercial nuclear power. Given the preferential access advantages of nuclear power installations, the use of higher hours and the steady price of nuclear power on the Internet will lead to public upgrades.
The company “Three nuclear power units 1 and 2” and “Fok Qing three nuclear power units 5 and 6” do not use the third-generation nuclear power technology of ap1000, ap1000 and ap1000.
In February 2018, China’s nuclear power was shipped; at the end of 2018, there were seven nuclear power units under construction, with a cumulative capacity of 8162 thousand kilowatts (kW); and (2) Chinese nuclear power was in the process of being built.
The group estimated a total investment of $166,786 million, of which 106,196 million had been invested by the end of 2017, leaving 60,590 million yuan to be invested, and plans to invest 20,814 million yuan in 2018.) New projects are sufficient to guarantee sustained growth in future performance: according to the Chinese Nuclear Industries Group bond collection paper, the proposed nuclear power project in China includes, inter alia, Jiangsu nuclear power units 7, 8, three nuclear power units 3, and four.
Group engineering, Hunan Peach River nuclear power project, Fujiming Sanming nuclear power project, Henan nuclear power phase, Hebei State nuclear power project, Hainan nuclear power unit 3, 4 units, are more adequate in the case of hand-held nuclear power project, guaranteeing increased performance in the future Performance profile: faster performance and excellent cash flow
The generation of nuclear power units continued to increase: in 2014 - 2017, the amount of nuclear power generated in China rose to 94,025 million kWh (24.02 per cent for cagr). In 2016, the performance of nuclear panels increased, with the main component being Unit 2, Unit Fu Qing 2, Unit 1, Unit 1, Unit 2, Unit Hainan operating commercially.
The increase in nuclear power generation was due to the increase in the performance of nuclear power plates in 2017, which was mainly due to the increase in the production of units Fukugiyama 2, Fuku Qing 3, 4 and Hainan 1, 2 in commercial operation.
Total electricity generation is 41.65%, or 1.69% of the country ' s total. With Jiangsu nuclear power unit 3 and three nuclear power unit 1 in February 2018 and September 2018, respectively, the performance is expected to increase steadily in 2018.
Management, main camp operations were prominent, with electricity generating as much as 98.78 per cent of gross profits in 2018h, China ' s revenues from nuclear power increased from 1340 million yuan to 33.590 billion yuan (cagr 10.81 per cent) in 2008-2017 as a result of increased capacity and increased power generation, and the net return profit increased from 1,508 million yuan.
To 4,498 million yuan (12.91 per cent for cagr). In 2018 h1, China achieved 17,926 million yuan (+9.75 per cent for the same year) in operating income from nuclear power and a net return to the mother of 2,579 million yuan (+0.69 per cent for the same year).
The country’s nuclear power industry, which has developed over the years, has a stable power generation capacity, has harmonized national prices on the Internet, and has a relatively mature cost-control capability. As a result, overall, the Māori rate in the nuclear power sector is relatively stable in the context of safe and stable transport.
Financial cost rates and depreciation costs are higher: nuclear power pre-construction is long and initial inputs are large, with construction costs in the pre-generation period amounting to about 50% to 70% of the total cost, compared to only 20% to 30% of the total cost. Thus, nuclear power construction is often financed by loans or bonds, and financial costs and depreciation costs are higher.
For example, sales costs are low, management costs are around 5%, and financial costs fluctuate between 10% and 15%.
From 2008 to 2017, the ratio of cash to operating income received for the supply of goods and services from the sale of nuclear power in China fluctuated between 110 and 120%. Because of the large initial nuclear inputs, the cost of depreciation of fixed assets (non-payable costs) was higher, the cash flow position of the company was excellent.
Nuclear Power Industry: The third generation of nuclear power security has improved significantly, and domestic nuclear power is fast approaching 2.1. Nuclear power profile: Nuclear power installations are more similar to fire power than controlled nuclear fission in nuclear reactors. Nuclear fission generates large amounts of energy and controlled nuclear fission is used for power generation: one heavier nuclear atom is exposed to foreign neutrons.
When it blows, the process of dividing into two smaller-mass atomic cores is called nuclear fission. Two neutrons from fission blow at the atomic core of another fissile nuclide, causing a new fission, generating a fission chain-like reaction. The nuclear fission process will cause a mass loss, and the fission chain-type reaction is based on the heartstein energy-mass formula (\deltae=\deltamc2).
Theoretically, the total fission of the uranium-235 atoms is about 2.5 to 3 million times the amount of energy released by the same coal. Nuclear power uses the thermal energy released by nuclear fission in nuclear reactors to generate electricity. The thermal energy generated by controlled chain-based reactions generates steam, thus driving the engine to function and drive it.
Both the nuclear and the thermal power plants use steam to power the turbines and drive the generators, which is mainly distinguished from the steam supply system. Nuclear fuel is fission in the reactor, producing a lot of heat and a high-temperature circuit.
The cooling water takes the heat out of the reactor and transmits the heat from the steam generator to the secondary circuit, turning it into steam, which drives the engine to power the generator. The rationale for nuclear power generation is schematic (in the case of pressurized water piles)
Nuclear power plants are made up of nuclear islands, conventional islands, and power plant attachments: for example, the nuclear power plant at the piles of water, consisting mainly of a nuclear steam supply system and a steam generator system, including facilities such as nuclear islands, conventional islands, and power plant attachments (bop). Nuclear islands are made up of nuclear reactor plants and nuclear support plants, which are equipped with nuclear fuel to achieve large scale.
Large-scale fission chain reaction devices are the core of nuclear power plants. Nuclear reactors consist mainly of cores, reflectors, control rods, coolants, and shielding layers. Reactor coolants transfer heat from cores to generators, and neutrons slow down fast neutron speeds and generate thermal neutrons that sustain nuclear chain reactions.
Crude core (active zone): The area where the nuclear fuel element is stored, where the chain reaction takes place.  reflective layer (neutron reflective layer): part of the neutron moving in the active zone escapes to the outside core. In order to reduce neutron losses, a layer of material (reflection layer) is surrounded outside the core and will escape from the core.
The control rods in the reactor can control the speed of chain reaction at a predetermined level, using dry start-up and shutdown reactors and regulating reactor power. The control rod uses neutron absorption cross-sections.
Refrigerant: for cycling heat to remove heat from the core from the nuclear fission. The coolant should have a greater heat transfer factor and heat capacity and not easily become a radioisotope under neutron action.
The shield should be set up around the reactor. The shield should reduce neutron and gamma radiation below human permissible dose levels.
2.2 Classification of nuclear power plants: Voltage reactors are economically efficient and safe, and are the most common type of nuclear power unit Classification of commercial nuclear power units: Commercial nuclear power reactors can be classified according to reactor coolant/slower and neutron energy. Depending on the coolant/slower, reactors can generally be divided into light water reactors (including pressurized and boiling water reactors).
Heavy water reactors and gas coolers. Based on the neutron energy used, reactors can generally be divided into slow (heat) neutron piles, which are more economical and safe, and which are the most common types of nuclear power units: voltage reactors refer to the use of light water (i.e., ordinary water purification) for cooling and slowing agents, and water maintains liquid nuclear reactors within reactors.
Juggling, voltage piles are sophisticated, tight, low economic capital costs, short construction cycles, cheap light water prices, and radioactive circuits are separated from secondary circuits with radioactive cooling agents that do not enter secondary circuits, dye turbines, and are easily operated and maintained. Therefore, press piles are also the most common nuclear power assembly, 2017.
At the end of the year, 294 (65.33 per cent) of the world's nuclear power units were in commercial operation, 49 (83.05 per cent) were under construction. With the exception of Qinshan III, all of the nuclear power units currently in operation in China are in pressurized.
Figure 15: Global build-up status (Taiwan, late 2017) 2.3. The nuclear power industry chain: market competition is orderly and future dividends will be shared by the three major nuclear power groups
The nuclear power industry chain is concentrated in three major nuclear power groups, and future dividends will be shared by three major nuclear power groups: the nuclear power plant production chain consists mainly of: 1) upstream: raw materials (uranium mining, processing and original fuel fabrication), basic materials and the manufacture of essential components, nuclear power equipment design. 2) midstream: nuclear islands, conventional islands, equipment manufacturing of auxiliary equipment, etc.
Civil construction, installation, commissioning, engineering management, etc.) Downstream: operation, management, maintenance of nuclear power plants, etc. Upper nuclear power - nuclear fuel cycle, etc.: mainly the manufacturing industry of nuclear power core and auxiliary equipment; nuclear power engineering and design industry; nuclear fuel cycle industry, etc.
The front end of the material cycle includes uranium mining, ore processing, refining, conversion, enrichment, fuel assembly manufacturing, etc.; the back end of the nuclear fuel cycle includes radioactive waste treatment, spent fuel storage and disposal, etc. Uranium mines are radioactive, highly demanding and difficult to mine uranium, involving mainly Chinese and nuclear enterprises.
Uranium Mining Company, which is part of the three major nuclear power plants in China and China.
There is a higher value chain and a higher value added for equipment manufactured in the middle of a nuclear power plant, and nuclear power plant construction companies are generally affiliated with the three major nuclear power companies and the major electricity companies (e.g. China Nuclear Construction, China Nuclear II III).
Nuclear power downstream - electricity for sale: electricity is sold to end-users through grid companies. In the country, only three nuclear power operators (Middle and North, China and China) are involved in the operation of nuclear power downstream.
(c) Higher market barriers, higher concentration of industries, and higher concentration of industries: strict regulation of nuclear power compared to other power industries, construction of projects.
China currently has only three companies involved in the operation and management of nuclear power plants in China, including China’s nuclear power plant, China’s nuclear power plant, China’s nuclear power plant, and China’s nuclear power project along the Red River.
Administrative access barriers: the State attaches great importance to nuclear safety, and the Government regulates the entry of investors into the market through approval, licensing, licensing, etc.
The Security Service reviews and supervises safety work at all stages of the site selection, construction, initial loading, operation and decommissioning of nuclear power plants, issues the corresponding licence or approval documents and carries out stationary supervision; technical and regulatory barriers: nuclear power is a technology-intensive industry involving nuclear physics, chemistry, materials, transport
In a number of areas, such as maintenance, performance monitoring, environmental pollution monitoring and radiation protection, the continuous upgrading of nuclear power plant technology requires a high level of national and enterprise technology research and development, as well as a high level of technological infrastructure and management for nuclear power developers and high technical barriers.
• Financial barriers: nuclear power is capital-intensive: 1) the nuclear power industry requires higher requirements for project site selection, design, construction, equipment procurement and manufacturing commissioning, long construction cycles and higher investment in project funds; 2) the development and construction of a new generation of nuclear power technologies requires substantial financial investment.
The nuclear power industry is particularly concerned with security risks, high investment, high technology thresholds, and national exclusive operation of nuclear power. The nuclear power industry chain is concentrated in three major nuclear power groups: Central and Central.
The dividends will be shared among the three major nuclear power groups. Figure 17: High levels of nuclear power construction, procurement, marketing and operation in China. Figure 18: High administrative access, technology and management, capital in the nuclear power industry.
Administrative barriers to entry, gold barriers, nuclear power plant construction.
Implementation of administrative clearances for construction of nuclear facilities
1. Nuclear power industry ' s response to project site selection, design, construction, equipment procurement and manufacturing commissioning, etc.
Higher requirements, long construction cycles, and higher project funding; 2) research and development and construction of a new generation of nuclear power technologies will require substantial financial investment.2.5. History of nuclear power: the third generation of nuclear power has improved significantly, and domestic nuclear power will soon be released rapidly.
China has already begun the construction and operation of third generation nuclear power technology: the nuclear power plant technology can be divided into four generations, the Qinshan nuclear power plant, which was connected to electricity generation in December 1991, is the first nuclear power station in mainland China. China's nuclear power plant is currently in the second generation of technological improvements, while introducing third generation nuclear power technology and undertaking small-scale construction.
The first generation of nuclear power technology: the development and construction of nuclear power plants began in the 1950s. In 1954, the Soviet Union built an experimental nuclear power plant with an electric power rate of 5,000 kilowatts; in 1957, the United States built a prototype nuclear power plant in Shiping Harbour, with an electric power capacity of 90,000 kilowatts.
The above-mentioned experimental and prototype nuclear power units are internationally referred to as the first generation nuclear power units. The first generation nuclear power plant hosts are to be characterized by: 1) construction during the nuclear power development period, with the character of a research-explored experimental reactor; and 2) a relatively rough and loose structure, with a low generation capacity, generally within 300,000 kilowatts, but
Large size; 3) System, normative, scientific safety standards are absent from design as guidance and guidelines, and there are many safety hazards; 4) generation costs are high.  Second generation nuclear power plant technology: in the late 1960s, in the experimental and prototype nuclear power plant base
The successive construction of nuclear power units such as voltage, boiling and heavy water reactors with power above 300,000 kW, which, while further demonstrating the technical feasibility of nuclear power generation, enhances the economic nature of nuclear power and competes with power, electricity and water. Second generation nuclear power technologies are based on relatively complete nuclear safety regulations and specifications.
In the 1970s, the energy crisis caused by the increase in oil prices contributed to nuclear power growth, which is now in operation worldwide.
Most commercial nuclear power plants use second-generation nuclear power technology, with voltage, boiling and heavy-water reactors accounting for 61 per cent, 21 per cent and 10 per cent of the current total fleet, respectively. Third-generation nuclear power plant technology: in the 1990s, for the settlement of the three-mile island and the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
The world nuclear power community has concentrated its efforts on the prevention and mitigation of serious accidents, and the United States and Europe have produced documents on “Advanced Light Water Reactor User Requirements” and “European User Requirements for Light Water Reactor Nuclear Power Stations” which have further clarified the prevention and mitigation of serious problems.
Internationally, nuclear power units that satisfy one of these two documents are commonly referred to as third-generation nuclear power units. Third-generation nuclear technology is designed to be safer and more economical than second-generation nuclear technology, especially non-dynamic safety systems.
The risk of serious accidents can be mitigated, thereby further reducing the probability of core melting and massive release of radioactive substances. At the international level, the more mature generation of third-generation nuclear power is now run by ap-1000, erp and system80+ models, system80+, although already in the United States.
Nrc approved, but the U.S. has given up. At present, the third generation nuclear power reactor has matured in terms of safety, design, and the longer term will be the third generation of nuclear power technology and the second generation of nuclear power technology, and the fourth generation of nuclear power plant technology: the Fourth Generation International Nuclear Energy Forum (Gif) was signed in July 2001.
The fourth-generation nuclear energy use system is considered to be more safe and economical, with very little waste, no need for an off-site emergency, and a nuclear energy use system with a nuclear proliferation capability, which is expected to be commercialized by around 2030.
Third generation nuclear power technology is significantly safer than second generation nuclear power technology, considering, in the case of ap1000, the probability of core melting and the probability of radioactive release of internal events in 5.1 x 10-7/ and 5.9 x 10-8/years, respectively, well below the levels of 1 x 10-4/year and 1 x 10-5/year for second generation reactors.
As the third generation of nuclear power is gradually being put into commercial transport and certified as safe, it is expected that China’s nuclear power plant will come to a period of rapid development. China’s nuclear power plant is now in the process of building “three nuclear power units, 1, 2, 5 and 6” using the mainstream three generations.
Nuclear Power Technologies: At present, China has five types of third-generation nuclear power technology to be applied: ap1000, Hualong I, cap1400, French Nuclear Power Technology (epr) and Russian Nuclear Power Technology (vver): 1)ap1000: “Nuclear Power Technology for Inactive Voltage Water Reactors” developed for West House, United States, which is responsible for digestion and absorption.)
"Wallon One" nuclear power technology: combines acp 1000 and acpr 1000+ Chinese nuclear technology, known as the “Three Generations of Nuclear Power Technology Routes that We have developed autonomously”. 3) Cap 1400 voltage reactor nuclear power unit: China's autonomous intellectual property rights, power, etc., have been developed as a basis for the re-innovation of nuclear technology based on ap1000 non-dynamic technology.
The nuclear power plant for the large, non-dynamic, large, advanced voltage reactor is the largest nuclear power station for the non-dynamic water reactor.)pr: is a reactor developed jointly by Famaton and Siemens on the basis of the latest international reactors (the konvoi reactor in France and Germany). (5) vver: is the acronym for the pressurized power reactor developed by the former Soviet Union (water).
In terms of the three-generation technology route, the Chinese nuclear technology ap1000 and the China-China nuclear group Hualong I consider two major extension technologies for the development of nuclear power in China, one of which is complemented by a major approximation of the technology ap1000.
China’s nuclear power is exported from China on behalf of the Chinese market. Cap 1400 will also use the Chinese nuclear power technology, Fuku Qing nuclear power units 5 and 6, and will be the backbone of the development of nuclear power technology in China.
2.6 Nuclear Power Approval: Third Generation Nuclear Power Interconnectivity and Security Certification, Nuclear Power Approval Reboot, “Three Generations of Nuclear Power Technology Pending Certification and Japan's Nuclear Leaking Incident” has raised concerns about the development of nuclear power: China's Third Generation Nuclear Power Route has been twisting. Since 2003, China has been bidding globally for three Generations of Nuclear Power Technology, ap1000 Technology in November 2006.
The “13th Five-Year Plan for Energy Development” also proposes a higher development goal of “operating nuclear power plants by 2020 to reach 58 million kilowatts and building nuclear power plants to more than 30 million kilowatts” (i.e., every year).
There is a need to liberalize 6-7 nuclear power units, but since 2016, China has not released its conventional nuclear power project for more than two and a half years, due to “the immaturity of three generations of nuclear power technology, the fear of a nuclear leak in Japan, and the excess pattern of electricity in recent years”, the Japanese nuclear leak has increased the fear of nuclear power development: in April 1986, the Chernobyl nuclear accident triggered Europe.
In 2011, after the Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan, 43 nuclear power units were shut down in the country, and the countries that had previously supported nuclear power (Germany, Switzerland, Italy) decided to turn their backs on nuclear power, declaring that they would gradually abandon nuclear power. The Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan caused concern for the development of nuclear power in China.
The country is more cautious about the development of nuclear power, and no new nuclear power projects were approved in 2016-2017. * In the course of the third generation of nuclear power tenders, the first pile of technology was premature: in March 2009, the first nuclear power unit, ap1000, began pouring on the first concrete tank on a nuclear island.
Based on a construction cycle of approximately 56 months, the unit should be operational in 2013. As a result of the construction of the project, there were problems with key equipment such as the main pump, the blast valve, etc., the advanced technology of ap1000 and the nuclear power manufacturing capability of the United States were questioned.
China’s coal-based coal-based heater has grown faster before. Added to the high rate of economic growth and decline, it has created a pattern of excess power, which, on the side of electricity demand, has led to the development of a third generation of nuclear power grid-connected transport, and the reboot of nuclear power approvals is expected to open: third generation nuclear power technology is safe and secure.
Higher than second-generation nuclear power technology, considering, for example, ap1000, the probability of core melting and radioactivity of internal events, the probability of release of which was 5.)times10/year and 5.9\times10/years, far less than the levels of the second-generation reactor ' s times10 and 1x10-5/years. The first four units in the country to use ap1,000 technologies were Xijiang.
Three nuclear power units, one and two, and Shandong Haiyang, one and two. In June 2018, the first global nuclear power generation unit, the third generation of the epr nuclear power plant (Taisan nuclear power unit 1 of the Chinese Hiroshima Group) was declared successful, and the first global unit, the ap1,000 unit, the third nuclear power unit, was successfully connected.
For the first time, Unit 1 was connected to the grid, and Unit 2 for the first time reached its critical state. The three nuclear power units were successfully grid-connected for the first time, and will be officially commercialized after 168 hours of operation, further validating the safety, feasibility and maturity of ap1000 generation of nuclear technology. The domestic nuclear power approval reboot door is expected to open.
2.7. Global nuclear power: China is in the first position in the construction of nuclear power units, accounting for 33.25 per cent of the world ' s nuclear power plant. At the end of 2017, China was in the fourth place worldwide: according to the International Atomic Energy Agency, the global nuclear power plant capacity in 2017 was 391.72 million kilowatts. At the end of 2017, the number of nuclear power reactors in China ' s mainland was commercially transported.
Thirty-seven, with a installed capacity of 35.807 million kW (9.14% of the global nuclear power plant), is the fourth largest in the world, while China is the world’s most secure nuclear power source. The remaining major nuclear power providers are the United States, France, Japan, Russia, and South Korea.
China is building 33.25% of the world’s reactors, and domestic nuclear power has been growing rapidly: in the 1960’s and 1970’s, new nuclear power units were concentrated in Europe and North America. Since the late 1980’s, Asia and Central and Eastern Europe have been the backbone of new nuclear power units.
China is the country with the largest installed capacity worldwide, with 19 reactors under construction at the end of 2017, with a total installed capacity of 19.016 megawatts, accounting for 33.25% of the world's installed capacity for nuclear power.
Electricity use will continue to grow over the next 20 years, and most future growth in nuclear power capacity is expected from China, Russia, India, etc. 2.8. Domestic nuclear power: market barriers are high, and the market is concentrated in three major nuclear power groups
The market is concentrated in three major enterprises: the China Nuclear Group, the China-wide Nuclear Group, and the China-India Group: the safety of nuclear power has been highlighted, the technology and experience threshold is high, and nuclear power operators with accumulated experience are required to develop, build, and operate. China’s nuclear power projects (in addition to demonstration engineering, research reactors) are currently being assembled by China’s nuclear power programme, which is officially approved by the State Council.
China’s current nuclear power programs are operated by China’s Group and China’s nuclear power plants respectively. With the exception of China’s nuclear group and China’s nuclear group, China’s nuclear power group is one of the investors in the Qinsan II, Qinsan III, and China’s nuclear power sector.
As of July 2018, China had 39 nuclear power reactors, mostly located along the coasts of Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejiang and Guangxi.
In addition, China has 17 nuclear power reactors under construction, mostly along the south-eastern coast of Guangdong and Guangxi. Of these, China has seven nuclear power reactors under construction, with a installed capacity of 876.2 million, and China has seven nuclear power reactors under construction.
China’s nuclear power generation is second in the country in terms of the installed capacity of nuclear power carriers and second in terms of the installed capacity of nuclear power units. In 2009, the nuclear power project in Shandong Haiyang was approved by the State Council, and the nuclear power and control company was in the second place in terms of the installed capacity of nuclear power plants.
Another competitor. Due to high barriers to the operation of nuclear power, the existing pattern of competition in the market has been largely established, and the subsequent market for nuclear power operation in the country, although growing at a high rate, is expected to continue to be shared by three major groups, namely, the China Nuclear Group, the China-wide Nuclear Group, and the China-China Power-Injecting Group.
Nuclear Power Drivers: A combination of “clean energy + base charge power”, a vast nuclear power market 3.1, Nuclear power advantage: a combination of “clean energy + base charge power” and the only large-scale alternative to electric power.
Nuclear power combines clean energy sources and power source advantages: by energy type, the type of power generation enterprise can be divided into electric power, hydropower, nuclear power, wind power, photovoltaics, geothermal power, etc. Of these, electric power is the most important type of power generation in China, 20.17 billion kWh (73.48%). Fire power has low location requirements, short construction cycles, running costs and Internet access.
Electricity costs are low and can be an advantage for a series of power sources. But high emissions from fire and electricity can be difficult to solve the problem of high carbon emissions, even after very low emissions have been modified.
The region is concentrated in the central and eastern regions, where water disposal is high in Yunnan, Sichuan, and other south-west regions. Clean energy development, such as wind power and photovoltaic, is costly, location requirements are stringent, and power generation is clearly influenced by climatic factors and is not functioning as a base charge power source.
Nuclear power is the only large-scale alternative to electric power generation: in order to develop clean energy sources and reduce carbon emissions, the ratio of installed and generated power will gradually decrease, and the ratio of clean energy will continue to rise. From the point of view of the base charge power, the development of 13 major hydroelectric bases in the country is nearing its end, while “wind power, photovoltaic power” does not have the base charge power source function.
Electricity is clean, low-carbon, high energy density, good economics, not affected by seasonal and climatic factors, and, apart from short-term material switching, the efficiency of electricity generation is stable and stable over time with rated power, the power generation is large enough to meet the four main requirements of reliability, economy, adequacy and clean power supply, which is the only large-scale alternative to fire power as a base charge.
3.2. Policy benefits: the Paris Agreement strictly controls greenhouse gas emissions, greenhouse gas emissions from nuclear power chains Long-cycle, high-cost construction of large nuclear power units. In support of nuclear power development, the State provides policy support in a number of areas to enable nuclear power prices to compete with electric power.
Nuclear power has priority access and price security advantages: nuclear power is a clean energy source under pressure of energy conservation and environmental protection.
In accordance with the Energy-Save Power Modeming Scheme (pilot), nuclear power is used as a clean source of energy, and the order of movement takes precedence over the coal-fired, gas- and fuel-fired power units. In February 2017, the Interim Measures to Secure the Safe Discharge of Nuclear Power were introduced to comply with the Nuclear Discharge.
Following the principles of “Ensure safety, prioritize access to the Internet, safeguard the quantity of electricity, balance the benefits”, policies have been established for the safe consumption of nuclear power, access to the Internet, and the granting of security over the price of electricity. The main advantages of nuclear power are clean, low-cost, and the main disadvantages are safety risks.
1) Nuclear power generation does not emit huge amounts of contaminants like fossil fuel generation 1) Nuclear power plants generate high-level radioactive waste or used quality into the atmosphere, so nuclear power generation does not cause air pollution;
Nuclear fuel, although small in volume, is required because of its radioactivity (2) Nuclear power generation is free of carbon emissions and does not increase the greenhouse effect of the Earth (2) Nuclear power plants are less thermally efficient and therefore more expensive than fossil fuel power plants in general
3) Uranium fuel used for nuclear power generation, except for electricity generation, for the time being, has not released more waste heat, so the heat contamination of the environment at nuclear power plants is more severe; 3) the investment costs of nuclear power plants are too high and the financial risks of electricity companies are more high
4. The energy density of nuclear fuel is millions of times higher than that of fossil fuels, so nuclear power plants use small amounts of fuel, transport and storage, and nuclear power is less fit to operate at full capacity or below standard.
5) The cost of nuclear power generation is low, the cost of nuclear power generation is not vulnerable to the international economic situation and power generation is solidified.
6) There is a large amount of radioactive material in the reactor of a nuclear power plant, which, if released into the outside environment, can cause ecological damage and damage to the population.The number of hours spent on nuclear power is much higher than in other forms of power generation: the operation of a nuclear power plant is less affected by fuel quality, quantity, etc.
The nuclear power plant uses a much higher number of hours than other forms of power generation in 2017 because of its preferential access to the Internet.
The number of hours spent is 7107.94, which is much higher than the number of hours spent on electricity and water (3785.78 hours), electricity and water (3578.93 hours), electric power (4208.90 hours), wind power (1948.01) and photovoltaic (1205 hours). The number of hours spent on nuclear power varies slightly from 590 to 700 hours in the current month.
In 2017, the number of hours spent on nuclear power was significantly higher than the number of other forms of power generation, figure 24: Domestic, average hours used (hours, current monthly value) The Paris Agreement will control greenhouse gas emissions: the Paris Agreement is a follow-up to the 1992 United Nations Climate Change Agreement.
The main objective of the third landmark international legal text on human response to climate change, following the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, is to keep the global average temperature rise of this century within 2°C, right; 3) by 2030, China ' s carbon dioxide emissions will peak and reach their peak as soon as possible.
In terms of greenhouse gas emissions, the nuclear power chain is only about 1% of the coal chain. A comparison of greenhouse gas emissions should be made.
The industrial chain begins by considering direct emissions (power stations), indirect emissions (other than power plants). Nuclear power generation does not in itself generate greenhouse gas emissions, but requires the consumption of energy and materials in the process of building nuclear power plants and manufacturing the fuel and equipment needed for them, and the production of such energy and materials requires the emission of greenhouse gases.
According to the 2011 research project by the China Institute of Engineering on greenhouse gas emissions from different power-generating energy chains: 1) prior to that time, the actual greenhouse gas emission from the pre-nuclear fuel cycle in China (including uranium mining, uranium conversion, uranium enrichment, component manufacturing, nuclear power plants) had been normalized to 6.2 g. co2/kwh (CO2 emissions per kilowatt-hour)
6.2 g), taking into account that total emissions in the post-nuclear fuel cycle (reprocessing of spent fuel and waste disposal) are 11.9 g Co2/kwh; 2) direct and indirect emissions of greenhouse gases in the coal chain (coal production, coal transport, coal-fired power station construction, operation, discharge and power distribution in four life cycles) are:
1072.4g Co2/kwh, with nuclear power chain greenhouse gas emissions estimated at 1% of the coal chain. 3) Other clean energy production chains are: hydroelectric chain at 0.81~12.8g Co2/kwh; wind chain at 15.9~18.6g Co2/kwh; and nuclear power is low-carbon, intensive energy, replacing coal-fired power generation with nuclear power, which reduces greenhouse gas emissions.
According to the State Council Circular of October 2016 on the publication of a work programme for the control of greenhouse gas emissions, CO2 emissions per unit of gross domestic product were 18 per cent lower than in 2015. By 2020, efforts were made to reach 340 million kilowatts for conventional hydropower and 200 million kilowatts for wind power.
With 100 million kilowatts of light voltage, 58 million kilowatts of nuclear power and 30 million kilowatts of construction capacity, China has acceded to the four commitments of the Paris Agreement, and the direct and indirect CO2 emissions from nuclear power are far lower than those from other sources.
3.3. Nuclear power market: The size of nuclear power plants is expected to reach 120 million to 150 million kilowatts in 2030. The rate of increase in domestic nuclear power plants is faster: 10.62 per cent of China ' s installed capacity was recorded in 2000-2017, and 18.16 per cent of China ' s installed capacity was recorded. The rate of increase in nuclear power is much faster than that of the overall installed power generation.
China's nuclear power plant, Unit 3 of Jiangsu, was officially launched into business on 15 February 2018. At the end of 2018, there were 38 nuclear power units in commercial operation in China, with a total installed capacity of 3,694 thousand kilowatts.
Electricity installed 2.13%. % of installed capacity of nuclear power plants of 6,000 kW and above in China in 2017
China’s share of nuclear power generation has increased year by year, but it is still well below global levels: in 2007-2014, the share of domestic nuclear power generation has remained around 2%. Since 2014, as domestic demand for electricity has slowed and nuclear power generation has continued to grow, China’s share of nuclear power generation has risen from about 2% to about 4%.
The cumulative amount of electricity generated was 319 trillion kWh (+8.3 per cent for the same year), of which the cumulative amount of nuclear power generated was 130 billion kWh (+12.7 per cent for the same year) and 4.07 per cent of the total electricity generated by 2018h1. “4 per cent of nuclear power generated by China” was still well below that of France (72.3 per cent), Korea (30.3 per cent), the United Kingdom.
Countries with similar economic power levels, such as the United States (20.4 per cent), the United States (19.7 per cent), Russia (17.1 per cent), Canada (15.5 per cent), Germany (13.1 per cent), are also well below the global average (10.54 per cent).
There is an urgent need for domestic energy consumption structures to match those of developed countries, and significant domestic development of nuclear power is expected: in 2017, China generated a cumulative 62,758,200 kWh of electricity, including 73.48 per cent of electric, hydroelectric, nuclear and wind power, 10,463.9twh (10,463.9 million kWh), coal, natural gas, nuclear power, etc.
Electricity, hydropower, wind, solar, biomass, fuel, geothermal, other 26.9%, 26.4%, 17.6%, higher than in developed countries (oecd), while clean energy, dominated by nuclear power, is much lower than in developed countries (oecd), and the remaining clean energy sources, such as hydropower, wind power, are roughly close.
Most of the problems are related to the structure of energy consumption, which China needs to match to developed countries when it raises its environmental quality, and it is expected that nuclear power will be developed vigorously in the country. The domestic economy and resource endowments determine “nuclear power-building is more important”: nuclear power generation in developed countries abroad.
Costs are already lower than coal. While wind power and solar power are growing more rapidly in the predominantly European Union developed countries, wind, solar energy in our country is concentrated in areas such as the north-west, Qingzhou, far from energy demand areas, electricity consumption difficulties, high power generation costs, coupled with the difficulty of assuming the role of a base charge power source, domestic development of wind power and photovoltaic power.
And nuclear power can be built close to an energy-intensive region, and it is more important to build, and it is not expected that wind and solar power will squeeze nuclear power domestically. US nuclear power costs less than coal, gas, oil, etc.
Figure 37: The European Union’s wind and solar energy growth is stronger than nuclear energy The size of the nuclear power plant will reach 120 million to 150 million kilowatts in 2030 and the market outlook is wide: as the use of nuclear power is much higher than the other forms of power generation, the share of nuclear power generation is also significantly higher than the capacity of the installed power plant.
The total installed capacity of nuclear power in China reached 3,694 kW (2.13% of the installed power) in 2018, and the cumulative capacity of nuclear power generation in 2018 was 130 billion kWh (4.07% of the total electricity generated by 2018h1). If nuclear power generation in China reached the global average (10.54%), the capacity of nuclear power generation would reach 96 million kWh
In fact, the development of nuclear power is sensitive, and the global nuclear power head effect is evident, concentrated in the five permanent members, with the remaining four, excluding China and abroad, accounting for 15 per cent of the total nuclear power generated by France (72,3 per cent), the United Kingdom (20.4 per cent), the United States (19.7 per cent), Russia (17.1 per cent) and China.
Computation requires capacity of 136 million kW. If China is assumed to maintain a 4 per cent increase in electricity use and a 4 per cent increase in power load in 2018h1-2030, the domestic capacity of nuclear power generation will reach 1.14 in 2030 when the ratio of nuclear power to electricity generation is 8 per cent, 10.54 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively.
One million kilowatts, 150 million kilowatts, 214 million kilowatts, 3.09 times the capacity of the nuclear power plant of 3694 million kilowatts in 2018, 4.07 times the capacity of 5.79 times the capacity of China's nuclear power programme in 2020, as proposed in the “13th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development”
To 58 million kilowatts, 30 million kilowatts are under construction. According to the Chinese Industry News, the 13th Five-Year Plan for Nuclear Power, developed under the leadership of the Energy Authority, has an initial programme and is being consulted. The plan involves long-term prospects for nuclear power development, which is expected to reach 120 million to 150 million kilowatts in 2030.
In a fully competitive market, a rapid increase in the supply of and demand for products will lead to a deterioration in market competition and a decline in the price and price of the product. There are high technical, financial, and approval barriers to nuclear power products, and market ecology will not be caused by the fact that the market’s ecological environment is not.
Industry is growing faster and worse. The domestic development of nuclear power is more a substitute for clean energy, with nuclear power giving priority to the use of electricity on the Internet and on the Internet, so that there is no need to worry about the lower number of hours spent on nuclear power and the lower price of electricity on the Internet, and that the increase in capacity of nuclear power will be basically equal to the amount of power generated, the revenue generated, the gross profit, the net profit.
The country's economy has been undergoing a continuous economic upswing, with a low share of high-energy-consuming industries and a downward trend in the elasticity of electricity consumption: demand for electricity is closely linked to the country's economic situation and structure. In recent years, the country's new and old economic dynamics have accelerated.
As the “industrial sector in the secondary sector” is a traditional power-intensive household, the elasticity coefficient of electricity consumption has fallen to 0.4-0.8 water level, and the rate of electricity consumption has been slower than the rate of the country's gdp growth.
Electricity consumption elasticity coefficients below 1 will be normal. In the first half of 2018, electricity use grew faster than averages in the last five years, with the tertiary sector and urban and rural residents contributing more: in January-August 2018, the total consumption of electricity in China was 4,529.6 billion kWh (year-on-year + year-on-year).
9%) of this total, 652.115 million kilowatt-hours (+8.82% of the same year) in August 2018, an increase in the rate of electricity consumption in the industrial sector, the amount of electricity used by the “third sector, and by urban and rural residents” significantly boosts the entire social use of electricity in the primary sector: 48.2 billion kilowatt-hours in January-August 2018, cumulatively in the primary sector (the same year).
In August 2018, electricity consumption was 8,227 million kWh (8.73 per cent in the same year), in the secondary sector: 31,069 million kWh in January-August 2018 (+7.30 per cent in the same year), and in August 2018, 41,834 million kWh in the same month (the same year).
Figure 43: China ' s total electricity consumption in the primary sector (millions of kWh) (millions of kWh) in the secondary sector (millions of kWh) in the third sector: 724.4 billion kWh in January-August 2018
In August 2018, electricity consumption was 114.229 million kilowatt-hours (as in October 2018 (cumulative value, %), economic factors, alternative power factors, and climate temperature factors were the most significant reason for the increase in electricity use in 2018.
Some sustainability: according to the breakdown of power supply and demand research laboratory factors at the National Electricity Networks Ltd., rapid electricity growth in the first half of 2018 was mainly due to a combination of multiple factors, such as sustained economic stability, increased power substitution and air-related temperature: 1) economic factors have driven electricity growth by about 4.4 percentage points; 2) electricity substitution
The increase in the use of electricity is about 2.8 percentage points: 3) the increase in the temperature of the climate is about 2.2 percentage points. The increase in the use of electricity by the economy is about 13.5 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) per year, leading to an increase of electricity consumption of about 4.4 percentage points for society as a whole.
The growth in electricity slowed, with a total increase of 1.2 percentage points (5.1 per cent) over the same period; the total consumption of electricity in industry increased by 9.4 percentage points over the same year, except for the four high-energy consumption levels, with double-digit growth in the automobile manufacturing industry, the computer/communications and other electronic equipment manufacturing, and the general-purpose equipment manufacturing sector;
In the business sector, information transmission/software and information technology services, wholesale and retail trade, transport/storage and postal power alternatives, which boosted electricity consumption by about 2.8 percentage points in 2018, will continue to contribute to electricity consumption. Increment: power substitution refers to the use of electricity as an alternative to fuel consumption in coal-burning and fuel consumption in end-use energy consumption.
Energy substitution includes electricity-for-coal, electricity-for-oil, and electrification of agricultural production. According to the May 2016 Guidance on Promoting Power Substitution, during the “13th-five” period, the population of the North warms, produces, transports, power supplies, etc.
In four areas, such as consumption, full-scale promotion of electric energy substitution, energy end-use replacement of coal-burning, fuel consumption of about 130 million tons of coal, electricity-driven coal as a share of coal consumption increased by about 1.9 per cent, electricity as a share of end-use energy consumption increased by about 1.5 per cent and electricity as a share of electricity consumption increased by about 27 per cent.
Development of the 13th Five-Year Plan, which proposes the consumption of about 450 billion kWh of new electricity by 2020 (7.13 per cent of the 637.6 billion kWh of public electricity consumption in 2017). In September 2017, the State issued the Guidance for the Promotion of Clean and Warming in Towns in the Northern Heating Area, “2+26” cities in Kyoto and surrounding areas.
In Beijing alone, in 2017, coal was expected to be replaced by more than 800,000 households. According to the Golden Coal Energy, China's electricity alternative potential space is about 2.2 trillion in terms of current technical feasibility alone.
Kilowatt-hours (34.92 per cent of the 6.3 trillion kilowatt-hours spent on electricity in 2017), of which the “coal conversion” “oil conversion” has potential of 1.8 trillion kilowatt-hours and 400 billion kilowatt-hours, respectively; electricity replacements are expected to exceed 600 billion kilowatt-hours in 2020.
Table 12: China's targets for power substitution. Proposed that by 2020, about 130 million tons of coal will be replaced with energy-related power from energy end-use chains, while the total fuel consumption will be about 130 million tons of standard coal. The share of power-driven consumption of energy from end-use sources will increase by about 1.5 per cent, and the share of electricity from end-use energy consumption will be increased by about 27 per cent.
“Electricity development, by 2020, with electricity replacing the new use of electricity by about 450 billion kWh. To achieve a combined heat supply rate of more than 60% in the cities of the North and above, and to phase out coal-fired small boilers covered by the pipe network.
Of these, 400 billion kilowatt-hours (KWh) were completed with electric substitutes for coal, and 23 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of clean energy was expanded. The southern grid, published in Electricity, clearly proposes to integrate the characteristics of each of the five provinces of the South, with a local focus on nine types of electricity alternative technologies, such as boilers, heat pumps, shore power, electromagnetic kitchens, etc.
By the end of May 2017, the Nanning Power Authority had promoted the completion of several alternative power projects, with an estimated annual replacement capacity of 150 million kilowatt-hours, and in 2017, the target value for power replacement was 800 million kilowatt-hours for Southern Network Precincts.
At the end of June 2016, the Guangdong Power Network completed 37 replacement projects.
At the implementation level, in 2017, the National Electricity Networks Ltd. replaced the electricity by 115 billion kWh, assuming a stable ratio of the national electricity replaced by the electricity replaced by the national grid (828/732), and in 2020, when the national grid completed the replacement by 58 billion kW, the national electricity replaced by the electricity was expected to be in 2020.
656 billion kWh. If the national electricity grid is assumed to have completed its electricity replacement target of 130 billion kWh in 2018, the national electricity grid and the national average annual electricity replacement are estimated to have reached 116 billion kWh in 2019-2020 and 131.213 million kWh in 2017.
Based on the increase in electricity consumption of 8% in 2018 and 7% in 2019, it is expected that the power replacement factor (percentage points per year, 1.80 percentage points per year) will continue to contribute to the increase in electricity consumption.
Figure 50: Alternative electricity targets and potential markets projected high temperatures and climate temperature factors driven by electricity growth of about 2.2 percentage points (h1) in 2018: average air conditioning capacity per 100 households in urban and rural areas in China was 8.77 per cent in 2000-2017.
24.21 per cent, at the end of 2017 it reached 128.60 units per 100 days per year, 10 hours per day and 1 kw per hour, respectively (3.96 per cent for the same year), 52.60 units per 100 units per year (48.01 per cent of 8.694.77 per cent for urban and rural residents in 2017).
As urbanization progresses and people ' s lives improves, the amount of household appliances (refrigerates, washing machines, etc.) other than air conditioning will increase, and environmental problems in the atmosphere will generate emerging needs such as specialized equipment for the prevention and control of environmental pollution and household air purification, which are expected to show a sustained pattern of high demand for electricity in both urban and rural areas.
In 2017, 100 rural air-conditioning units (52.60) accounted for only 41% of urban air-conditioning, and more than 10% of the annual rate of air-conditioning growth in rural areas. We expect China air-conditioning from 2018 to 2020e to grow at about 6% annually.
Electricity use for household air conditioning will continue to grow rapidly. Electricity use is more affected by the climate temperature, which in 2018 h1, is characterized by lower temperatures at the beginning of the year and earlier summer temperatures, with a slightly lower average temperature in January, with three rain and snow weather events accompanied by stronger temperatures;
The month of February was equally low, with five general cold air processes wide in scope and intensity; the month of May was the highest in the eastern part of South China and the same period since 1961, with the highest daily temperatures in individual regions exceeding historical extremes; and the month of June averaged “the highest temperature of the day is over 30°C and the lowest temperature of the day is below 0°C” weather as compared to 2017.
There has been a marked increase in the same period, with the increase in climate fluctuations in the first half of the year causing a significant boost in electricity use. According to the National Network Energy Institute, in 2018, h1, the climate temperature factor increased electricity consumption by about 65 billion kilowatt-hours, leading to an increase in electricity consumption by about 2.2 percentage points for the whole of society.
At 0°C, which indicates a need for air-conditioning or heating, assuming a significant wave of temperature, the growth in the use of electricity in society should be much more optimistic than the planned increase in electricity consumption in the previous 13th watt-hours (cagr 3.6% to 4.8%). In 2017, the entire population used 63,07658 million kWh.
In January-July 2018, the aggregate electricity consumption in China as a whole was 3,877.5 billion kWh (year-on-year + 9%), which is still much higher than the projected capr (3.6% to 4.8%). We believe that the projected increase in electricity consumption and the actual increase in electricity consumption in the “13th Five-Year Plan” is mainly due to “electric substitution”
In the first half of 2018, among the factors contributing to the increase in electricity, (i) the economic factor was responsible for about 4.4 percentage points of electricity growth; and (ii) the energy alternative factor was used.
Growth in electricity use is about 2.8 percentage points; 3) increase in the climate temperature factor is about 2.2 percentage points. Energetic energy alternatives will contribute to an increase in electricity consumption of 1.93 percentage points and 1.80 percentage points, respectively, in 2019 and 2020; 3) climate temperature factors, while difficult to predict, have been associated with greenhouse gas emissions and aggregates in recent years.
With the warming of the ball, the positive contribution of climate temperature factors to electricity use is bound to increase, not the traditional trend of a return to averages. In 2009-2017, the rate of increase in electricity consumption in urban and rural areas was 8.36%, and we measured that China ' s air-conditioning holdings increased from 247 million in 2009 to 416 million (6.70% for cagr).
The proportion of electricity consumed is half, and the fluctuations in air conditioners are much greater than “other refrigerators, televisions, washing machines, computers, etc.”, so the theoretical increase in air conditioners consumption should be consistent with the increase in electricity used by urban and rural residents (about 8.36 per cent).
Even without considering the temperature-climatic factors, the rate of increase in electricity use in China is expected to be 3.5 per cent for the period from 2018 to 2020, and the rate of nuclear power consumption in China as a whole is expected to be 3.5 per cent.
Based on the principle of “lower price of coal poles (including devulcanization, without dust) and nuclear poles (0.43 kWh/kWh, including taxes) when they are shipped by the aircraft” in July 2017, the Fujian Provincial Price Authority's Circular on Adjustment of the Price of Nuclear Power Interconnected (restricted) (Voice No. [2017] 179) applies.
In 2017, the average national cost of nuclear power on the Internet was 402.95 yuan/megawatt hours, and the price of coal-fired electricity on the Internet was 371.65 yuan/megawatt hours, and the market was concerned that the performance of nuclear power in China would be affected if approved on the basis of the lower price of coal-fired poles and nuclear poles.
At the end of 2018, China's nuclear power plant installed 8,351.5 million kilowatts in four provinces: Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, Hainan. Of these, the coal-fired units in Zhejiang and Hainan were charged more than the price of the nuclear power grid, and the coal-fired unit in Fujian was roughly at the same price as the nuclear power plant.
The price of the Internet connection (388.35 yuan/megawatt hour) is lower than that of the nuclear power affiliate of China, Jiangsu (455 yuan/megawatt hour), but Jiangsu's nuclear power plant is low at only 1,623 thousand kW (19.43 per cent). Thus, even when the nuclear power unit of the nuclear power plant in China is approved on the basis of the lower price of the coal-fired pole and the lower price of the nuclear poles, the company's business is authorized.
The number of hours spent on nuclear power is difficult: nuclear power is less cyclical, regional and seasonal than hydropower, wind power, solar power, and nuclear fuel is used for long periods of time, electricity supply is stable and the number of hours used is high.
According to the State Council ' s Energy-Saved Power Transfer Scheme (on a trial basis), nuclear power is used as a clean source of energy, and the order of movement takes precedence over the coal-fired, gas- and fuel-fired power units.
The Opinion also calls for continued efforts to solve the problem of nuclear power restrictions in some parts of the country and to promote the proliferation of nuclear power. The nuclear power plant is generally designed to operate with a basic load, so that, in order to guarantee the steady operation of the unit, the nuclear power unit base is not involved in the grid tipping, with higher annual power generation hours. And the number of hours spent on nuclear power is “complicated”.
(The number of hours spent on nuclear power is not easy to decline because of the preference given to Internet access and the number of hours spent on nuclear power is the first to boost when the situation rises). As a result of a slight improvement in the state of power consumption, the number of hours spent on nuclear power units in China rose from 7,371.50 hours in 2016 to 7,461.20 hours in 2017.
4. Competitive advantages: shareholders have a strong background, have sufficient technological reserves, 4.1, are rich, avoid a single technology that could lead to a technological failure
There are a large number of types, including cp300, cp600, cp1000, wwer-1000, ap1000, Hualong 1, etc. Heavy water reactors include candu-6. The diversity of the types of stacks enriches the company’s technical experience and, to some extent, avoids possible co-deficiency of a single technology.
4.2 The shareholders have a strong background, the integrity of the nuclear industry system, which guarantees their future performance, and the integrity of the nuclear industry system: the controlling shareholders in China's nuclear power are the China Nuclear Group, a large State-owned group established in June 1999 on the basis of China's General Nuclear Industry Corporation, with the approval of the State Council.
Its predecessor, the Ministry of Atomic Energy, was established in July 1956. China’s nuclear group has two listed subsidiaries, China’s nuclear power (601985.sh, construction, operation and management of nuclear power plants), China’s nuclear valves (000777.sz, design, manufacture and sale of industrial valves and environmentally friendly water system valves).
(b) Net cash flows from operating activities amounting to $28.83 billion and net increases in cash and cash equivalents amounting to $4.115 billion.
China ' s nuclear-power industry, non-nuclear civilian operations, nuclear fuel, natural uranium, overseas development, equipment production, nuclear environmental engineering, nuclear technology applications, new energy sources, etc., provides sufficient experience, technology, funding and security for the sustainable development of China ' s nuclear power industry.
In order to forecast China's nuclear power performance for 2018-2020, the company's installed units, the number of hours used, the price of the Internet power plant The nuclear power unit: based on schedule, it is assumed that the three units 2 will be commercialized by the end of November 2018 and that unit 4 of the second phase of Project 4 of the Tian Wan nuclear power station will be commercially operational in December.
Fuku Qing nuclear power units 5, 6, Jiangsu nuclear power extension unit 5 and 6 were all delivered by mid-2020.  nuclear power hours: electricity supply and demand are tightly balanced due to higher than expected demand, conservatively assumed to be China
The number of hours spent on nuclear power from 2018 to 2020 is the same as in 2017. The price of nuclear power on the Internet: assuming that from 2017 to 2020, Jiangsu nuclear power on the Internet will all drop from 0.455 to 0.38835 per kilowatt (coal on the Internet in Jiangsu Province in 2017) and the rest of the nuclear power
The cost per unit of electricity generation is assumed to be 11.8 times the cost per unit of electricity on the Internet in 2018-2020. As the third generation of nuclear power is traded and certified safely, the huge domestic nuclear power market will be released.
The future industrial dividend will be shared by the three major nuclear power companies, and China’s nuclear power performance will improve in tandem with the installation of nuclear power, with a “recommended” rating for the first time covered. The third generation of nuclear power has not progressed as expected; nuclear power is not proceeding as fast as expected; nuclear power is under construction; nuclear power safety risks;
Power restarts are not as expected; nuclear power market releases are not as expected.