Nuclear power leader re-engineer, Chinese nuclear power (601985) depth report, Chinese nuclear power.
Developments in the nuclear power sector will be at a turning point. As the ap 1000 piles of three 1 commercials, company control, S14805120014, have reached 19 units of 16.6gw, the follow-up fleets will further increase the size of their loadings.
As a result of the bulk of the engine repairs completed in the first half of the year, the capacity of 2018h2 will be significantly increased, with the company being the sole nuclear power operator in the early part of 2019, with a scarcity. The company’s nuclear power chain is protected, the city’s river is extremely effective, guaranteeing a high Māori rate (43%+) and a net interest rate (26%+), controlling shareholders.
After 2018, the nuclear power industry will be on the verge of commercialization, three generations of nuclear power construction will be fully validated, and new projects will no longer be available.
The company’s reserves cover ap1000, the “Walong One” and vver-1200 units, and will benefit to the maximum extent possible from the reboot of new nuclear power projects as investors and operators. The company’s financial situation is healthy enough to build a safety base.
And there are stable cash flows, profit margins, and asset-liability ratios, which guarantee a stable profitability when size expands. The increase in capital flows from the north shows an increase in foreign interest in firms.
Compared to the advanced countries of Europe and the United States, our per capita electricity use is only 1/2 of Japan, Germany, and 1/3 of the United States, which is far from the world’s advanced countries as a whole, and the entire community has a very large room for upgrading electricity. For the Exxlon, which holds 20% of the U.S. nuclear power operation, the crew has reached maturity.
Depreciation is only 12% of the total cost. The share price of the emelon company has increased 68 times since 1980, well over 24 times the value of the long-term investment of the nuclear power operating enterprise during the same period.
1. China Nuclear Power (601985): Value Added Tax (VAT) returns and new projects affecting profits are put on the wings for development.
, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The three main reasons why the company is going to move fast.
1.1 Reason one: a nuclear power pipeline is scarce. By June 2018, the country had 38 nuclear power plants with a total capacity of 37gw, which represents about 2.13 per cent of the total power capacity of the country.
Nuclear power generation at 130 billion kilowatt-hours is 12.7% higher than the previous year, accounting for about 4.07% of the total electricity generated by 2018h1, and is growing in size and power generation. As a result of nuclear safety regulatory requirements, only China’s three nuclear, Chinese-wide, and Chinese-owned electricity companies currently have nuclear power operating qualifications.
The Department is the controlling party for the investment and operation of all nuclear power plants under China’s nuclear group, which are located in Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangsu, Hainan, Liaoning, Hebei, etc., mainly in the south-eastern coastal provinces with higher power loads.
At the end of the sales deadline of June 2018, the company’s first major shareholder, 70.4%, offered not to lose its shares. China’s nuclear group had a very rich resource in the entire nuclear industry, and in 2018, China’s nuclear construction group, Inc., had completed the construction of nuclear power in the industrial chain.
One ring, the resources of the controlling shareholder, and confidence in the company have long underpinned the company’s development. Figure 1: China’s Nuclear Power Equity Structures, as of September 2018, the company’s holdings had 19 nuclear power units, with a total of 16.6gw installed, and a total of 16.6gw installed.
A total of six 7gw units are being built and will be operational inland in the next four years.
While the company benefits from the development of the nuclear power industry, there are still steady new loads and projects that are growing at the top of utilities.
At present, only China's nuclear power (601985.sh) and China's nuclear power (1816.hk) operate in the public sector. The company, as the only pure nuclear power operation in a share, occupies half of the country's nuclear power operation, and is adequate in the context of the growing size of installed machines and new construction projects.
A reflection of scarcity and full access to market-based valuations. 1.2 Reason two: The greatest beneficiaries of the recovery of nuclear power reflect the history of our nuclear power industry. The process is not a smooth one, policy, intergovernmental cooperation, electricity demand, country.
The development of the nuclear power sector can be divided from time to time (in the early 1970s to 1993): the construction and construction of the Qinshan nuclear power plant, the first nuclear power plant in the country, and the Great Asian Gulf nuclear power plant, which has been introduced from France.
Moderate development (1994-2005): due to the effects of the accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant and the relatively adequate supply of electricity, the State has positioned nuclear power as a complementary source of energy and has carefully developed it.
In 2011, the Fukushima nuclear accident and the unsuccessful construction of the ap1,000 fleet caused a slow pace of industrial development. East’s financial boom was a source of financial prosperity.
After reaching 2018, the nuclear power industry, which we believe will return to rapid development after a low tide in 2016 and 2017, will continue with good news. Three units of ap1000 have been equipped for commercial transport on 21 September, followed technically by the first batch of the nuclear power industry.
On this basis, the Ap1000/cap1400 unit will start work as three reference stations.
The demand for electricity is constantly improving, and the problem of nuclear power consumption will be alleviated. In January-August 2018, the national electricity generation increased by 7.7% on a year-on-year basis, faster than expected at the beginning of the year, and the driving force has shifted from the former secondary sector to the tertiary sector and civilian electricity, and high electricity consumption growth is expected to remain sustainable.
With the introduction of three generations of nuclear power technologies and years of autonomous development, our nuclear power industry has become highly autonomous and has developed the Hualong I, Cap 1400.
With an uncertain increase in the world economy, the state has increased its investment in autonomously controlled projects, including chips, super-high-pressure projects, and so on. In the second half of 2018, new nuclear power projects are expected to reboot in the east.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China's nuclear power (601985): Nuclear power leaders re-engineer and re-engineer, in the event that a new nuclear power project is about to arrive, analyse it in two dimensions: time sequence and degree.
The business chain is the latest in the benefit sequence, but the company’s stock fleet has performed well, with 2.2gw on average continuously joining the operational fleet each year between 2018 and 2020, guaranteeing a steady increase in the size of the load, and this year, five years later, new start-up projects will maintain the trend of growth in the size of the load.
Nuclear power companies and nuclear power construction companies generally operate primarily on nuclear power, and nuclear power restarting benefits the most. Large amounts of money have been invested in equipment development, production and upgrading in advance by long-cycle major equipment manufacturers.
The start-up of major equipment orders and orders with a high Maori rate and a large amount of money will significantly improve the company’s performance. But companies typically have less than 50% of the nuclear power business, which benefits the second most.
The lower the demand, the more competitors, the lower the Māori rate of equipment, and therefore the lower the benefit. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, in the context of the upcoming re-launch of new nuclear power projects, the overall recovery of the nuclear power industry, the company as the operator, and the reason why.
This benefits from further expansion of the balance sheet and the conversion of the construction project to a flow-driven model, an increase in cash flows and red rates, and a steady increase in company performance with nuclear power to revive the East Wind.
The healthy financial situation is a solid guarantee of the company’s development. As a nuclear power operator, the company’s finances are characterized by steady growth in the size of its revenues, a good cash flow, and a stable profit margin as a result of the moat effect and sound fiscal policies.
Count one. The main factors affecting the company ' s operating income are the amount of electricity generated and the price of electricity on the Internet, the return of value added tax on net profits, the steady increase in the company ' s total installed capacity, the use of hours as the demand for electricity dropped to its lowest point in 2016, and then the start of a rebound, which is still in the process of rising, with the amount of electricity generated both in installed capacity and in the use of hours.
The decrease in the amount of electricity connected to the Internet compared to the 7 per cent of electricity generated is mainly due to the self-consumption of equipment at nuclear power plants, the higher the operational power, the smaller the proportion of electricity used by the plants relative to the total electricity generated.
Nuclear power uses the lower side of the price of coal-fired poles in the provinces and 0.43 yuan of nuclear poles as an Internet-based electricity price, and the price of coal-fired poles as a coal-connected policy leads to an increase in the price of coal, with very little room for decline.
According to the Circular of the General Directorate of State Taxation of the Ministry of Finance on issues related to tax policies in the nuclear power sector (the return rate for fiscal years [2008] and 11-15 years was in order to be 75 per cent, 70 per cent and 55 per cent, with no value added after the end of 15 years, based on the growth in electricity generated by the increasing number of shipping fleets, the company ' s operating income has been 10 per cent since 2015
The above growth has been steady, with lower prices for coal-fired poles and lower value-added tax (VAT) refunds resulting in less net profit growth than the increase in revenue. Based on the coal-connected principle, the rise in coal prices since 2018 has left no room for a decline in the price of coal-fired poles, and the impact of the lower number of operational fleets in 2004-2007 has been limited, with net profits expected to recover.
The company’s nuclear power operation, which is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East, has consistently maintained a high profit rate of over 40%, a stable net profit rate of over 20%, a stable net profit rate of over 10%, and a corresponding decline in the asset-liability ratio since 2011.
With nuclear power operating in a heavily protected river, dominated by fixed costs, low marginal costs, depreciation as a proportion of total costs of up to 38%. With low fuel consumption and a stable price, strong profitability is expected to continue.
Planning for the release of $7.8 billion in debt-transferable funds for Fukugi 5 and 6 and Tianqin 5 and 6, which will reduce the asset-liability ratio after the completion of the stock transfer. Although there were no new project starters in 2016 and 2017, companies still have robust capital expenditure plans, and the cash flow/capital expenditure ratio of operating activities continues to increase, maintaining it.
The company has a very good cash flow, the cash flow/net profit ratio of its operations is stable at over 2.0 and the cash/business income ratio of its sellers is stable at over 1.0.
Long, country-based power grid-based customers have a higher credit rating and shorter repayment cycles. And capital spending will decline in the future.
At the same time, based on good cash flows, a significant increase in the red rate can be achieved, with a current rate of 38% red, 1.94% dividends, and a very large margin for improvement. We believe that good cash flows have a very strong security boost to the company’s performance.
Since then, voluntary commitments have been maintained, demonstrating confidence in corporate development. Each year, European and American investors are more familiar with nuclear power than domestic investors, and companies will attract more offshore investment.
2. The indispensability of the development of nuclear power ensures that the economic advantages of a company ' s development of space 2.1 will continue to strengthen the selection of 2.1.1 to counter the winds of foreign trade.
Our nuclear power projects are growing in national production, with a combined national production rate of 85% for three generations of nuclear power. At present, all critical equipment and materials in nuclear power units have been designed autonomously and manufactured nationally, creating a three-generation nuclear power supply chain. The development of nuclear power can help reduce our external dependence on energy and avoid the risk of foreign trade being transmitted through energy.
2.1.2 The full life-cycle cost is extremely competitive, and nuclear power, despite its investment in pre-construction, has a longer design life and a three-generation design life span than other energy sources.
Up to 60 years, and mainly depreciated (38%) during operation, running costs and fuel costs are relatively low, and lcoe is very competitive. According to the data from the power parity cost report released jointly by Yia and nea in 2015, our nuclear power plant is flattened.
The cost is only about half of the cost of coal-fired electricity generation. In the long run, the use of nuclear power as a base charge power plant has helped to reduce the cost of electricity for the entire community, and the country has a 40-year life-cycle surplus of second-generation nuclear power designs, which will be extended by a license when they fall due, further enhancing the profitability of nuclear power operations.
China Nuclear Power (601985): The best option under the "subsidized slope" trend of 2.1.3.
To encourage the development of clean energy, the State established the Renewable Energy Development Fund in 2012, which is dedicated to spending on activities such as subsidies on electricity prices for renewable energy. With the support of the new energy subsidy policy, there is a boom in investment and construction of projects such as photovoltaics, wind power, etc.
However, due to the rapid growth of the grid, the subsidy gap is widening. According to the Ministry of Finance, at the end of 2017, our renewable energy subsidy gap was about $100 billion, of which the photovoltaic subsidy gap was about $49.6 billion. As a result, policy subsidies for photovoltaic and wind power are declining.
Inevitably, the decline in the prices of products in the photovoltaic and wind power chains will continue until parity access and affordability are resolved. Nuclear power, which is implemented without State subsidies and can be allocated to marketized transactions, is a cost-effective source of energy.
The Eastern Sources of Finance and the Epidemic Notification of Matters Related to Photovoltaic Powering 2018
Table 3: Key national policies for wind power Figure 20: Trends in the price of photovoltaic subsidies on the Internet
2.2 The demand side is gradually warming and will continue to grow 2.2.1 The demand for electricity has returned to a strong level after 2018. During the “12th Five-Year” period, it was “decapitated”.
In the context of the “structural adjustment” the rate of electricity use in the country has been declining. As the economic transition has deepened, the cumulative rate of growth has been 6.6%, 9.4%, and 9.4%, respectively, for the whole of the year and 2018h1, respectively. We recognize that the main factors driving the growth in electricity use throughout the society are the following:
The economy has been growing steadily. Since 2016, the gdp has grown at rates ranging from 6.7 to 6.9%, pct and 0.5 pct, showing that economic warming has benefited from an increase in total supply and demand and an improvement in the structure of the economy. We anticipate an increase in electricity consumption due to global warming and extreme weather. China was an unusually hot year in 2017, with higher temperatures.
Also, according to the China Climate Change Blue Book released by the Chinese Meteorological Service in 2018, global warming is continuing, climate risks are still rising, China is a sensitive region of global climate change and significant impacts, and it is expected that the increase in high-temperature weather in 2018 will continue to drive the increase in electricity use.
Electricity is an alternative to accelerating the increase in electricity use. In response to demands for cleaner and more modern economic development, the State has clearly set out a target of 450 billion kwh as an alternative to electricity in the Tenth and Third Five-Year Plan, which is expected to add about 100 billion kwh per year, further safeguarding the growth of electricity demand.
2.2.2 There is still much room for electricity development in my country, with an average per capita gdp of $8827 per year in 2017, which is still a large gap with developed countries, equivalent to the levels of the late 1970s in Europe and the United States and Japan, and the early 1990s in Korea. We are now in the middle and late stages of industrialization.
The source of financial prosperity in the East has broken out, and countries or areas such as Korea, France, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, Spain, etc., have experienced a significant increase in electricity use during this breakup, with annual electricity growth ranging from 5.3 to 13.9%.
Demand continues to enjoy the Gdp dividend of sustained growth, at a rate of between 6 and 8%. From the point of view of per capita electricity use, our per capita electricity consumption in 2015 was 3,844 kWh/year, about 1/2 in Japan, France, Germany, and 1/3 in the United States, Australia, and South Korea, with a large overall gap with the world’s developed countries.
In January-August 2018, the country experienced a 9 per cent increase in electricity consumption in the first, second and third industries and in urban and rural areas, not to mention 9.8 per cent, 7.3 per cent, 13.6 per cent and 12.3 per cent.
Electricity use. Horizontally, the tertiary sector continues to have a low share of the industrial structure of the developed world, with uplifts. We believe that as urbanization continues and the standard of living of the population rises, per capita electricity use will continue to increase steadily, ensuring a sustained improvement in the environment in which electricity is needed.
2.2.3 Alternatives to enhanced demand for electricity Energy substitution refers to the substitution of electricity for other end-use energy consumption patterns, thus mitigating the problem of pollution at the end of energy consumption, is an effective way to improve living standards and environmental quality, and the State has put in place a series of policies to encourage the promotion of power substitution.
This year, in key alternative areas such as coal-fired boilers, kilns, port-shore electricity, a batch of power-substitution projects is planned to complete 100 billion kilowatt-hours of alternative electricity throughout the year.
With a baseline of about 100 billion kilowatt-hours per year expected to be added to the electricity replacement capacity between 2017 and 2020, the cagr is 44%. We believe that the electricity replacement trend will be a necessary demand in the long-term economic development of the country, and that the electricity replacement will further drive the increase in demand for electricity and create a stable load.
2.3 A clean and efficient supply-side restructuring is the trend of 2.3.1 Nuclear power is the most stable clean energy source and nuclear energy does not in itself generate greenhouse gas emissions in the process.
In the manufacturing process, the emission of greenhouse gases from nuclear power chains is only about 1% of coal power. Nuclear power is less constrained and influenced by the climate environment, and can operate at full capacity all day long, and is more friendly to the grid than clean energy such as wind, hydropower, and solar energy.
The country’s determination to optimize its economic structure and promote supply-side institutional reform has been evident. In recent years, the equipment capacity of the power plant has decreased, and the environmental costs of coal are expected to increase in the future, with the increase in coal prices and the increase in electricity generated by the power generation from fire, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
China's nuclear power (601985): Nuclear power leaders re-engineer and re-engineer, further slowing down, giving development space for clean energy such as nuclear power. The “13th Five” plan for energy development clearly states that coal will be below 58% in 2020, assuming an increase of 8% in electricity use, and we expect that the fire power reform will be clean.
Energy released more than 700 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity, three times the total nuclear power generated in 2017. 2.3.2 Nuclear power consumption policies protect the environment. With the progressive implementation of the concept of sustainable development, the development of clean energy has become the main thrust of national policies.
Nuclear power, as one of the most potential sources of clean energy for development, has provided adequate policy support in the form of a number of national documents on nuclear power development and elimination since 2012. Nuclear power, due to its stable load, has a high output energy quality and is ranked first among all power generation varieties.
Theoretically, except for two weeks to one month of overhaul, full power can be achieved when grid loads allow, with a theoretical advantage of more than 90%, but the actual utilization rate was even below 80% in 2016 due to problems in the provinces of Fujian, Hainan, Liaoning, etc.
We believe that nuclear power operators will benefit significantly from the resolution of the problem. The stock fleet can raise revenue from electricity sales at very low marginal costs, and its performance will improve significantly.
Figure 29: The number of hours spent on nuclear power is increasing. Figure 28: Average number of hours used per year by various forms of power generation in 2017
The largest U.S. nuclear power operator at 3.1 steps to maturity, Exronexelon (nyse:exc), is the largest U.S. nuclear power operator, founded in 1887 at headquarters.
Chicago, Illinois. In 2000, unicocom and Pecoenergy merged to form the current exelon, and in 2005 acquired the United States Public Utilities Group (p.s.e.&g), which formed the largest electricity company in the United States and renamed it the exeloneletric&gas.
The state, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey provide electricity services to 7 million users. Exelon owns 15 nuclear power plants, 25 operating units, mostly located in the eastern part of the United States, with an equity-loading capacity of 20gw, generating more than 20% of US nuclear power annually, and is an absolute leader.
The company’s fleet is adequate and delivered early, and most of it is now in the post-life or licensing extension phase, where Echelon is engaged mainly in the production and transmission of energy, including nuclear energy, fossil fuels, hydro, wind and solar power. In addition, Echelon provides products and services such as renewable energy, fossils, etc.
Fuel exploration and production services. Nuclear power generation is the company’s core business. In 2017, the company’s total power generation was nuclear. Exelon’s share of depreciation in the total cost of the plant was significantly reduced by years of operation. It now accounts for only 12% of the total cost, well below the 38% depreciation in China’s total cost of nuclear power.
China's nuclear power (601985): the nuclear power leader re-engineer and re-engineer.
The value of long-term investments by nuclear power companies is reflected in the 68-fold increase in company stock prices since the year they were listed, well above the 24-fold increase in S&P 500 over the same period. The US nuclear power industry grew rapidly in the 1960’s and 1970’s, during which most nuclear power plants were built.
The same is true of the nuclear power plant under the flag of exelon, most of which has now completed 40 years of design life and successfully applied for a licence to continue into a new 20-year operating period.
3.2 The firm is in a good financial position and has a very stable profitability. Since 2006, annual revenues have been maintained at $100 billion and net profits from non-repatriation at more than $5 billion.
As a result of increasing shale gas extraction in the United States, electricity wholesale prices have fallen, affecting the exportlon company’s nuclear profitability. From 2014, company fuel and electricity purchase costs began to decline, driving the Māori rate back to 30%, and Roe is gradually recovering.
Eung-heung Securities Deep Report China Nuclear Power (60:1985): The nuclear power leader re-engineer.
Figure 37: The operating costs of exelon account for the revenue, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the cash flow of exelon is very stable. The cash flow from operating activities is stable at two times the net profit per year.
As a result of the increased demand for maintenance and rehabilitation of nuclear power plants under the flag, capital spending has increased over the years, and operating cash flows have remained higher than capital expenditure. Exelon has a stable rate of dividends and dividends. Exelon's asset-liability ratio has remained around 72%, close.
In the case of nuclear power in China, an average of more than 40 per cent of the dividends and 3.5 per cent of the dividends are significantly higher than in the case of nuclear power in China, suggesting that the dividends can reach a higher level at the stage of maturity of the nuclear power plant. 3.3 The stage of maturity of nuclear power in China will go beyond the exelon.
As China and the United States lead nuclear power companies, there are many similarities and comparabilitys between China's nuclear power and the exelon, and because of the different starting points and stages of nuclear power development, the exelon can enter as a nuclear power operator into the source of financial prosperity in the East.
We believe that China’s nuclear power will have a better financial performance than its emelon at the maturity stage, mainly for the following reasons: our nuclear power construction is an economic leader. According to the report published in 2015, we invested US$ 2615/kw, US$ 4,100/kw in three generations of nuclear power, and we invested US$ 2615/kw/kw, respectively, in three generations of nuclear power.
The cost of construction is about a third lower than that of the United States. We have never interrupted nuclear power construction for nearly 30 years, and the rate of national production has passed 85%, and the accumulation has reduced the cost of construction and still has the space to decline. Lower construction costs will effectively reduce depreciation, amortization, financial costs, and increase the profitability of the fleet during its operation.
We have developed nuclear power later than the world’s most developed countries, but we have also developed it, and are in the forefront of the development and construction of three generations of nuclear power. In the future, we have approved three or four generations of nuclear power, and the design lifetime will be extended from 40 to 60 years of second generation nuclear power.
Life expectancy is 40 years, and the licence continues to run for 60 years. China’s nuclear power future loader fleet is expected to live for 80 years (60 years of design life and a renewal of the licence for the year + 20), with a continued total investment of about 980 million yuan (including security assessments), significantly lower investment in new air fleets and much higher economic performance.
The energy structure of the country is more favourable to nuclear power. At present, the share of nuclear power in total national electricity generation is only 4%, well below the world average of 11%. Our energy structure is dominated by thermal power (73%) and hydropower (17%) and is highly dependent on coal, but under pressure from energy-saving reduction, environmental production of coal mines, and ecological protection.
Fire power and hydropower development are bottlenecks, and nuclear power is the ideal alternative to electricity as a base charge. The US energy structure is based on natural gas (31.7%), electric power (30.1%) and nuclear power (20%), which has significantly reduced gas prices as a result of the breakthrough in shale gas development. In terms of the energy structure of the two countries, nuclear power development has been hit.
Considers that the development of nuclear power is more favourable in the context of our small nuclear power base and shortage of coal resources. 4. High operating fleet profits provide solid support for performance.
The company's operating fleet has a steady profitability, with the company operating at a relatively high rate of profit compared to the coal and hydroelectric taps, with a Māori rate of around 40 per cent and a net interest rate of about 26 per cent, followed only by hydropower, which is much higher than electricity and electricity.
The main factors that we believe that companies can maintain high profitability are the marginal cost advantage. In the company’s cost structure, depreciation of fixed assets accounts for 38% of the total cost.
The largest portion of the cost, while the share of nuclear fuel in total revenue is 14.6%, which is one quarter of the share of coal in the total revenue of a fire and electricity company, and the company has a smaller marginal cost than a fire and electricity company. Hydropower companies, because of zero fuel costs, have a major portion of the cost, with fixed asset depreciation, and companies, in addition to nuclear fuel, have a cost structure similar to hydropower.
The combined depreciation rate of 4.4 per cent is based on policies developed by the operating second-generation nuclear unit. But the second-generation nuclear unit has a design life of 40 years, while the future transport and start-up unit will be all three of 60 years of design life.
In sub-nuclear units, there is space to extend the depreciation period. And, compared with within the nuclear power industry, there is a lower combined depreciation rate (about 3%) for electricity, which reduces the depreciation amount, which is the main reason for the company’s gross interest rate being lower than for medium- and wide-scale power.
The company uses nuclear fuel from China Nuclear Fuel Co. Ltd., a major shareholder of the nuclear power plant, and avoids a significant wave of nuclear fuel prices by signing the Agreement on Fuel Component Processing Services, the Framework Agreement on the Procurement of Natural Uranium/Consolidated Uranium, the Agreement on the Supply of Nuclear Fuel Components, etc.
Access to value-added tax return policy guarantees. As nuclear power is a clean energy source, it can benefit from State tax concessions, according to the Circular of the National Directorate of Taxation of the Ministry of Finance on issues related to tax policy in the nuclear power sector (fiscal revenues [2008]).
The value added tax (VAT) policy is no longer applied after the end of 15 years. Most of the company’s operating fleet is still in the first 15 years of operation, and the value added tax (VAT) is paid back to about 20-30% of the total profit.
A steady increase in the size of the operating fleet of 4.2, the arrival of Unit 3 in Soda Bay, River 2018h1, on 15 February, has increased the company's fleet to 18 units.
The capacity is 15.4gw. And the first unit of ap10003, Unit 1, is already in commercial condition and is expected to be officially operational in the near future, while the other units of ap1000 and the "Wallon One" will continue to be operational, and the company's nuclear power operation, 4.3 power generation, is still on a fast-growing path.
The company’s growing commercial fleet, the increase in the size of the aircraft and the increase in the number of hours used, has had a double effect, driving the company’s electricity generation to increase. The company’s capacity to generate 2018h1 electricity at 54.15 billion kilowatt-hours increased by 13.3 per cent from the same year, accounting for 42 per cent of the country’s total nuclear power generation and 1.69 per cent of the country’s total electricity generation.
After a month of major repairs and a 16th of August reconnection to commercial traffic. 2018h2 will increase the number of major repairs and the number of hours used by the aircraft will increase significantly. We observe that the number of hours used throughout 2018 will maintain the upward trend, and it is expected that units 2 and 1 of 3 Tanagawa will be moved to commercial traffic in February and October, respectively, with a total of 3310mw installed.
Table 9: Operating fleets and utilization rates in the first half of 2018
In the context of the accelerated delivery of ap1000 aircraft and the steady growth in the volume of electricity used by the community, the increase in the number of operating units and the number of moving hours is expected to increase power generation by more than 20 per cent in 2019. 3 units 1 were launched in October 2018, and 3 units 2 and 4 will be operational by the beginning of 2019.
Since 2016, the number of hours spent on nuclear power has been on the rise since the beginning of 2016. The company is the leading nuclear power industry.
Having a sufficient market share and a favourable geographical location for electricity consumption, both in terms of the number of hours used and in terms of the rate of growth, has shown a better upward trend than the country as a whole. In 2014-2017, the average number of hours of company power generation equipment was about 200 hours higher than the average of all social nuclear equipment.
The company’s equipment is expected to last more than 7,600 hours, bearing in mind that the number of hours is used to keep it high.
4.3.3 Profits from power generation pull and growth. Trends in electricity generation, revenue collection and net profits from 2014-2017 show a strong correlation between electricity generation and revenue collection. This is mainly due to the low marginal cost of nuclear power, which results in sales when electricity generation rises.
The increase in revenue versus net profits is stronger, and the trend is open as a result of the decline in the price of electricity on the Internet. Following the adjustment of the price of the poles on 1 July 2017, the price of coal combustion is expected to rebound and stabilize, the price of electricity on the Internet is expected to be more stable over the last five years, the trend of revenue and net profits is similar, and net profits are positive between net profits and electricity generation.
The demand for electricity has continued to improve since 2016, with an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same period in the entire population.
From a regional point of view, the company’s nuclear power unit is located in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, Hainan, where the demand for electricity is high, and the increase in the use of electricity is on the rise, which is conducive to the elimination of the company’s future increase in power generation.
Figure 49: Electricity use in Jiangsu province increased by 6.7 per cent; Figure 50: Electricity use in Fujian province increased by 12.2 per cent; Figure 51: Electricity use in Hainan province increased by 6.5 per cent
4.4 Increase in the scale of electricity market-based transactions The priority of clean energy generation in the electricity spot market is supported by policies. In 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency (NEA) issued a circular on the active promotion of electricity market-based transactions for further improvement of the trading mechanism.
In a safe environment, secure and orderly promotion of nuclear power units into the market, and in addition to guaranteeing priority power generation programmes, encouragement of nuclear power generation through participation in trade-offs, have ensured the policy priority of nuclear power in market-based transactions.
In the provinces where the company’s nuclear power plants are distributed, Jiangsu and Zhejiang are the first and third countries in 2017, accounting for about 20% and 25% of the electricity consumed throughout the province. In 2018, 1,451 million kilowatt-hours of electricity were traded as of July, according to the forecast.
The scale of the transaction will be 190 billion kilowatt-hours in 2018. In 2018, the company planned to trade 600 kilowatt-hours of electricity on the market in Fujian province. The company was actively involved in the electricity market, and the market-based electricity market sales by 2018h1 were 13.956 billion kilowatt-hours, accounting for 26% of total electricity generation, a significant increase from 21% of market-based trading participation in 2017.
Using the tender model, the actual price of electricity delivered would be lower than the approved price of electricity on the Internet, e.g., the average price of electricity traded in the provinces of Fukuk1 and Zhejiang would be 0.32 yuan/degree, 0.393 yuan/degree, and the price of electricity on the approved Internet would be 0.37 yuan/degree and 0.42 yuan/degree, with an impact on the revenue from the sale of electricity of around 10 per cent.
In the future, electricity will be marketed on a larger scale, with low marginal costs fuelling firms’ market advantages. Policy orientation suggests that in the future, it will continue to expand the volume of marketed and traded electricity.
We have a relatively low international cost, and have a cost advantage in marketed electricity transactions, and lower electricity prices have helped businesses to increase their share of the electricity market, increase the volume of electricity sold, and further increase their profitability. Markets have been successful, and good industry leaders.
Over the long term, companies will continue to benefit from increased bargaining power and existing competitive advantages. New projects + new directions will lead companies to grow.
5.1 Three generation nuclear power approvals for new nuclear power projects have been re-established, and nuclear power development is at a turning point. With the commercialization of the first three units of ap1000 on September 21, 2018, it has been demonstrated that three generation nuclear power units have been built up in quantities from a technical point of view.
As a result of nuclear security regulatory agencies’ demands, all new units will be more secure, third- or fourth-generation, and the approval of new three-generation nuclear power projects is expected to accelerate after a complete construction cycle of three generations of ap1,000.
In order to achieve the 13th Five-Year Plan, approximately 24 three-generation nuclear power plants will have to be approved for construction by 2020, an average of 8 per year.
If the nuclear power project is accelerated later, the company's ap1000 unit, Xu Da Fort 1, 2, 3 and 4, “Wallon One”, Xiaozhou 1, 2, and Hainan 3, 4 are expected to take the lead in approval within the next two years, start the work in batches, and are expected to start production in 2023, with an additional load of approximately 16.7gw, future revenue.
Co-organizing a joint venture for a wave pile that can convert depleted uranium fuel directly into serviceable fuel within a reactor and fully incinerate its use and reduce the risk of nuclear proliferation by controlling the combustion rate without having to change it, is highly favoured by the nuclear industry. On September 30, 2017, the company and Bill Gates invested in the development of the U.S. Tela energy bank.
The company has set up a joint venture, Global Innovation and Nuclear Technologies Limited. The joint venture aims to implement a phased plan for the construction and operation of small, medium and large commercial wave reactors over the next 20 years, increasing the economics of commercial wave reactors by about 20 per cent over the three generations of technology available.
The development of fast reactor technology for a closed cycle of nuclear fuel. Fast piles are an important option for achieving a closed cycle of nuclear fuel, and our country is developing fast reactor technology vigorously. The fast piles developed by the China Atomic Energy Science Research Institute will allow the use of uranium resources.
One per cent was raised to over 60 per cent, while the amount of nuclear waste produced was minimized, the radioactive waste was minimized, and the Chinese experiment fast reactor was successfully built. 55 per cent of China’s nuclear group’s holdings, and the Fao Xiaura fast reactor demonstration project for China’s nuclear power master package was launched on 29 December 2017.
Construction, the only nuclear power project approved for start-up in 2016 and 2017, using a fast neutron reactor with a single capacity of 600mw, is scheduled to be completed by 2023. 5.3 Construction of an internationalized platform system
At the 2017 Foreign Affairs Conference, the China-China Nuclear Group made clear its intention to promote internationalization by participating as an important subsidiary of the Group in the relevant cooperation negotiations. There is extensive cooperation and good cooperation with Russia.
In the People ' s Hall, SNAG signed the framework contract for the Tian Wan Nuclear Power Station 7/8, the framework contract for the Xu Da Fort Nuclear Power Station and the framework contract for the Chinese model fast reactor equipment supply and service procurement, and will use the Vver-1200/v491 reactor for units 7 and 8 in Tian Wan and Xu Da Fort 3 and 4.
Today, the largest nuclear energy cooperation project in China and Russia, with the above-mentioned package signed at a total cost of more than 20 billion yuan yuan and a total cost of more than 100 billion yuan yuan, is an opportunity for cooperation under the "one way" policy. In 2018, the Chinese nuclear group joined the Ministry of Energy and Mines of Uganda.
The Director-General signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy, which provides the basis for cooperation on follow-up projects. In-depth talks were held with the President of the Argentine Nuclear Power Corporation to promote the fourth and fifth nuclear power plant projects in Argentina.
and the signing of a global strategic cooperation agreement with the French company French-French French-French-French-French-French-French-French-based nuclear energy promotion programme