There's a lot of orders, smartness is accelerating the expansion of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: companies are leading firms in the domestic automotive electronics industry, with over $7 billion on hand orders in 2019, and will enter the order release period in the next two years, with expectations of a turning point and a high growth period. We are leading the country, positioning globalization.
Look, Dewey has a similar business composition to Wei Wei-Tung. Wei-Tung's position is to focus on a first-class supplier dedicated to driving a cabin electronics product, with a global layout in 18 countries, with a $3 billion global revenue in 2018, compared to $790 million in the same period.
In the future, smart cabins are driven by both demand and supply, with the potential for in-depth evolution. On the one hand, they range from mechanical instruments, vehicles, radios, and controls.
LCD meters will lead to an increase in the value of bicycles. Meanwhile, the trend of big screening of vehicle-borne entertainment information systems will also lead to an increase in the value of bicycles. Moreover, airspace control will be the key to the current development of smart cabins, with mainstream domestic and foreign cabin companies actively playing out.
In 2018, the company obtained a new order for the smart cockpit and the stocking of cars and homes, the Chang An and the Curry Car, and started selling the cs75plus model in 2019. At the same time, the company’s four-screen interactive product, based on the 820a of the High Tunglong, was manufactured in the ideal one-size car.
In the first year of autopilot, the company's reserves are high. In 2020, the year of autopilot-l2-l3 conversions, products associated with the main brand are expected to be produced in successive years. At the same time, the upgrade of autopilots will lead to a chain of industry.
New opportunities are expected to arise in areas such as sensors, electronics, computing platforms, etc. Desaily prefers to supply out in the form of a soft and hard integration solution, with 360 spectroscopes, fully automated parking systems, driver behaviour surveillance, t-box, etc. products developed and produced autonomously.
The millimetre-wave radar has capacity, and its level-I3 autopilot control will be produced on Little Pap7 in mid-year. The company’s layout in autopilot is accelerating.
Company profile: Lead company in the country ' s smart cabin, company profile 1.1: Lead car electronics manufacturer in the country. Desaichevy is the leading car electronics producer in the country, based on existing vehicle information systems, car-borne entertainment systems.
(a) Products such as DUIS, air conditioning controllers, which are constantly moving forward with the upgrading of traditional products in the direction of smart cockpits, and product lines linked to the development of smart drivers, car connections, etc., at the same time, leading to the provision of a people-centred, connected, intelligent and efficient overall travel programme based on intelligent cockpits, smart drivers and car connections, with intelligent cars at its centre;
Figure 1: The history of corporate development in Desai Weiwei's three major business groups: Desai Weiwei's predecessor is Philips Motors, Hong Kong's Golden Hills and Hyeju City Industrial Development Corporation.
Central European Electronics Industries Ltd. (former of Desai Group) was founded in 1986. In 1998-1999, Mannes Manwidio acquired shares in Philips' car sound system and Hong Kong's Golden Hills, and Central Europe became a joint venture between Mannes Mannes Manwedio and Desai Group.
In March 2010, Desai acquired all of Siemens vdo’s shares, and the company was officially renamed Desaiway Motors and Electronics Ltd. in Huezhou. During the foreign holdings, Desaixives was able to combine quality with world quality by working with Philip, Manesman, and Siemens. From joint ventures to ownership, Desai Siwei has already occupied more than 10% of the front-loading market.
Multimedia navigation products remain the country’s first-ever leader in high-end markets in front of auto factories, leading China’s auto electronics industry and leading the front-loading market. Figure 2: Corporate development history
Corporate equity structure: As of the third quarter of 2019, the UCG held 58.3% of the company’s equity, the company’s controlling shareholders, the UCK and the UCTI held 51% and 49% of the UCG’s equity, respectively, and the UCSC was the actual controller of the DG.
The company’s client structure is 19.43%. The company’s customer structure is: the company has a very high level of growth in the electronics sector of automobiles, and is well established with the country’s leading car electronics producers. The joint brand covers German, Japanese, American, and autonomous brand clients.
At the same time, companies export their products, with customers covering Majuta, Toyota, Nissan, Vol Information Systems, 76%, 7%, and 9% respectively in 2019. Smart driving-related operations now account for a relatively small share, but they are already in the production phase, and are expected to grow at a high rate. In the subregion, 85% of corporate revenues come from the domestic market.
By 2018, it had benefited from a high rate of growth in the domestic automobile market, with a high rate of growth in corporate revenue. By 2018, domestic gas sales had turned back, and companies had experienced a decline in the impact.
In response to the larger trend of car intelligence, investment in autopilot is huge, and the share of R & D is increasing, far above the national average of spare parts manufacturers. The decline in corporate performance is higher than in revenue, as a result of both a decline in the M & D rate and an increase in R & D investment. We believe that current investment by companies is consistent with the trend of car intelligence, laying the foundation for subsequent sustainable development.
At the same time, in 2020, the year of production of higher volumes of smart cars, the company’s corresponding products (domain controller, 77ghz mm wave radar) will enter the production stage, and the company’s prior inputs will gradually enter the harvest period. Consistent with the trend of intelligence, the company’s R & D inputs will remain high: smart cabins, smart drivers, car connections are not available to the company.
The three main directions for development are consistent with the trend toward car intelligence, with companies maintaining high levels of investment in intelligence for domestic automobile e-headings. In 2019, corporate R&D spending/business income targets reached 12%, well above the industry average.
Figure 11: Corporate R & D spending has reached industry leadership of 1.2 domestic leaders, positioning itself as a global leader, and Desailawe as an electronic leader of the domestic cabin. The main players in the domestic module electronics are autonomous and foreign producers.
China’s foreign-owned brands provide domestic supply to domestic factories of large global parts and components, including Wei Shito, Boshi, mainland, electricity, Haman, Pioneer, Song, and others. Domesticly owned companies include Desai Siwei, Merit Electronics, Navigation Electronics, Huayang Group, Lusang Technology, Sokini shares.
The Yang Group is the main player, Luftom, Soskin, the leading market in the future, and from a revenue point of view, Desai Siwi is the leading electronic player in the domestic cabin.
In terms of the composition of the business, Desaiway's business is more similar to that of Wei Wei-Tung. Wei-Tung's position is as a first-tier supplier dedicated to the electronic product of the cockpit, with a global layout in 18 countries and a $3 billion global collection in 2018, compared to Desai-Tung's revenues in the same period.
A mere $790 million was collected by the executive branch, and figure 14: Weiselton client structure (2016) 2 smart cabins: trends, companies leading industry development
2.1 The trend towards an upward trend in consumption of the smart cabin has led to the development of the intelligent cabin. The larger definition of the smart cabin, which, according to the definition of the horizon, mainly covers innovations and interactions in the interior of the cabin and in the electronics of the cabin, is to embrace the emerging technological trends in the automobile industry.
The car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-ca-re-recreation system, built from the point of view of the consumer, can be traced to the first stage of the 1924 car-car-car-car-car-recreation system, and in the subsequent development of the car-car-car-car-ca-re-recreational industry, the car-car-car-in-recreation-recreation system is constantly being upgraded in the light of the rising consumption trend.
In 2006, the U.S. opened up gps for civilisation, based on a touch-based vehicle navigation system that was gradually being applied to the civil market. In 2018, the cabin electronic domain controllers of Weiboton and Amboft officially moved to the market, and the smart module began to enter a new era.
The future development of the smart cabin is driven by demand-side and supply-side drivers. At the demand-side, consumer awareness of electronics increases in line with the rising trend in automobile consumption. At the supply-side, the traditional cabin is made up of separate and fragmented subsystems that are difficult to connect to meet the rising consumer consumption trends, thus creating a pattern of airspace control.
More functions are now available and are being explored at the cost.
In 2006, Carborne Navigator, Amborford's electronic cabin, car-borne radio.
The central display screens the system's access to the cabin function evolves over time, and the smart module has the potential to develop in depth.
In the White Paper on Trends, the future development of the smart seat will be divided into four phases. The first phase is the integration of the electronic information system, which is reflected in the transformation of the subsystems into functional domains and the interconnectivity of the systems. The second phase is the enhancement of in-car sensing capabilities.
Consumers get in-drive-out full-cycle experience. Phase IV will create the final shape of the smart cabin, which will be enriched from the perspective of the user’s experience. The development of the smart module is currently in its first phase, and the development of the domain controllers is currently in the mainstream.
High-end product penetration still has room for improvement. The main electronic products of the module in the distribution control phase are LCD, CMS, Hud (up display), reverse image, etc. In terms of penetration, the control screen, reverse image is a 10,000-digit vehicle type. We believe that LCD, Hud, is currently in the ubiquitous phase, where LCD is currently owned.
To apply to the upper-middle-end model, Hud has a low penetration rate, which is now mainly in the higher end. We believe that, with the gradual spread of the smart cabin, the penetration of the products concerned is expected to increase.
A structure consisting of several dispersed subsystems or individual modules that do not allow for complex smart-class functions such as multiple screen connections, while, for manufacturers, the increasing complexity of the cabin functions will result in a significant increase in the cost of hardware and software, while the domain controllers will be able to access the distributional structure of the original hardware, make the design of the system hardware and communications architecture less difficult and effectively reduce fragmentation.
The main achievement is currently the intra-area concentration phase, i.e., the volume programme of the separate airspace, which is expected to be combined with the intelligent driving domain to achieve more experiential scenarios. Ultimately, the formation of a centralized computer on board will further integrate and simplify the interior structure of the vehicle.
Figure 20: The development stage of the smart-bar controller. The global manufacturer sets up the smart-bar controller.
New displays such as music systems, hud, etc. are integrated into a single chip multi-area controller. And a new generation of domain controllers has been installed on wide aionlx to produce mass, supporting 6-8 screens that can interact with humans in multiple displays, including full digital instrumentation, information entertainment, back-seat information entertainment, loop cameras, and inside-of-the-car perception.
In addition to Wei Seto, Bo, Mainland, Ambofo, Haman, Matsumoto, Fugia, Gole, Modern Mobis, and other international zero-components, there are a lot of smart-barrel controllers, and some of the manufacturers’ products are close to mass production.
The market pattern is likely to be remodeled, and the pre-emptive advantage is becoming more apparent. From mechanical instruments, vehicle radios, to intermediate screens, LCDs will lead to an increase in the value of the vehicle, with the current control screen having a higher penetration rate, while LCDs still have a higher penetration rate.
At the same time, the existing vehicle information system, the vehicle entertainment system, and the driver information system may be supplied by different suppliers and, with the wide spread of domain controllers, the one-core multiscreen scheme is expected to become the future vehicle standard, and the zero manufacturer is expected to become the solutionr of the overall smart cabin programme from a single product supplier, thus driving the overall matching value.
2.2 Desaiway: Industry leads, new products are phased in, clients are highly structured, and this year, companies are continuously getting high-quality orders. In the electronics sector, they have accumulated rich and high-quality customer resources over the years. A crowd is the company’s largest client, with more than 20% of the expected revenue, and the company accounts for more than 20% of the total.
In recent years, the company has benefited from a growing public profile in the area of suv, with continuous hot sales of cars, such as song-seekers and visits. At the same time, the company has been active in opening the market and has succeeded in gaining a new point of entry for Toyota’s platform, which is expected to be produced in 2020, and the cs75plus model, which has been sold continuously since 2019.
The industry is moving in the direction of big screens, which are expected to bring about an increase in the value of the bicycles. Car-borne information and entertainment systems consist mainly of screens and hosts, with little change in host prices.
The main competitors in the country are Huoyang, Huan See Weiwei, and others. In 2019, Desai Weiwei launched a third-generation smart cabin at the Ces exhibition.
The company believes that the future smart cockpit is based on the combination of hardware integration, software development architecture, and electronics inside the cabin. In 2018, the company obtained new orders for smart cockpits for cars and homes, Chang-Ang and curry cars.
The purchase order is already in production. The long-ann car, cs75plus, carries the company’s two-inch 12.3-inch screen product, which provides the model with greater competitiveness in the interior and continues to be sold since the cs75plus market. In 2019, the company’s four-screen interactive product, based on 820a of high-tone dragons, was produced in the ideal one-size model.
Four screens are a LCD dashboard, a control screen, a co-pilot entertainment screen, and a functional control screen. The LCD+ screen is a combination of the Texas instrument j6+linux, the control screen and the co-pilot, and a combination of 820a+androidautotive.
Android entertainment systems have more resources in terms of ecology and developers, and the linux system ensures a more stable functioning of functions associated with driving, vehicle control, and avoids a system collapse that affects driving.
Positioning system integrators can provide solutions to customers. The company’s downstream client is the mainframe and is positioned as the system integrator. Direct material costs exceed 90% of the company’s main cost composition.
The materialmicroelectronics mainly provide the Texas instrument brand and the texas brand semiconductor components, mainly system-grade chips and power chips. Proteccentury provides the Toshiba and Ansenmi semiconductor components, the Middle East cheese is a mcu and image sensor chip, and Ansammy provides electric machine-driven chips and a second-tier tube.
3 Auto-drives: Industry breakout year, company reserves are rich, and policy and commercialization accelerated the launch of a new phase of auto-drive innovation development. 24 February, NCDR, Central Network Letter
By 2025, technological innovation, industrial ecology, infrastructure, regulatory standards, product supervision and cybersecurity systems in standard smart cars in China will have been largely formed.
There have been positive developments in the construction of smart transport systems and smart city-related facilities, regional coverage with wireless communication networks (lte-v2x, etc.), new-generation wireless communication networks (5g-v2x) in selected cities, highways, and full coverage with high-precision space and space-related services.
Looking ahead to 2035-2050, China’s standard smart car system is fully built and improved. The vision of a safe, efficient, green, and civilized smart car power is gradually being realized, and smart cars fully meet people’s growing needs for a better life.
Automobile technological innovation systems, the construction of an eco-system for the intelligent car industry that integrates across borders, the construction of advanced smart car infrastructure systems, the construction of a system-wide system of standards for smart car regulations, the construction of a science-based smart car product regulatory system, and the construction of a comprehensive and efficient smart car network security system.
Table 6: The Smart Automobile Innovation Development Strategy 2020, which is the annual year of conversion of 12-l3. Autopilots are divided into five stages by sae classification. These are measured by the degree of participation of people in driving, so that stage 1-4-l5 can actually enter the autopilot phase. The current system at level 1-2 is already moving.
The process was widely spread, starting in 2020 with the volume phase of the autopilot system at the level of 193, but the stage of transition from an auxiliary to an automated driver was divided between the mainframes and the development of the stage. The stage of driving was gradually dominated by the system, which was alerted when the system became unmanageable, and the user took over.
And the definition of l3 creates two difficulties: on the one hand, technically, when a vehicle needs to be driven and when it needs to be taken over; on the other, policyally, it is also the most critical to limit the spread of the l3.