The hub is now under way, and Yunko's leader is expected to meet Davies on 13th of 2024, a global corporate communications builder. It is offered as a globally renowned corporate communications and collaborative solution.
\triangleright, its main corporate communications end product. The company was established in 2001, its product sip phone has been the first global market player since 2017, and the company has gradually moved from audio communication to audio communication after 2015.
Video communications, building vcs high-quality videoconferencing systems, and starting to construct a unified communications ecological chain based on vcs, software terminals, and cloud services platforms. The current revenue structure currently has the largest number of telephones, with videoconferencing and cloud office terminals rising; and the Euro-American region accounting for nearly 80%.
Product and channel resonance, creating barriers to high profits. Industry commons: audio-visual technology casting the city's mounds, with high Māori rates maintained by high product overlaps; corporate advantage: domestic and foreign co-processing stabilization + improved overseas channels, with products giving greater room for profit, benefiting from human and supply-chain advantages, with prices lower than those of industry rivals.
In the short term, product lines have improved and 24q1 net profits have increased by more than 30%.
The company’s performance has been growing at a high rate, with 23 years of pressure from overseas macroeconomics and distributors to go to stock. The overall stock of dealers has now returned to healthy levels, while downstream demand has recovered and three product lines have been better responded to.
The research assistant, Fan Woo, continued to improve the competitiveness of the two or three curves; after 23 years of optimization of the earl product, the sales ring increased and is expected to be active in 24 years. Twenty-three years on a quarterly basis, with 23q1-q4 having the same net profit as the mother-to-be.
Over the medium to long term, videoconferencing and cloud office relays have grown; Microsoft cloud office products have been upgraded, and companies have tied 100 million network (300628.sz) performance forecast for 2023
The high demand for mixed office benefits, and the share of videoconferencing + cloud office terminal operations are gradually being evaluated: products continue to be upgraded, waiting for warming overseas. Conference products are subject to short-term pressure from the enterprise’s user procurement cycle, and they remain firm’s present-time growth certainty.
The most contributing business line, accompanied by the recovery of industry demand, is expected to pick up again in the future; Microsoft rolls out aipc, 200 million United Networks (300628.sz) tri-quarter report in 2023.
The integration of the ai assistant copilot functions into the whole product line is expected to further increase the city’s share of teams, and the company’s period of 2023/10/26 is expected to benefit as a rare eco-collaborate of the teams.
300 million Union Networks (30628.sz) semi-annual 2023 Reuses with high level of Sip voice technology and channels, resulting in significant advantages for new product business headphone operations, performance forecast rating: less performance compared to lower performance and more shareholders in holdings
Risks are gradually cleared and it is hoped that the sip phone will be restored overseas. In the long term, new products such as forward-vision hearing aids open the fourth growth curve: it is hoped that with the accumulation of deep audio technology + existing medical sector client channels + first quarter of 23 years: 22 years of steady growth, 23 q1 short.
The pressure is expected to release gradually - 2023/04/24 - investment proposals: companies have had a better penetration rate since 22 years because of international relations, overseas macroeconomics, and phone penetration.
500 million network (300628.sz) performance forecast for 2022
\triangleright period risk; mixed office progress is less than expected. 100 million network: corporate communications tap back on board
1.1 Global corporate communications poles and cloud office roadbuilders. Corporate communications poles. As a globally renowned provider of corporate communication and collaborative solutions, its main business communications terminal product, in its field of corporate unity, addresses the core issue of corporate communications: access
The end-to-end information gap, communication terminals connected to pc for communication and data transmission, improved online synergy Development history: expanding product lines closely to clients' needs, refining solutions, reintroducing technology/channels/brand power, becoming multidisciplinary top1.
In 2005, it became a world-top1 subscriber to a web phone, and in the same year it developed a pop phone, which, according to data from frost&sullivan, has kept the company ' s product popphone at the top of the global market since 2017, with the city at 38.2% in 2021; and the company is gradually moving from the post-2015 level.
Audio communications turned to video communications, constructing a Vcs high-resolution videoconferencing system and starting to construct a unified communications ecological chain based on vcs, software terminals and cloud service platforms.
Business structure: The number of telephones remains the largest in terms of product income, with videoconferencing and cloud office terminals increasing; the share of the Euro-American region is more than 80%. Companies continue to enrich the product matrix (ipphones, videophones, business headphones), from desktop communications terminals for desktop office scenes to conference products for conference room office scenes.
To the cloud office terminal for personal office scenes, the largest of the three product lines remains the sip-based desktop communications terminal (down to 65 per cent in 22 years), the conference communications terminal (27 per cent in 22 years), which refers mainly to a one-stop solution for integration from cloud platforms, soft end to smart hardware terminal depth, and the cloud three.
In terms of regional income structure, Europe and the United States account for the largest share of total income, with 23h1 Europe and the United States accounting for nearly 82.9%. The demand is mainly due to the fact that the demand for a unified global communications market comes mainly from the European and American region.
The country’s inland cloud communication market has been relatively slow to develop, owing to insufficient awareness of the fees paid by domestic SMEs, usage habits due to cultural differences, and the low number of enterprises in the upper cloud.
The growth rate of performance has been high, with 23 years of macro-environmental pressure. Beyond the negative impact of downstream demand in 2020, net profit gains from collection and repatriation have increased at a rate of less than 20%, and from 2014 to 2022, the major environmental impacts abroad have put some pressure on industry demand, but they are still on the path of repair on a quarterly basis.23
1.2 The valuation has reached historical status, with multiple expected differentials gradually emerging. Twenty years ago, the excess returns on corporate stock prices were largely derived from the continued stability of performance growth, and the valuation wave was due mainly to the smooth relay of vcs as a second curve and the lifting of negative expectations of trade friction between the United States and China.
On May 5, 2019, the United States unilaterally announced an increase in tariff rates from 10 to 25 per cent for $200 billion of list goods imported from China, and further threatened to impose a 25 per cent tariff on approximately $300 billion of Chinese goods. Markets were generally expected to avoid US customs.
Taxes, companies moving plants to the United States, production costs or substantial increases. But ultimately, corporate products are not listed in the tax list, and the expectation of conversions dissipates.
In 22-23, following a re-evaluation of the cloud video industry at the beginning of the 23rd century, the company tied its head to a small soft stock price; however, owing to the overall macroeconomic impact, overseas demand fell short of expectations, and 23 years of overall performance was under pressure, and the hub of the valuation continued to move down to its lowest historical position.
In 24 years, performance repression is expected to be phased out: economic recovery in Europe and America has driven business demand; corporate inventories will be exhausted, and a new logic of office in the country will be expected to stimulate a new round of high growth in conference products.
2.1 Industry commons: Audio-Visual technology found in moats, high barriers to R & D in the industry of high-yielding companies and high M & A rates through high-yielding products. Corporate R & D personnel account for about 50% of the total, cost 9.3% in the first three quarters of 23 years, and companies are domestic inputs in this area.
One of the largest enterprises. Uniform communications equipment manufacturers need to maintain fast product rotations, constantly repair the defects of the previous generation, and continue to improve.
Optimization, with industry headlines enjoying a high rate of industry Maori on a sustainable basis. For example, companies have introduced the usb-t2-t3-t4-dect-t5 series at the end of the product, continuously upgrading the product over time, progressively enriching its function, with no price on the product being reversed.
t2/t4/t5 series/dectphones have an average unit cost of $231 per station, $554 per station, $817 per station, and $432 per table. The product high-end optimization structure will drive the Māori rate up.
At the same time, the company avoided the company's dependence on the upstream master chip manufacturer without the main chip manufacturer's collage.
The core competitiveness of the company ' s technology is now achieved by obtaining the first audio certificate from the Tel lab. 2.2 Corporate advantages: domestic and foreign processing stabilization + improved overseas channels, better access, greater room for durability.
The company’s main business model is to pack the production side, entrust it to a processing plant, and adopt a model of efficient salesmen who work closely together on the front-line, distributors and global markets, targeting a large number of SME clients and moving towards large, high-end SMEs.
The company uses the feed processing model, self-designs the product and procures the raw materials itself, entrusts the third-party co-organizer with the processing of the product in accordance with the technical standards and quality requirements of the company, and eventually carries out the test of the finished product.
This advantage and the bargaining power of one’s own raw materials put down the cost of doing business, raised the company’s Māori ratio, and allowed the company to have a poor product rate of less than 0.3% as a result of the company’s autonomous control of the production process. In addition, the core foreign-trader and the company have been working together for almost five years, with a very high level of trust and a very low level of trust.
The unified communications market is more enterprise-level and more decentralized downstream. Access costs are high, and channels are a necessity for the unified communications market, contributing to the continued eco-exploitation of the channel.
Paths that connect the various intermediates through which producers move to users, including producer-owned distribution agencies, distributors, agents, distributors, intermediaries, etc. Companies have developed well-developed distribution management systems around the world over a period of about six to eight years.
Businesses grew together, cooperative relationships were strong, and in 2021 there were more than 80-90 first-tier distributors abroad, who joined second-tier distributors, second-tier distributors, and eventually sold their products to end-users by system integrators, who mainly helped their clients with service-end systems, i.e. system end-to-end and terminal packages.
Each quarter the company distributes in advance for the global distributors and manages the subsequent demand for the goods in detail. The company’s top 10 distributors abroad cooperate for an average of more than eight years; it does not miss large distributors such as scansource, nycommmited, verizon, etc.
In response to growing geopolitical problems, the company has established a new branch in Singapore, hoping to benefit from the geographical location of the South-East Asian region, including Singapore, the trading environment, the investment climate, human resources and the ict (information and communications technology) infrastructure to further the development of global operations.
Companies have effectively reduced their costs through good integrated governance, stable processing models, and a well-developed global distribution channel system. Prices are sold from existing overseas channels, business headphones, meeting panels, one-stop machines, etc.
The end price of videoconferencing is much higher than that of the traditional tipphone, which has a price range of $200-500 and a price range of $3,000-5,000 depending on the price of a frequency conference product, and is expected to increase further in view of the upgrading of the new product performance (expected to be higher in the second half of the year), with a doubling of the amount expected to open up the company ' s growth space.
3 Conference products: The second curve, where the binding of teams benefits from the development of the i-platform platform, is where ecological integration is key to competitiveness. A manufacturer alone is difficult to develop all modules, so the platformers integrate the various functional modules through endogenous, outreach, and strategic collaboration.
There is a combination of competition and cooperation within the industry, and each manufacturer develops its own strengths and moves into a unified market of communication and collaboration around its own strengths. For example, Zoom’s core ability is video, which is integrated by different platform manufacturers.
Teams is a video-conferencing application embedded in the office 365 commercial office software for Microsoft, and in recent years the number of active users has continued to be innovative, based on such advantages as ability and office co-location.
In February 2023, Microsoft launched an advanced version of the microsofteamspremium with technical support from Chatgpt, which officially hit the site of the chatgpt product.
One shot; in March 24, Microsoft first pushed the surfacepro 10 and the surfacelaptop 6 commercial editions, officially entering the field aipc. On hardware, both aipcs were mounted with the Intel Kewultra processor, the npu and copilot keys designed for the generator ai. And all the powers of the ai are integrated.
The popularization of pc and the diversity of the ai assistant copilot function are expected to enhance integrated competitiveness, raise the share of the conference city and raise the arpu.
The company became the only company in the world to have been certified by Teams, Zoom, and telecommunication conferences for many years.
Soft, tungsten, zoom launch of upgraded machines, conference products, certified by a number of giants. Billionaires and Treasures are the only two companies that import Microsoft Teams on a full-line basis.
In the month, the company was enriched with a new product matrix for the American infocomm2023 exhibition. The network was present with a number of new items of interest, such as mvc-3 and the "meatingboard 65" showcasing the latest solutions offered by the company to Microsoft and Zoom. On July 19, 23, the company joined forces.
Soft rolls out the global first-ai viewing product, smartvision60, which was developed by the company in collaboration with Microsoft for an initial period of two years. It identifies speakers as intellectual syntheses, provides independent video footage and visual recognition of each participant, and will be integrated into the future into microsoft365copilot capabilities.
Nicoledezen and Marklinton, Global Vice-President of the Microsoft dps Team, are pushing the product at the Inspire Congress. As the ai is empowered, the teams are more intelligent, the company's end-products continue to collaborate, helping the Microsoft end-of-services to land, and using the teams to access high-end products, it is expected that it will be further upgraded to Microsoft.
The country's overall cloud + end company is relatively small, and its main competitors in this area are small fish, medium-sized video and full-time, small- and medium-sized video-based producers, with teams from high-speed communications, South Sudan Koda, Hua-related operations and the 100-million-dollar network vcs, with some differences and linkages:
The newsletter, which serves as a domestic agent for Zoom, is currently directed towards the integration of the aigc with the cloud conference; the focus on the law of public prosecution in the State of Sioux, which is dominated by the traditional mcu network; and China, which has more government operations and the largest domestic end-of-sessions and operates the mcu network and the cloud conference business.
Companies are closely linked to mainstream domestic platforms. Compared to the competitors above, companies are ranked among the three android one-man solutions that they started early and launched, and the product is in line with the depth of the platform.
Official hardware certification, production of the txtungsten special fund programme, built-in raw software for telecommunication conferences. 4 cloud office products: third curve, reuse technology/channels/production development Professional headphones
4.1 Business earphones: By the wind of a personal office, the reuse of conference product resources is expected to be at the core of the product, with commercial earl certification and reliability. Compared to consumer earwheat, the dual attributes of business headphones and individual users, more attention is paid to the assurance of the quality of two-way communication and the alignment with the unified communications platform.
Business eels can be certified through different platforms, and research and development focuses more on inputs that safeguard sound collection, volume, microphone intelligence, reliability for long-term use, and platform certification. The market is still developing, mainly for personal office settings.
The importance of voice quality is growing in the products of such applications. The role of business earphones in the area of unified communications is crucial, not only to improve voice quality, but also to ensure a solid pattern change between multiple unified communications applications and equipment, with domestic brands opening up opportunities. The business headphone market is now largely oligopolized.
In 2020, Politón and Jabra occupied more than 80% of the market. Special forces completed their acquisition of Bollyton in the third quarter of 2018, and changed their name to Polybot in 2019.
The advantages of the previously envisaged integration of channels and consolidation of unified communication platforms did not materialize after the acquisition, and the poor running of Polybo caused a fracture in the long-term oligarchic pattern. The company developed a business headphone genetic match.
In 2021, the company ' s uh3x cable headphones and the wh6x wireless headphones at the main integrated voice work station were widely favoured by users, and sales increased rapidly, contributing to the rapid growth of cloud office terminal operations: in 2022, the company further rolled out the bh7x commercial bluetooth headphones with a high-end voice.
In 2023, corporate bluetooth earphones were re-placed, new bluetooth mallet items are now on the market, certification cycles are relatively long, and customer feedback is now positive. If markets are competitive and recognized, bluetooth may be revalued in 24 years.
Figure 13: Billion Federation of Business Ears Matrix 4.2 hearing aids: Medical clients have sufficient resources and a positive layout is expected to be the fourth.
The penetration rate of hearing aid products in most European countries exceeded 20 per cent a year, with Britain, France, etc. exceeding 40 per cent. The penetration rate of hearing aid products in Japan also reached 14.4 per cent, while the penetration rate of Chinese hearing aid products did not exceed 5 per cent. In 2023, the market for hearing aids reached 7,132 million yuan, an increase of 9.82 per cent.
But now more than 90% of the market share of Chinese hearing aids is captured as the fourth growth curve by Rishda, Fung Lei, Sega, Odyscon, and the active deployment of hearing aids by listening companies. Companies, as industry leaders in the audio and video field, have developed sound science for many years, and have good technological reserves.
In addition, the company works closely with medical institutions and with a number of health-care institutions to build telemedicine systems, and in the future it is expected to test improved profit-for-prospecting assumptions and business splitting with health-care institutions.
The company's main operations are divided into desktop communications terminals, conference products and cloud office terminals, and are further broken down under major operations, and our core assumptions are as follows: 1) desktop communications terminal operations: the main products include cip phones, dectphones and
Teams telephones, etc.. The year 2023 was much lower than before, mainly because of the shift in demand from the industry to the stock cycle, which was influenced by the trend of mixed office. At present, stock levels tend to be manageable, and the distributors are expected to recover from the gradual restoration of confidence and the gradual start of the inventory replenishment phase.
2) Conference products: mainly consisting of a one-stop solution for the integration of cloud platforms, soft-end to the depth of smart hardware terminals.
The program, along with rapid market demand responsiveness and high-level R & D innovation capabilities, is expected to continue to maintain a relatively high level of growth dynamics in the future. Companies have been working steadily with Microsoft Teams over the years, and Zoom has also launched cooperative products to import the whole company's products to Microsoft Teams.
The company has now launched a number of competitive products suitable for teams. On November 16, 23, the company carries a number of new products of interest, such as mvcs90, mvcs60,
We expect a rapid growth in the collection of products for future meetings. In summary, we expect a year-on-year decline in the growth rate of corporate meeting products, cameras, etc., and the first half of the year was dominated by the rhythm and validation cycle of new products.
But in the second half of the year, by comparison with the ring, it has now returned to a certain level of growth, with the company Bluetooth and Wheat's new products officially placed on the market in August 2023, and the overall feedback is now positive, with the Bluetooth Business Headphonesbh76 receiving the most modern design award. The cloud terminal product line is expected to return to high growth in 2024.
The market for hearing is vast, and the company's fourth-growth curve assistor business is currently in a positive configuration. In sum, I think that the company's overall costs have remained relatively stable, depending on the company's historical cost level. Given the pressure industry had to face in 2023 and the stock cycle, we think that the cost of sales and management in 2023 will be high.
We use the pe-comparable company valuation method, combined with the company ' s main business, and because of the relatively small number of listed companies whose domestic business is entirely comparable, we choose the source shares (the main business includes videoconferencing screens), two hundred and sixty-three (the cloud conference business) as comparable companies, with a comparable average of 28 x/24x for 24-25 years.
Since 22 years, companies have continued to move downwards due to factors such as international relations, overseas macroeconomics, and high penetration of voice services. Corporate valuations are now historically low. We have seen 23 years of corporate performance on a quarterly basis. 1. Global macroeconomic downside risks: global macroeconomic recovery is not as high as expected and downstream demand is low.
2) Risk of continuous fluctuations in exchange rates: Corporate income is mainly from overseas and there is a risk of continuous fluctuations in exchange rates; 3) new products are not expanding as expected: companies are introducing a range of new products for ear wheat and conference systems and there is a risk that new products will not expand as expected.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.