Beneficiary digital economic development, communications equipment at the forefront of the second curve, communications equipment at the top of the chain, and sustained innovation in business performance. Companies are the world’s scarce 5g end-to-end equipment solutions provider, with products covering wireless, wired, cloud computing, end-products and professional communication services.
Business covers more than 160 countries and territories. In 2021, companies collected $114.5 billion (a year-on-year + 13%), operating robustly, accelerating a new second curve, and maintaining a positive business momentum.
Digital economy-related policies are frequent and are expected to be an important engine for our economic development, arithmetic network building and the digital transformation of government. Sub-areas: operators’ capital spending is on the cloud side, companies’ new layout servers, etc., have increased their share of benefits; and our distributional storage is high.
With a rapid growth in total size (by $17.8 billion in 21 years, compared to 44 per cent in comparison), corporate goldendb products have been ranked first in the financial sector; industry applications have been focused in the middle and late stages of construction of 5g, and projects such as corporate smart ports, smart manufacturing, etc. have become industry poles; in the post-epidemiology era, global market demand for fwa
The second curve anchors servers and products such as storage, terminals, 5g applications, auto electronics, digital energy, etc., which are constantly releasing new products to match market requirements through technological innovation.
In addition, the company has a well-developed communications storage solution, the automobile operating system is working with a single-air, long-ann, and the company's chief strategy officer has proposed a 40% + compound growth in the second curve over the next 2-3 years.
The root market creates higher customer barriers, political and corporate informative solutions lead and actively pursue supply-chain approaches, market barriers are gradually rising, and the global market share of corporate network equipment continues to rise, with 2022h1 to 12% (dell'oro).
In addition, companies are the only ones in the country that import 5 nm chips.
Communications (000063.sz) - Double-digit income profits increase, domestic markets continue to develop chips for more than 27 years, providing one-stop design services from chip design to mass production.
Quarterly Performance Review, Mid-Engineer News-00063-2021: The main business has made progress, with the counterpart company a sharepe of 18/15/13x and the counterpart company a share pa of 12/10/8x. Risks; downstream demand assumptions, such as arithmetic networks, assuming less than anticipated risks and other risks, such as trade friction.
The company is the world's scarce 5g end-to-end equipment solution provider, flexible to meet the global diversity of operators and government clients through a full range of wireless, cable, cloud computing, end-products and professional communications services.
There is a business overlap between the business panels and the business panels, such as cloud computing, the int products, and the energy.
Operator network: focuses on the evolving needs of the operator network, providing innovative technology and product solutions such as wireless access, cable access, network carriers, core networks, telecommunications software systems and services. Government business: focuses on the needs of its clients, based on “communication networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing.”
Consumer business: focuses on the intellectual experience of consumers, taking into account industry needs, developing, producing and marketing products such as mobile phones, mobile data terminals, home information terminals, integration innovation terminals, etc.
Software applications and value-added services. In 2021, based on the composition of the company ' s business income, it collected 75.771 billion yuan, or 66 per cent of the total, and the company actively distributed 5g wireless series of innovative products, with the core router winning the Chinese telecommunications cn2 backbone.
Nets, mobile high-end routers in China collected 25.730 billion yuan, or 23 per cent, from consumer businesses, completely new screens, new technology for video-guided mobile phones and a jump in the size of household information terminals, 13.8 billion yuan, or 11 per cent, from government and business enterprises, focusing on energy, transport, government, finance, the Internet, large enterprises, equipment and data.
The firm is deeply involved in building the size of the country ' s 5g, taking advantage of the new infrastructure development opportunities, enabling the digital transformation of industries, leading to a two-fold increase in market patterns and shares; overseas markets are generating $36.45 billion, or 32 per cent, and companies continue to optimize product market patterns through market opportunities such as 4g modernization, 5g new, networked fibre optic transformations, etc.
At the same time, the impact of the epidemic abroad is reduced through ict technology, localization of employees and efficient synergies in the industrial chain.
Founded in 1985, the company is listed in Hong Kong and Shenzhen, covering more than 160 countries and territories, serving more than a quarter of the world’s population.
The first phase of the 2g era (1990-1998): the sole subject of the client is the operator; in 1990 the company developed a digital sequence control switch from the main, zx500; in 1998 it established the Mobile Products Department to enter the mobile phone market; and in the second phase of the 3g era (1999-2011): the client was extended from the operator ' s customer to the consumer customer;
Cdma technology terminal contracts. 3rd phase 4g (2012-2017): three basic business modules for operators, consumers and corporations; first chip 4glte smartphone launch in 2012; and revenue breakthroughs of hundreds of millions in 2015.
The fourth phase of the 5g era (2017-present): the development of three business modules for operators, consumers and government and business; and becoming a full-scale provider of solutions.
Figure 4: Business income from Communications 1994-2021 (billion yuan, per cent) by branch: the share of companies ' traditional operators ' network operations is rising year by year and operating robustly. Year by year, except 2012, it has recovered from 2020; the revenue from government enterprises is more stable and benefits from the number of businesses.
The trend toward word-transformation is accelerating, and growth is expected to continue at a high rate in the coming years. The share of income is declining, but given the upgrading, adaptation, and growing demand for communications from the epidemic, the Department is expected to improve its performance in overseas markets by continuously optimizing its niche products.
Since 2022, the second curve defined by the company has selected anchor servers and storage, terminals, 5g industry applications, auto electronics, digital energy, etc. as a breakthrough. Short-term breakthroughs on servers and storage, digital energy, long-term distribution, etc.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s second curve income increased by almost 40 per cent over the same period. Figure 7: Middle-clash first curve, power second curve zte.
The first curve, the second curve of power, the growth curve of business income since the advent of communications, the limit point.
First curve ict blends
In April 2017, he openly transferred his holdings of 2.5% of the new stockholdings, and the shareholdings were cut off.
Xianjin Weiwei Electronics, Space Hiro-Woo, China-Singing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing, and Ning-Wing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing-Bing, held 34%, 14.5%, 49%, and 2.5% shares, respectively. Nine of the current Xi-Xian-Wee-Bue recommended, two of them recommended, and four of the Xin-Hing-Bing-Bing Board recommended, respectively, 33.33%, 22.22% and 44.45% of the Xin-Hing Board.
18 years after United States sanctions, the company restructured its board of directors at the request of the United States, and the second and higher cadres were replaced, and
In addition, the United States Special Compliance Coordinator, Roscoe Howard, helped to strengthen corporate law enforcement, compliance management, internal system improvement, and image enhancement.
After 2018, the company strengthened its compliance and governance, and the inspector left in March 2022. The company's collection curve for the last two years has recovered significantly, with the company earning $11,452.2 billion in 2021, an increase of 12.88 per cent over the previous year; the net profit return is, according to the company announcement, the United States Department of Justice's probation period for the company ended, with the inspector's term of office ending in 2022.
As at 22 March of that year, companies had continued to strengthen their compliance and improved their management, and their collection performance was expected to be abrupt. The total number of controlling or participating companies in the communications industry was close to 100. According to the 2021 report, the net profits of four subsidiaries in the communications industry as a percentage of the net profits in the group consolidated statements.