Company Review - Non-Bank Financial Industries Chinese Life (601628.sh) nbv Growth Speeding Over Expectation, Tax Reduction + Harvesting Drives Performance Growth
Wuping 1) affected by tax cuts + growth in investment returns, net corporate profits grew by 128.9% on a year-on-year basis
The net profit of the mother is 37.599 billion yuan, an increase of 128.9 per cent over the same period. The basic pers is 1.32 yuan. This is the same increase. The impact of the policy of raising the quota before taxes on the renewal of fees and commissions is reduced, the return on investment is significantly improved, and the net profit of the company is growing at a high rate.
2) The value of the new business has increased significantly by 22.7 per cent, the business structure has been optimized, the workforce has increased in quantity and quality, and the company ' s value of the new business has grown faster than expected, by billions of yuan, or 2.01 per cent more than in the previous year. The business structure has continued to optimize and the value of the new business has improved significantly.
On the agent side, the company adheres to the strategy of expanding the quality of the workforce and further strengthens it.
Of the approximately 1.9 million people in the total channel, 7.2 per cent more than in 2018, the size of the risk-lined workforce amounted to 1.73 million people, 9.3 per cent more than in 2018, an average monthly increase of 38.2 per cent in the number of people who sell effectively, and a monthly increase of 52.1 per cent in the size of the labour force who sell specific guaranteed products.
3) The return on investment has risen significantly, with a significant increase in the return on investment. In 2019h1, the total return on investment of the company was 5.77%, and in operations such as the same ratio and high dividends, the net return on investment has been stabilized in a low interest rate environment.
As a leader in life insurance, the company’s share of the market is at the top of the domestic life-risk industry. Focusing on value growth, it continues to push business structure optimization.
The support for the transition is to build a “scientific and technological life” that will facilitate the upgrading of the corporate governance system, enhance service capacity and optimize client experience. We keep looking at the future prospects of the company, giving “the risk of pushing down the long-end interest rate curve and selling insurance products below expectations”.