Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation studies awhollyowned subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank Chinese life (601628ch)
During our research last week, Chinese life demonstrated the details of the two priorities of the company's “renewal of life” reform and recent results, including restructuring the sales team and improving the return on investment.
To meet expectations, the outlook for new business values is positive. We are optimistic about the recovery of corporate business, with a first-time coverage of the new business value and premium prospects.) With respect to new policy premiums, although the total premium increases were in March and March.
In terms of the value rate, there are new business values due to a more sustained increase in the share of long-term insurance and safeguard products.
The company recorded a 28.3 per cent increase in the value of its new business in the first quarter of this year, and we projected a restructuring of the new industry – a consolidation of the silver market in the second half of 2019. The company was the only major partner in the business, a life insurance company that recorded an increase in the size of its sales manpower in the first quarter of 2019.
At the end of the quarter, the size of the insurance channel stood at 1537,000 people, with a total workforce of 1.89 million (1.44 million and 1.78 million people in 2018). The company plans to integrate its silver market in the second half of 2019, as about 90% of the insurance workforce is now similar to the product sold by an insurance agent.
In addition, companies will continue to promote differentiated marketing to meet customer demand, strengthen market position in the second-line cities, and consolidate leadership in low-line cities and improve employee incentives programmes.
Measures include: 1) introduction of a market-based recruitment and evaluation system; 2) strict supervision of third-party trust accounts and suspension of problem accounts; 3) increasing the proportion of long-term equity investments. The blueprint is clear, firm, and we recommend that investors continue buying and expect a rebound in corporate performance this year.