The revitalization of the life of the nation has shown remarkable results, with a sustained increase in performance throughout the year
Achieving revenue from insurance operations of $37,796 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the previous year; operating income of $4,572.33 million, improved tax relief + investment returns and higher profit growth \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the second-tier equity market rebounded, companies actively seized the market and investment returns improved, with companies achieving a total investment return of 80.42 billion yuan in the first half of the year, a significant increase of 35.4 per cent over the same period; while benefiting from tax deductions and good performance, the company ' s non-recurrent profit and loss items together amounted to $5.13 billion, raising the net profit level significantly.
After deducting non-recurrent gains and losses, the net profits of shareholders of a company of scale grew by 96.4 per cent over the same period; the unit was added to the lower base of interest over the same period last year, which was more favourable than the trend of 300 depths, with higher profits on life in the first half of the year, which is expected to continue at a higher rate throughout the year.
Significant development of health insurance products with higher share of guaranteed products 68.0 per cent increase in premiums for the \triangleright period and the first year above, rapid growth in guaranteed operations and specific guaranteed product protection
The share of fees in first-year contributions increased by 5.0 percentage points on the same date. New policy premiums for life insurance are increasing, and nbvmargin upscaling drives high nbv growth \triangleright
New policy premiums for life insurance for the first half of the year totalled $127,845 million, an increase of 2 per cent over the same year, with an increase of 68 per cent over the same period for products submitted for 10 years and more, while positive increases in the benefits of new insurance policies combined with an increase in the value of new operations led companies to achieve Nbv34,569 million in the first half of the year, the same rate.
A significant increase of 22.7 per cent in equity assets at the investment end and a significant increase in total return on investment \triangleright
The company’s strategic goal of “rejuvenation of life” has been remarkable, with a strong and positive growth in the value of new insurance premiums, agents, and new businesses. At the same time, the company’s active deployment of “tech life” has enriched its service ecology.
1. China ' s Life Quarterly Review: The fast growth of the safeguard business has led to a high growth of nbv 2.
Chen Xuan, a doctor of law in business at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and a doctor of finance. Two years of experience in research on securities policy. Joined in 2017.
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, sought to be objective, impartial through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and that the conclusions were not influenced by any third party.