Life in China (601628): Products, manpower and structures continue to be optimized, and the company “Greeding New” is a leading company in the domestic life-risk industry.
Fortune 500 and the world brand 500 are the core members of the company with its long history, strong strength, professional leadership and world-renowned brands.
It has won the trust of the widest clientele of society and has always occupied the position of leader of the insurance market in the country. It has been recognized as the “central pillar” of China's insurance industry. The company is China's largest human life.
Increase of 6.03 percentage points. The new business is valued at $34.569 billion, an increase of 22.7 per cent over the same period; the new insurance company, the largest in China, is comprised of insurance salesmen, group insurance salesmen and professional and mixed agents.
The company provides products and clothing such as personal life insurance, group life insurance, accident insurance and health insurance.
As a supplier of life insurance and annual gold products, accident and health insurance for the leading individuals and groups in China, there was a significant increase of 128.9 per cent in net profits from corporate parenthood during the reporting period, mainly due to three factors: 1.
Looking at the underlying causes, we can see three major changes in the company during the reporting period: 1. The size of the liability, the impact of the second-quarter value transition, was over-expected.
Even in the case of an annuity products, companies have focused on selling B.C., a 10-year contributory product, guaranteeing a relatively stable debt length and value rate, and laying a solid foundation for the second quarter of the transition. Since March, the focus of the company’s sales has shifted to long-term guaranteed products.
At the same time, there is a reverse expansion of the proxies based on the quality of the proxies, reporting an increase of 130,000 at the end of the 18-year period.
The size, while increasing the average length of the product, of which ten and more years of premium payments, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the East Hing Securities Corporation,
Life in China (601628): The product and human structure continue to be optimized, with the “rejuvenation” beginning to yield results by 68% more than in the same year, with an average end-of-debt length of 12 years. Nbv and nbvmargin have increased significantly over the same period of 18 years, particularly with respect to the silver insurance channel nbv margin increasing by 7.9 pct compared to the same period.
In the area of risk management, companies are also increasing their investment, implementing stricter risk management measures, and increasing investment capital that is more likely to expose near-term risks (e.g. credit debts).
During the reporting period, the company launched a comprehensive three-year campaign to build a “scientific and technological life” using financial technology to empower the insurance chain. The scientific and technological elements will play a greater role in the management of the agency’s workforce, the control of the agent’s portal and the efficiency of the process.
China’s life is a huge risk to life in the country, but in recent years there has been a tendency to widen the gap between combined strength and safety due to institutional problems, product structure, investment, and so on. Since the second half of 18th year, the company has implemented a number of reform initiatives to revitalize its operations, with the core targets of annual net return earnings of 47.26 billion yuan, 51,744 million yuan and 59,818 million yuan, respectively, for ps 1.67 yuan, 1.83 yuan and 212 yuan, respectively.
Downward risks to the domestic economy: risks of increased trade disputes between Central America and the United States: risks of falling capital markets: risks of financial regulation being harsher than expected: risks of mobility less than expected: risks of less than expected performance.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports life in China (601628): product and human structure are constantly being optimized, and the “rejuvenation” is beginning to bear fruit.
B.A., Wuhan University, Master of Science, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research experience, and two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Non-Golden Financial Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2016. Member of the 9th Crystalball and Non-Golden Finance Industry Group, first in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Non-Goldier Finance Industry in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.