The company's annual report for 2016, released on the evening of 28 March, shows that it was able to do so last year.
Operating income of $11,695 million, a decrease of 54.76 per cent in the same year; net profit of $5,403 million, followed by competition with the first class of lower-than-expected-performance coupons; and corporate operating income of the same year in 2016, in the context of the continuing concussion adjustment of the market as a whole
There is a marked backwardness in the comparison between the Thai government and the widely issued securities.2 With regard to brokering, there is a potential for investing in self-employment, which has reached 1.78 million new accounts throughout the reporting period, and a stock base throughout the year.
The gold trade was 10.13 trillion yuan, and the market share, though slightly reduced, remained in the eighth place in the industry; the Hong Kong stock exchange market was 9.14 per cent, an increase of 24.18 per cent, and the industry was in the third place. The wealth management plan achieved significant results, with the number of cumulative clients in the wealth management plan at the end of last year.
In addition to personal customer business, in 2016, the company was financially active in open-source securities, Inc.
The size of the customer’s transactional assets has grown across the board, with the cumulative size of the customer’s account of the customer’s customer’s account increasing by more than 70% in 2016 compared to the end of the previous year.
In the area of investment banking, the number of owners of a company ' s shareholdings reached 27 during the reporting period, with the main securitization products (abs), non-financial enterprise debt financing instruments, corporate bonds and total corporate bond encumbrances ranked 1st, 2nd and 4th, respectively.
For the second year in a row, asset securitization products were ranked number 1, with market shares reaching capital intermediation in 2016, stock pledge holdings awaiting purchase back in late 2016, and international operations, with 20 stock underwriting projects completed during the reporting period,2
For one refinancing project, the stock underwriting was further raised to nine, with the middle-ranking second; 18 offshore bond distribution projects were completed, amounting to US$ 12.7 billion. The most represented of these projects were the offer of equity ipo ($1.38 billion in financing), and the postal bank.
The annualized returns on investment in international fixed-income credit debt were significantly ahead of the market benchmark.
Rate, overall return on investment increased 193 per cent over the same period; global commodity operations continued to grow at a high rate of 49 per cent over the same period, with pooled asset management of $44.7 billion, targeted asset management of scale 6th place, 2nd place above the same year, and compliance fiduciary funds of 8th place.
With regard to self-employment, the corporate a share-directed self-investment returns, stock-directed hedging policies, equity-based derivatives investment strategies have been significantly influenced. In addition, there were no new financing-type equity swaps in 2016, resulting in a significant decrease in the scale of returns throughout the year compared to 2015.
In terms of sub-operations, in addition to brokering and wealth management operations, the amount of reserves for the M & As Reorganization Project is relatively large and provides a good basis for the start of business this year, so that the realization of investment income will underpin the company ' s performance in 2017.
Strong support. At the same time, depending on the changing market environment, self-employment will be significantly enhanced if firms adjust their investment strategies in a timely manner.
During the reporting period, corporate brokerage and wealth management accounted for 60.74 per cent and still accounted for the bulk of the principal income, with investment banks, investment management, investment and transactions accounting for 18.43 per cent, 10.27 per cent and 6.80 per cent of the principal income, respectively, and accounted for the average amount of corporate revenue.
Still, relying on traditional economic business, the situation of “food by heaven” has not fundamentally changed, so corporate business structures need to be further adjusted, balanced, diversified, or oriented. The main risks to offer securities this year may arise in two ways: one is the sustainability of the market.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.