H shares are on the market successfully and the internationalization strategy is steadily moving forward
Wang has been affected by the low market climate, with a 50% drop in performance: company ownership in 2016, corporate brokerage is relatively high, influenced by the low market climate, and under brokering revenue.
Ma Xiangyun has performed very well in managing business and has improved in terms of income size: at the end of 2016, the company was named two times higher than the previous year; the compliance trustee was ranked eight, one times higher than the previous year.
Against the backdrop of a downturn in brokering, self-employment, corporate capital management has shown a strong growth dynamic, with revenue rising by 5 to 10 per cent. Refinancing has declined, bonds have been strong, and overall investment income has fallen on the same scale:
The number of M & As financing packages decreased from 2015 and the amount of underwriting was reduced. But corporate bond underwriting continued to be more competitive in the market: corporate debt in 2016 totalled $33,5.7 billion, an increase of 48.66 per cent, with the amount of underwriting ranked on the market.
Industry IV. Among these, asset securitization products were ranked first for the second year in a row, with a market share of 15.34% in 2016, with a prominent position. With the introduction of new refinancing regulations, the corporate refinancing base is low and is expected to be less affected in the future.
In Hong Kong, the net capital position has increased considerably, and the internationalization of development strategy has advanced steadily: the company ' s share of h was traded on 7 October 2016, raising 10.3 billion Hong Kong dollars. The company ' s share of hipo has been successfully completed, while raising the company ' s net capital.
This strength, laying the foundation for the development of corporate capital intermediation, external M&As, etc., h sharesipo, on the other hand, enhances the international visibility of companies and drives firm internationalization strategies to progress steadily. Companies, as core financial platforms of the Group of Recruitment Bureaux, actively promote innovation while building on traditional business practices.h
The company has maintained aa rating (only two in the industry) for nine consecutive years, h-share ipo further boosts its net capital strength and accelerates the company ' s internationalization strategy.
The volatility of the secondary market places double pressure on the performance and valuation of bond dealers.