China
Wuliangye Yibin
Strong execution ability to drive long-term growth
ADD (no change)
3Q19 sales grew 27% yoy, with net profit up 35% yoy, both stronger than we
expected, driven mainly by ASP and volume growth from new Wuliangye launches.
Wuliangye has proven to the market that its brand image and distribution network
have consistently improved this year.
We forecast that Wuliangye will continue to deliver 18% yoy sales growth in FY20F.
Maintain Add with new DCF-based TP of Rmb165.
Successful launch of new Wuliangye led to strong 3Q19 results
Wuliangye achieved 27% yoy sales growth to Rmb37bn in 9M19 and its net profit was up
by 31% yoy to Rmb12bn. Of which, 3Q19 sales grew by 27% yoy to Rmb10bn with net
profit up by 35% yoy to Rmb3.2bn, both stronger than market and our estimates. We
believe the strong growth was mainly due to successful launch of 8th generation
Wuliangye in June 2019 which drove up both ASP and volume growth in 3Q19. We
estimate that 20,300t of the high-end Wuliangye brand were sold 20,300t in 9M19, and
c.5,000t of the new generation Wuliangye sold in 3Q19, 78% of our estimate for FY19F.
As at the end of 3Q19, advance payments from customers had risen 140% yoy and 35%
gog to Rmb 5.9bn, reflecting strong advance stocking demand from distributors to
prepare for Chinese New Year. The first-tier wholesaler price of 52° Wuliangye currently
Key changes in this note
remains at Rmb930-940 per bottle, higher than Rmb840-850 per bottle in the beginning
FY19F EPS increased by 1.7%.
\mathbf{z}
of 2019.
FY20F EPS increased by 1.7%.
Margin improvement through product structure premiumization
FY21F EPS increased by 1.1%.
The 3Q19 GPM was up by 2.7%pts to 60.4%, mainly because of product structure
premiumization. We expect the GPM to improve by 1.5%pts yoy in FY19F. As Wuliangye
launched a large marketing campaign for new Wuliangye products in 3Q19, the S&D
expenses ratio increased by 2.2%pts, but was partially offset by good control of G&A
expenses. Its 3Q19 net profit margin improved by 1.8%pts to 32.2%. We forecast that
FY19F net profit will grow by 30% yoy to Rmb17.4bn with net profit margin expansion of
1.4%pts to 34.8%.
Sales growth expected to remain strong in FY20F
Since 2019, Wuliangye has made clear marketing strategy to strengthen Wuliangye
brand image and concentrate on its high-end Wuliangye brand, particular on its star
product -52° Wuliangye. On the other hand, Wuliangye has been outspoken to stabilize
their distribution network and protect its distributors with a reasonable channel profit
margin to reinforce distributors' confidence in the Wuliangye brand and the company.
Driven by a continuous product mix upgrade and channel reform, we expect Wuliangye
will achieve 17.8% and 16.5% yoy sales growth in FY20F and FY21F, respectively.
Major shareholders
% held
Yibin State-owned Asset Operation
We revised up FY19F-21F EPS by 1.1%-1.7%, reflecting Wuliangye's stronger-than-
Co. Ltd
expected sales growth and successful product structure premiumization. We maintain our
ADD rating for Wuliangye, as the current management team has a clear strategy to
further improve the Wuliangye brand image and strong execution ability in reforming its
distribution network. Downside risks include 1) a significant fall in Moutai's average retail
price, capping Wuliangye's price increase potential; and 2) a macroeconomic slowdown,
wnich would have a neavy negative impact on super-premium baijiu consumption.
Positive catalysts include 1) stronger-than-expected volume growth, and 2) better
expense ratio control.
Analysts
Lei Yang
Sun Feifei
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Strong execution ability to drive
long-term growth
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Food & Beverages | China
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
國 銀 河 國 際
Food & Beverages | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
ADD
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.