Sustained increase in the combined capacity of researchchand developmentcenter, driving high performance growth
- Conlon into a company review report (300759).
2. Strong growth in the main business, with four major synergizes for long-term development A sustained increase in integrated capacity, driving high performance growth The company issued its annual 2021 report. In 2021, the company achieved a year-on-year growth of $7,444 million in operating revenue, a year-on-year increase
1341 million, an increase of 67.46% over the same year; the net cash flow of the company was 2,058 million yuan over the year, and the same amount increased. To improve quality control of experimental animals, optimize the company’s experimental animal supply system, and strengthen the company’s biosciences in terms of drug safety evaluation.
It is proposed to buy 100% of the shares of Ankeiyobo Bio-Pilot with some $83.6 million of its own capital, with strong growth in revenue and robust company operations. The company’s income growth has been increasing year by year for the last four years.
\triangleright pp) with administrative costs of 11.64 per cent (same as -1.07 pp), R & D costs of 0.31 per cent (same as -129 pp), and scale effects of lower corporate costs and costs.
\triangleright drug discovery projects, 77 in-country ind/nda projects and 56 multi-country declarations in laboratory service operations
Billion yuan, +42.9 per cent, Māori 34.8 per cent, served 1,013 drug molecules or intermediates (754 preclinical, 224 clinical i-ii, 30 clinical iii, process certification and commercialization), with a successful upgrading of cdmo. In clinical research services, 2021
In terms of cellular and cellular and gene therapy, the Department announced $151 million for the first time, the rapid development of United States regional operations, and further city coverage.
High, subsidiary philmaronbiologicsuk has begun to take on external orders, increasing future values.
Technically, the company has two technologies: bioenzyme catalytic and fluid chemistry and chemistry.
In Beijing, there are six major technological platforms, namely, 9th House of the City of the West Side, reaction screening platform, gene coded compounds bank technology platform, human-source stem cell-guided myocardial test platform, with 13455 R & D staff, with a high percentage of R & D staff.
90.2%, integrated technology is strong. In terms of capacity, the company carries out multiple acquisitions, extensions, laboratory services: the first part (12wm2) of the second phase of the Ningpo 1 park has been put into operation and the second part (4.2wm2) has begun internal security.
In addition to the construction of the third phase (14wm2) of the park, which is expected to be operational in the first half of 2021, the start-up medicine, Conreté, Ankeyobo and the maintenance of animal supplies have been acquired, and the number of nhp (non-human primates) currently stands at nearly 1w; cmc: Scho
The first phase (200m3) was put into operation in early 2022, the remaining 400m3 will be delivered in mid-2022, the third phase (4wm2) will be put into operation in Tianjin and will increase the capacity of 100m3 through the acquisition of the British Cramlington plant; clinical research services: Eunway medicine was acquired
In the case of large molecules and small gene therapy: about 7wm2 capacity will be available in 2023, while the acquired phamaronbiologicsuk department has begun to generate revenue.
Profit predictions: based on a smooth upgrade of the company ' s cdmo transition, \triangleright \triangleright start-up, based on corporate guidance, we have raised the company ' s profit expectations, projected at 2022-
Risk factors: Increased industry competition, risk of declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical sector, international policy within countries \triangleright, loss of core skilled personnel, etc.
Lee Yuen, member of the team, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Dannah Group) with a great deal of practical experience. He joined the Sindash securities in July 2021 to work on the medical equipment plate.
• Research in the cxo industry; research in the vaccine, blood products, pharmaceutical consumption; and research in services and small molecular innovation.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.