Conlon into (3759.hk/300759.ch): Acquisition of raw materials in the United Kingdom, repeated effects of domestic epidemics limited. Management commented on two recent business developments: 1) Acquisition of raw materials commercialized in the United Kingdom.
Auesica, although limited in the short term, will contribute more than 100 cubic metres of capacity to complement the capacity of existing small overseas molecules cdmo; 2) recurrent internal outbreaks will have limited impact on the operations of Tianjin and Shashingcmo; Shashing will be able to produce 600 cubic metres in the first half of the year
In the wake of the volatility, we believe that this is the perfect time to reconfigure Conlong. The acquisition of the commercial manufacturing base for the commercialization of raw materials in the United Kingdom, aesicapharcetics, further enhances the company’s overseas cdmo capability: apl is located in the United Kingdom.
Cramlington, which has more than 100 cubic metres of capacity and some 120 or so production groups, has previously been mainly involved in the production of generic raw materials. Although apl contributes less to Conlonization in the short term and lacks the capacity to develop innovative medicines, apl matures.
Production systems and fda/mrha production qualifications can provide a good complement to the company ' s existing cdmo operations and process development/early raw material production teams, and the space for subsequent upgrades and expansions is considerable. The company was previously acquired from Mercerton in 2017.
The UK Hoddesdon plant, which currently has more than 200 people in its craft and operation team, will then work together to meet the needs of overseas cmcs and customers to produce raw materials in different regions and to better manage local production arrangements in the context of the global epidemic.
Existing operations and new capacity release are limited by the recurrent effects of the domestic epidemic: the recent internal outbreak has affected the company’s operations at cmo in Tianjin and Shashing, but management has said that the overall impact is limited. The company’s plant in Tianjin is located in the western part of the economic technology development zone, not in the government.
Within the scope of control, although approximately one sixth of the employees were affected by the epidemic control measures and were unable to leave, preparations have resumed for a three-to-four-week delay in the commissioning of the cubic metre capacity, with the first drop expected in mid-January and other work in progress being actively pursued.
The second phase of 400 cubic metres is expected to be operational in the second quarter, in line with earlier expectations. Currently, Shashing cmo capacity has received a number of orders, and we expect the first phase to be fully operational 2022epe and 2.2x/17.7 x 2022epeg; both Unita and Unit H targetpe are more historically flat.
Each is one standard deviation higher, while both Unit a and Unit h target peg are the same as the historical average. • Investment risk: project orders grow slower than expected; investment returns fluctuate; and the epidemic repeats dramatically.
Financial statement analysis and projections - Kanlong into (3759.hk) Figure 4: The recipient of this report, through its acceptance of this report (including any relevant annexes), indicates and guarantees its entitlement to this report under the following conditions and agrees
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is compiled by the Group Information and other public information that is used by the Card Corps-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as the International Securities of Pilgrim), which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.