At the same time, the company issued an extension announcement that plans to invest 200,000 tons of annual production of silicon, with a total investment estimated at $14 billion, to be implemented in two instalments of 100,000 tons each, with the first phase planned for the end of December 2022.
In the second half of the year, demand is expected to start rapidly, as negative feedback on the price of the industrial chain accelerates.
M6/g12 battery plate price of $1/w, adjusted by 8 points/w below May 2. " Silicon material drops and expansion speeds, released in a high climate (8 per cent decrease). Short-term demand has diminished after 630 raids, while silicon new production capacity has decreased.
Continued release, stock pressure in some enterprises, resulting in a significant drop from silicon to batteries 3. "Influencing performance, next year's silicon harvest, offering downfalls, we expect the midstream drops to be passed to components and terminals, hopefully.
To promote rapid upgrading of end demand and assembly output to meet the target of 150 to 160gw this year.
Surplus. Lately, seasonally low seasons have been required, but the expected increase in the reloading of the ring in the second half of the year is still stronger. Consider, "Integration cooperation has landed, silicon long sheets have been locked out, and by the end of the year, silicon will have been released with little new capacity, and silicon production capacity is far greater than silicon, which fell this year."
The price of silicon is expected to drop by a certain amount next year, and it is more difficult to get close to the hips within a short period of time, like this year’s photovoltaic glass price (for more details, see the Tungwei stock assessment report on June 27).
By the end of the year, Leysan's silicon production capacity will reach 10.2 million tons, with a long-term capacity of 300,000 tons. The bottom company is expected to produce about 340,000 tons in 2022, an increase of 278 per cent over its current capacity.
The release of new production capacity will inevitably drive the return of silicon prices to reasonable levels, but the rapid growth in the volume of goods delivered by companies and the rapid decline in the cost of new production can still drive companies to achieve high growth in their future performance. Scores, and then averaged the final score, which is the average investment in the market.