The company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2021, during which it achieved operating income of $26,562 million.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company netting off non-recurring gains and losses is 2,995 million yuan, a year-on-year increase. The production costs of silicon materials continue to be optimized, with capacity utilization exceeding 100%. By the end of June 2021, the company ' s silicon material produced 80,000 tons per year.
506 000 tonnes: The average production cost of the company is $365 million, of which 30,000 tonnes in the first phase and 30,000 tonnes in the first phase of the package, and the average production cost of the new capacity is $3.37 million in the first quarter of this year, compared with the average cost of production of corporate silicon.
Production costs of $37,000 per ton continue to be optimized. The average Māori rate for silicon operations in the first half of the year was 69.39 per cent. Silicon depreciation costs are lower, and the company’s silicon production capacity is deployed in low-priced areas such as Sichuan Leung Hill, Inner Cover, Yunnan Bao Hill, where electricity prices are more favourable, and the current expansion of energy production in the energy-intensive sector has some resistance.
Chen Xi and the company are actively developing low-priced areas of production with a pre-emptive advantage. It is expected that the 100,000-ton project will be launched by the end of 2021 and that the company will be able to launch new energy earlier in the industry.
The company's battery business is a leading company with a technical layout that complements silicon business well enough to smooth silicon business week swings. As of the end of June 2021, the company's battery film produced 35gw per year, according to the company's announcement,
The company's 1gwhjt test line has been deactivated, the production line is in the slope phase, and it aims to complete the 1gw topcon test line in the second half of the year, and the company's battery technology layout is leading the industry. In the first half of the year, the sales of company batteries and components were 14.93gw, an increase of 92.68%, and the production was fully sold, with single crystal batteries having a Maori rate.
We believe that in 2021, the profit from the battery chain was more affected by the upswing in Beijing at 28 West Side Street, and that it was expected to improve in 2022, with a view to decentralization of the upstream silicon chain pattern in 2022.
If the price of silicon is reduced by 1,000 hinges on the land's mouth, the cell link is expected to return to a reasonable profit.
Fukuda Fukuda has a long and highly cyclical business, and there are good complementarities between the company ' s battery blades and silicon business, which smooths the cyclical volatility of silicon business as a whole.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment Area (Sichuan)
China Sea International Center B, 17th floor, doubles the company’s “uptake” rating.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.