In an era of global price parity, where bottlenecks in the production capacity are identified and where silicon prices perform better than expected in the coming year, the end demand in the price-neutral era is extremely resilient, we believe, due to the short construction cycle, the diversity of the project forms, the sensitivity of the rate of return to the cost of construction, etc.
Short-term additions will largely be determined by the “supply bottlenecks” of production capacity. In the near future, with the industrial chain warming, the prices of the upper- and upper-middle-sector products have recovered, giving ample proof that the current price levels of the industrial chain are fully off-limitable.
In the second half of the season, the demand was released on schedule, while in 2022 a large amount of new silicon production was put into operation, but the supply was still smaller than other long extension cycles such as eva particles, glass, and was significantly smaller than the direct 2. "Silicon performance has erupted and has fallen short of expectations, making a full upturn. "
Downstream silicon/cell capacity, so we expect the price of silicon for 2021h2-2022 to perform at or above the current pessimistic expectations of the market, with the probability that the average price of silicon material will last over 120,000 tons next year.
Strengths in size and cost lead: high energy consumption, including multi-crystal silicon, since the introduction of the carbon target.
New thresholds beyond technology and finance for silicon expansion are also limited. 5. Strategic Co-operation Next City, where the employee shares are tied down, supports the industry ' s cost curves.
After 2023, the supply and demand of silicon and the long-term profit center of the company’s silicon business are also expected to be better than market expectations. Battery p/n technology is not “one-day” and the company’s silicon security advantage is fully reflected in the first half of the year:
Compared to single crystals, perc/bsf overlaps, we believe that the conversion of crystal silicon cell technology to the n-type route would be relatively gradual, mainly because the positive value ratio of the N product depends on the maturity of many new processes, while the validation of the unit yield advantage would require a large amount of empirical data to run the project.
Tired. The battery business (8621), 61357595, has sufficient turn-over space, considering that the company has recently built new production capacity to accommodate upgrades totopcon technology space. At the same time, the battery business is a highly sensitive ring to capacity utilization as a profitability.
In this year's silicon/silicon shortage environment, the company's raw material security advantage is given to the battery profit, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment.