The cost of silicon production has declined, batteries have made a profit ahead of the industry Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) for the second quarter alone, the company has achieved business income of $15,944 million, an increase of 46.1 per cent over the same period, and the ring has increased.
• The cost of silicon production continues to decline and to be highly profitable, the level of battery profit is bright, the prices of companies compare to the trend of 300 deep, the average Māori rate of silicon is 69.39 per cent, the cost of production is $3.65 million per ton, and the unit is expected to be profitable.
At $5.7 million per ton, the net profit of the silicon business in the first half of the year was approximately $2.8-2.9 billion. The average gross profit rate of the company ' s battery business in the first half of the year was 11.65%, with losses in the battery business and a sharper profit level under the pressure of higher prices of upstream silicon.
The company expects the size of silicon to reach 18/23/33 million tons by the end of 2021/2023, which will continue to rise. The company's battery capacity is expected to exceed 55gw by the end of 2022.
The company performed very well in the first half of the year, and we expect silicon prices to remain high in the second half of the year, raising pre-profit demand and rising prices less than expected; returning overseas workers to production less than expected; and the impact of the epidemic becoming worse.
All year round, 2021-4-7 degrees enter the upper zone, with short- and medium-term attention paid to the general population, popular China, and Thai electronics.
Contact person: Sheng Yi, three years of buyer's industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates, new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles. Contact person: Beyeda, Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, National Scholarship and Work at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity.
Research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. The information and information used in this report, using legal compliance information, is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.