Shinji Shan's evidence is a strong profit from the crystalline silicon, and the N battery is ready for release on August 18th, 2021.
The silicon business is profitable, and the expansion of capacity is expected to add up in the coming year. Since this year, the market \triangleright demand has been strong, the supply and demand of multi-crysilica as a whole is in a tight equilibrium pattern, and the market for single-crystal material is now overpriced.
Two hundred thousand yuan per ton. In the first half of the year, the company's capacity was overloaded, with an average production of 50.6 million tons, the price of crystal silicon would remain high and the company would be sustainable. The company was actively promoting new capacity-building.
Tons), Leysan high pure silicon (100,000 tons) is expected to be operational in 2022, and corporate multisilicon is expected to be operational by the end of 2022. Basic data: new production of silicon will be phased in by 30 June 2021, silicon supply will be silicon supply will be silicon operations will improve.
Battery operations have been in reverse and new technologies have accumulated. Corporate battery and assembly volumes of 14.93gw have been delivered during the reporting period, almost fully delivered, and single crystal battery rates have remained high at 11.65%.
The lead partner, mainly because of the general decline in the start-up rate in the battery industry in the first half of the year, the company secured the supply of silicon tablets with excellent supply chain management to achieve full production, with a down-blown period cost and non-size perc batteries with a world record maximum efficiency of 23.47 per cent, plus 400 mw in the previous year.
New 1gw test line based on the heterogeneous cytology test line, which is currently in the production capacity slope phase, and built 1gwtopcon test line based on a partially perc production line, with multiple technical circuits fully configured to ensure the company's continued leading position in battery operations.
It's a 28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, and it's a silicon patch, and it's over 2gw.
In addition, by the end of the reporting period, the company had completed the project “Fishichi Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.”
Deep-farm feed and industrial chain operations to maintain steady growth. Company feed and related industries were smoother and the feed business as a whole was more stable during the reporting period.
There has been a slight decline in the sale of aquatic feed and a significant increase in the recovery of the stock of pig feed for which the sale benefits. \triangleright \triangleright  risk of price fluctuations in the industrial chain; risk of policy changes, both at home and abroad; and risk of technological overlaps in the photovoltaic industry;
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.