q2 high growth in performance, silicon expansion consolidating the dominant position -- 21 years of prognosis of performance and announcement of expansion
In addition, the company announced an annual investment in 200,000 tons of high-purity silicon projects in Leysan. o2 high-profit growth, high-profit profits in silicon, high-profit quarterly growth, mainly in q2 silicon prices, we expect q2 companies.
Silicon sales amounted to 24,000 tons and the ring ratio was almost equal; the average sale price was 15-16 million yuan per ton, an increase of 76-88 per cent over the ring. Because of the rigid cost of silicon production, the company’s silicon chain was profitable.
With thickening, the q2 silicon single-ton net gain is expected to be around $75,000-$80 million, ring growth, silicon mountain expansion, low-cost pole competition, company announcement of an investment in 200,000 tons of high-purity silicone per year in Leysan City, with a total investment of about RMB.
By the end of 2020, the company had developed a high-purity crystalline silicon capacity of 80,000 tons, while initiating the construction of a 100,000-ton production capacity in Leysan II and Baoshan II, which is expected by the end of the 21st century.
By the end of the 22nd year, the company is expected to produce 330,000 tons of silicon, and its size will continue to grow.
The average production cost fell to $363,000 per ton, at a total cost of approximately $427,000 per ton, and the cost of leading the regulatory industry, which guaranteed long-term core competitiveness.
In 2021, against the backdrop of a sharp rise in upstream prices, the profit level of corporate battery business has peaked, large silicon plants have taken the lead in lowering prices, and downstream output has recovered. The non-silicon cost of company battery links has fallen to within 0.2/w, with industry leading.
At the same time, the company continues to increase its investment in tracking and research into new battery technologies, with the Hjt battery now having a maximum conversion efficiency of 25.18%, and the company will build a 1gwhjt pilot.
With the higher than expected increase in the price of q2 silicon, we have raised the company’s profit forecast. We expect global photovoltaics to fall short of expectations, changes in international trade, silicon and battery prices.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is an independent, objective and diligent professional person.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.