Tungway shares (600438) Silicon conditions continue, production capacity expands firmly, and the Tungwee shares (600438) are reported for the semi-annual review in 2021.
\triangleright \triangleright is mainly due to silicon being in a mood cycle, increasing volume prices, adding to corporate industrial synergies, management optimization.
The Māori rate is 33.13% for business and 9.61% for agriculture. The cost rate has not changed much, with 9.6% for the first half of the year, silicon: the climate continues to grow at a very high price and the capacity expands firmly.
Ten thousand yuan per ton (an average production cost of $3.37 million per ton for the first phase and the first phase of the project). With the advantage of cost and scale, the company will expand its future productive capacity and release it faster than its competitors, fully enjoying the high profile of the industry. It is expected that 50,000 tonnes for the second phase and 50,000 tonnes for the first phase will be released by the end of 2021 and 50,000 tonnes for the second phase will be released in 2022.
By the end of 2022, the public sector is expected to produce 330,000 tons, further strengthening silicon taps. Battery tablets: industry brings a profit and continues to lead technological innovation.
In the first half of the year, the cost of being squeezed by up-and-down prices and lower start-up rates was higher, and battery films were generally less profitable. Corporate battery films, in collaboration with silicone operations, fully guaranteed stable supply of silicon tablets, were then fully produced and sold, q2 batteries were sold at 7gw, single-crystal batteries at a net profit of 3.5 cents and non-silicon costs were generally lower.
0.2/w, where the company’s profitability is unique in the second quarter of the year, further spreads. The product structure continues to be optimized, with a 65% share of large-size shipments of 166 and above, with 210-sized products in June exceeding 55gw, of which 210 large-sized batteries will produce more than 35gw.
The heterogeneous knots go hand-in-hand with the Topcon, and the volume drive is in the forefront of the industry. The 1gw test line in the heterogeneity of the Golden Hall has been deactivated. Research assistant: Lee Kyung-po, completed, entered the production-capability slope phase, and a new 1gw test line in Topcon was added in the second half of the year and is expected to be operational by the end of the year.
The industrial battery plant industry has been further strengthened.cs Photovoltaics 58 times pe-ttm, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Assessment: Investing in photovoltaic industry chains with Sky, less demand for photovoltaics than expected, falling product prices over-expected, changes in technology routes, impairment of assets and end-of-life losses Deepening strategic layout
The company ' s financial statement data forecast is a summary of vouchers, East Wu Securities, and Chinese Securities, joined in August 2020.Tinya, a multi-year research experience in the photovoltaic industry, was employed in Solarzoom, New Age Securities, and in December 2020.
Li Kyung-po, who has five years of experience in the motor industry at Shanghai Transport University, joined the civil securities industry in February 2021 and is mainly responsible for new energy vehicles, and whose authors possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced or influenced by any third party,