In the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 56,294 million yuan, an increase of 18.90 per cent over the same period; this was attributed to the listed company ' s shares.
In the first half of the year, the economy recovered gradually, using dairy products as a means of protecting the demand for healthy food consumption.
With good growth, market penetration and coverage have continued to increase.Nilson zero studies show that retail sales of liquid milk in the country have increased by 9%, while retail sales of infant and young children and adult formula powder have increased by 7.7%.
The same increase of 35.3 per cent in retail sales in the cheese market was seized by the company, which quickly promoted the layout and pace of development of high-growth businesses, allowing both income and net profits to grow rapidly.
First in the industry; milk powder and dairy products earned $7.627 billion, compared to +14.83 per cent, of which the market share of infant and child formula powder was the same +0.9 pct, the market share of cheese was the same +6.7 pct; cold drinks were the same.
For $5,538 million, compared to +13.80 per cent, the industry continues to be led; sales of priority products such as the Golden Fair “Anmush” “Handy” “Golds” and “Charlotse” sales have increased by 20.7 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
There has been a significant increase, with 161.88 receipts in North China and South China and other regions, respectively. According to the distribution pattern, the company sales model is dominated by distribution, with revenues of billions of yuan, +12.02 per cent, or 3.09 per cent.
The farming programme, which is constantly increasing channel penetration levels, has generated 1209 new distributors. The cost rate has been well controlled during the period, and the price of raw materials has fallen as a result of the increase in the Maori rate.
The impact of scale during the reporting period is reflected in the continued upward pressure of marketing costs to actively explore new retail channels such as “020 to home” “community marketing” by optimizing the product structure and raising sales costs.
Use efficiency. q2 single-season net return interest rates have fallen to 8.55%, mainly due to higher costs associated with company business extension, access expansion, new product development, etc., to add to the company’s future perspective. (1) The company continues to promote global branding.
And it's based on quality, raising brands' competitive edge. In brands and products, the BrandzTM lists "The Best Chinese Brand 100 in 2021" and "The Best Global Dairy Brand 10" have been published for years.
Industry First Company, in the report of the Caedo Consumers Index, Asian Markets 2021, has been the most selected brand for six years in a row; (2) the company deepens the strategic layout of the whole channel and taps its potential for development.
On the basis of the availability of channels, we have been able to expand the new channels and improve the efficiency of their production.
Percentage point: Electrics grow by 21.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, according to a star map zero study, and it is shown that the company's share in the market for warm, liquid milk is the first in the company's platform: (3) The company captures consumer demand trends and continuously promotes the optimal upgrading of its products to “gold”
A2 beta-cheese organic pure milk, half of "light" sugar fruit tea yogurt, and "qq Star" children growing formula for sheep milk are the new products, representing 15.6 per cent of income. Market performance is excellent: (4) as industry leader, company brand price
It's worth a lot, coupled with the fact that the main business is moving from dairy to beverages, healthy foods, and it's expected to be a comprehensive food business. With consumer awareness and disposable income, cheese, low-temperature milk, health, etc.
High-value goods such as food are expected to grow rapidly. Risks; foreign market expansion is not as expected; food safety issues, etc. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.