Iri shares (600887), profit improvement, continuous validation, long-term release of Ili shares
(b) The Ili Group, the largest dairy company in China and the most full product group in the global dairy industry, was established in the first quarter of the world.
The net gain of $2.49 billion, compared to 3.9 per cent, was in line with our expectations and the profits were higher than expected.
The original milk price of 2021h1 increased by double digits on a year-on-year basis, reaching a range of +19.8 per cent in June, the original milk product industry that provided services; and, in the context of the World Expo, the industry continues to attest to the logic of slower competition, and the leader, Eli, continues to benefit from competition.
Approximate. Optimizing and increasing concentration of breast milk competitions for the Shanghai Expo 2010. 21h1 company sales cost 21.99%, i.e. 1.82 pct; goods enterprise. Eli maintains and promotes innovation strategies.
The Māori rate is 37.40 per cent, corresponding to 0.76 pd; among these, the LY/MW/Freak Māori ratio has developed over the years, with several leading technical research and development and production research collaborative platforms in place to sustain industrial innovation.
Among them, the state has determined that the rate of Māori reduction is less than the original increase in the price of milk. By gross sales, 21h1 gross sales are 15.41% less and cost Joint National and Local Engineering Research Centers, National Cold.
The upward pressure is still the same as +1.05 pct; the motherhood net rate is 9.45%, with an increase of 1.56 pct, profitability, the secretariat of the Technical Committee for the Standardization of Frozen Drinks, and the national milk system. According to our analysis at the beginning of the year, the original milk price tends to enter the industry after it enters the lower route.
We believe that next year's original milk supply will gradually shift to a tight balance, that the cost of milk will increase, and that the center's dairy labs, etc., will all be at the national level.
Research and development innovation platforms. Consumer health awareness, demand for dairy products, demand-driven corporate revenue steady.
After the epidemic, the demand for the industry has increased, and companies have been at the forefront of the industry, breaking up the product lines, and 2021H1 sales of liquid milk/milk powder and milk products are above the overall growth rate of 20.7 per cent compared to the rate of 2020.7 per cent, with a steady improvement in the structure.
The share of retail sales in the company market has also gradually increased, with the ratio of liquid milk/child formula powder/cheese to total equity/flowa shares (million shares) having a penetration rate of 85.7 per cent for the regular liquid milk market, compared with 1.5 ptt.
In the future, profits will continue to rise, driven by the company’s cost reduction and structural upgrading. On the demand side, the demand for post-epidemiological consumer health and dairy rigidity will continue to be released, and the industry will see enough dynamic energy in the long run. On the supply side, we judge that the original milk supply and demand will shift from a tight supply of milk to a tight supply in the middle of next year.
A gradual shift towards a tight balance, so that the milk price increases and the milk price itself are expected to fall gradually and the gross sales spread expands over time; also, due to the higher milk price base for the same period of 20h2, we expect 21h2 milk prices to fall to higher digits at a faster rate than in the same period, and industry and corporate cost pressures to slow down.
Low-price rivalries, turning to benign competition for differentiation, innovation, and structural upgrading. So, we believe that future demand for the industry is safe, and that the creation of firm product innovation, structural upgrading, and competition patterns are expected to continue.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect net corporate profits in 2021-2023 to be 89.2, weixy@dxzq.net.cn, the source of financial prosperity in the East
Ely shares (600887); profit improvement logic continues to be proven, profit margins are released for a long time, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Company reports Ely shares (600887); profit improvement logic continues to be validated, profit margins released over time.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.