The semi-annual review of 2021: q2 over-expected profits, q2 over-expected net profits from the industry of $5,322 million, +42.48 per cent, +5.10 billion, +33.06 per cent, income met market expectations and profit over-market expectations. Of this, 2,021q2 was earned.
The percentage of low-temperature cities rose slightly to 15.4%, with a doubling of low-temperature milk farms, which received low-temperature acid, which showed a drop in the number of places and still performed better than the industry.
As much as 30% +, sheep milk powder and organic milk mills have doubled, and the share of infant and young child milk has increased steadily. (The above-mentioned municipalities have a share in Nelson's retail caliber.) Improved structure, less marketing hedge costs, and higher market expectations for profit performance. 2021H1 Māori
In the first half of the year, the cost of original milk increased by about 15% over the same period, but the company’s costs of hedged products by reducing marketing promotions and improving product composition. 2021h1 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/cold-sales series/total gross sales of products. The logic of improved industry patterns continues to be confirmed.
1. The Ily shares (600887) track shows an increase of 1.5 pct over 19q2 and a significant improvement in profitability.
▪ The logic of healthy growth of h2 and improved profitability is expected to continue to materialize. In the context of the epidemic, the temperature of white milk is very high, the high-end white milk ratio rises, the product structure is constantly optimized, and the milk powder business is tracked at 2, "Eli shares" (600887).
Intra-capital dividend period, corporate fundamentals change to maintain excellent performance. According to a follow-up, company 7 reports: good sales, reduced spending, month-on-month boosts, with solid growth in white milk and high-end milk, a warmer yogurt and continued milk powder.
New items like cheese are growing rapidly. Although the price of milk is rising, it is expected to slow down, with some competitions and programme costs concentrated in the second half of the year, but we expect seasonal fluctuations and a steady fall in costs throughout the year.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Foresight h2, firm revenue increases, cost-side increases slow down, year-round cost declines steady, profit-end elasticity periods suggest attention to investment opportunities arising from the logic of improving patterns. In the medium and long term, corporate revenue claims are more balanced, with long-term targets for increasing productivity
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board