Product structure upgrades and cost efficiencies will continue to improve profitability The structure of liquid milk products will continue to improve, with an increase of 20 per cent well above the industry; liquid milk, infant milk powder, cheese
In the first half of the year, the main business of Eli was 55,650 million yuan, an increase of 18.2 per cent. (1) Retail sales increased by 9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the continued restructuring of the product structure, with the main contribution to the core monolithic.
Increment. In the first half of the year, the gold medal “Anmush” and the “gold crown” and the “circumstance” of the gold were among the major points of product sales, which increased by 20.7 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with a larger base of 2q20 replenishment effects, followed by a steady rise in the high base, and a larger increase in the cheese market. Nelson zero studies show that, more often than not,
The share of the sales of warm liquid milk +0.7 pct, which is the most stable; the market share of infant and young child formulae is the retail share +0.9 pct, and the end market share of the cheese business is the retail share +6.7 pct. (3) From the channel, the power vendor business +21.8 per cent, and according to satellite zero research data, the company's share of the market is the first.
Despite a contraction in the cost rate of 2.1 pct, a significant increase in the price of original milk led to a decrease in net interest rates. (1) The company experienced a significant increase in the price of primary milk. (2) The four costs of 1h21 were 27.5 per cent, -2.1 pct: sales 22.1 per cent, compared to 1.8 pc, and the handling costs of sales costs were 0.4 pc, advertising marketing costs
-1.7 pc, Increased efficiency of cost placement; 4.5 per cent, same ratio for management; 8.6 per cent for R & D and 2 q, corresponding to 1.1 pct, due mainly to a significant increase in the price of original milk. 2h21 original milk prices will rise steadily, companies will continue their model of cost efficiency, and the trend towards optimal competition patterns is clear
Interest rates are high, and rising demand for dairy products after the epidemic has contributed to a steady upward trend in upstream milk prices, with a forecast of 2h21, with higher prices over the same period the previous year, which would be significantly less than 1h21 and lower cost-side pressure. Cost-efficiency trends remain constant, while high-end products drive overall growth and competition patterns optimized.
"Eli shares: 1q revenue profits are higher than expected, year-round profits are repeated, industry competition is increasing significantly, and the cost of raw materials is rising significantly. " Capacity is expected to increase. " 20210429
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: food processing