▪ Xinhua Insurance issued an advance forecast of performance for the first three quarters of 2025: Motherhood in the first three quarters is projected to be $30 billion to $34.1 billion net profit, an increase of $9.3 billion to $13.4 billion in the same period, and an increase in return for investment is the main driver of significant increases in net return earnings.
The net profit from the division continued to grow relatively significantly on a high base over the same period in the previous year, mainly because domestic capital markets had stabilized and investment returns had increased significantly over the same period. (ii) In addition, O3 had a director with Hangzhou Bank, and we expected the investments to be recorded in the form of long-share investments or for the current period.
We expect the net profits of each listed venture q3 to continue to grow at a high level, mainly as a result of a cumulative increase of 19.5 per cent in the grossa index in the 1q3 season, as compared to 17.7 per cent in the same period the previous year.
In 2025, the stock market was dominated by technological growth, with a balanced and diversified allocation of insurance funds, and revenue from the relevant warehouse.2 The size of the investments in equity in listed companies increased significantly over the same period, and they were more heavily insured (+25.4%) than in Xinhua Insurance (+22.6%).3 All except equity funds are accounted for in fvtpl.
In addition, there is still a high equity share of the shares of the various insurance companies, and the stock gains are directly accounted for in the profits of the current period. The share share of the listed equity companies in the 2025h1 market is Fvtpl: Xinhua Insurance (81.2%) China Life (77.4%) China Taibo (66.2%) China People Insurance (53.6%) China
We expect the listing company q3nbv to continue to grow faster. 1) 2025h1 listing company nbv critic: nbv, net profits are all bright and total: life insurance (+71.7%)  Xinhua insurance (+58.4%) > China is safe.
q3 The high demand from clients before the projected interest rate was lowered will drive a more rapid growth of nbv by pushing for a phased increase in the premium for the new policy.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: In combination with the company’s business performance in the first three quarters of 2025, we are at a low level. We see that the company will focus on deepening supply-side reforms, taking a deep look at the development opportunities of the new era, such as health, old age, wealth management, etc., and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.