Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Insurance Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Insurance Xin
The elasticity of corporate performance was more pronounced in the single quarter, when the return to the mother ' s net profit was increased by RMB 137,252 million, an increase of 28.3 per cent over the same period; the return to the mother ' s net profit was RMB 32,857 million, an increase of 58.9 per cent over the same quarter. The return to the business income was increased by RMB 67,211 million, an increase of 30.8 per cent over the same period; and the return to the mother ' s net profit was increased by RMB 18,058 million, a significant increase of 88.2 per cent over the same period.
The core driving force behind this increase is the excellent performance of the investment end, which has benefited from the warmer capital markets of the last three quarters, and the fact that public investment returns have continued to increase significantly over the same year’s high base. The premium and value have risen, and the channel and product transformation have worked well.
The new business value (nbv) achieved a high growth rate of 50.8 per cent in the previous three quarters, releasing 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices for future profits, of which the premium for the first year of long-term insurance, as a core driver of value growth, increased significantly by 59.8 per cent to 59.8 per cent in the same period.
Silver insurance channels have become a central engine for corporate growth. Companies have raised the silver insurance channels to strategic heights, deepened their partnerships with banks, and implemented “I”
In the last three quarters, the first annual premium for the long-term insurance channel increased by 66.7% to $35,938 million, with 32.9% in the medium-term. Reform of the insurance channel was effective.
In the first three quarters, the cumulative increase in human capacity was over 30,000, an increase of 140 per cent over the previous quarter, with a 50 per cent increase in per capita capacity. The first annual premium for long-term insurance coverage was 48.5 per cent over the same period, with the result that Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - the return on investment contribution increased and the product structure improved significantly.
In the third quarter, the company achieved an annualized gross investment revenue. Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) – a high elastic return on investment with a new record of net profits – had a rate of 8.6% and an annualized lump-sum return of 6.7%.
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - Reform results consolidated and “opening the door” of the premium optimized internal structure: 1) Increase in the value of ocí (investment in other equity instruments) and stock equity investment to smooth the market Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - high elasticity of asset returns and increased profit contribution -
(b) The impact of fluctuations on profit tables; (b) the focus on high-valued assets in order to increase bottom-down revenue while at the same time capitalizing on structural opportunities in areas such as technology, growth; and (c) flexibility in adjusting the configuration of a and port units, with continued good returns from investment in the Hong Kong stock.
Investment recommendations: Companies continue to move forward with the transformation of their end-of-debt products and channels, and asset-end interest-matching at a relatively high scale is a better asset yield elasticity. We raise the company’s profit forecast from 2025 to 2027. In 2023, new accounting standards for the insurance industry were implemented, and asset-end earnings fluctuations directly increased the exposure of insurance companies’ profits.
The firm’s elasticity was more pronounced in the first quarter of the quarter of the year, when the capital market rebounded sharply in the first three quarters of 2025, and the company’s revenues and profits increased. Net profits of $32,857 million, an increase of 58.9 per cent over the same quarter.
The central driving force behind the high performance was the excellent performance at the investment end, which benefited from the warmer capital markets of the previous three quarters, and the continued strong year-on-year growth in corporate investment returns on last year’s high base. The impact of the new Financial Workers Standards adjustment on the volatility of venture profit statements was mainly reflected in two aspects: first, significant equity capital.
Production is designated as fvtpl, which directly increases the volatility of the profit statement. Under the new financial instrument guidelines, the decision is irrevocable when the equity asset is designated as fvoci, only the dividends are accounted for as gains or losses, the difference in the purchase price at disposal is not accounted for as gains or losses, but only as retention proceeds, so the insurance company classifies a large number of equity assets as fair.
Financial assets whose value is measured and their changes are accounted for as gains or losses in the current period (fvtpl), and the effect of changes in the fair value of financial assets resulting from changes in capital markets on the profit statement becomes greater. Second, there is a change in the profit table in the subject matter related to the accounting of return on investment. The main subject under the old guidelines related to the accounting of return on investment is the return on investment, fair value
Change gains/losses and losses on impairment of assets; the main relevant items under the new guidelines are interest income, investment gains, gains/losses on changes in public value, credit impairment losses, with a specific formula and calculation process as described in the table above. “Income income” reflects the financial assets and classifications classified as amortized costs under the new financial instruments guidelines.
For the purposes of annual and 2024 performance of financial assets measured at fair value and accounted for in other combined gains, based on the real interest rate method, projections of profitability are made for the period from 2025 to 2027, with core assumptions such as 1. Insurance services income: in view of the fact that the end of the current industry liability is still in a critical period of product structural transformation,
There is a significant increase in the return on fair value changes. Follow-up corporate investment gains and fair value changes are still with capital. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.