A steady growth in performance of 2201 and steady progress on new projects Events: On 30 April 2022, Helium petrochemicals released the first quarter of 2022. 2022 Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh)
During the first quarter, the company achieved gross operating income of 53.397 billion yuan, an increase of 0.31 per cent in the same year; net profit of 4,223 million yuan, an increase of 2.71 per cent in the same year; net profit of $4,114 million, an increase of 9.47 per cent in the same year;
In the first quarter of 2022, the global commodity market generally showed a strong trend. As the impact of the epidemic subsided as the global vaccination of the new crown accelerated, the global demand for crude oil recovered, the production of an increase in production was lower than originally planned, and the crude oil market was undersupplied.
At the same time, the international crude oil market is expected to show an overall upward trend, influenced by geopolitical factors, which has also led to higher prices for petrochemical products. In the first quarter of 2022, companies earned 53.397 billion yuan, an increase of 0.31 per cent, and the ring an increase of 14.88 per cent.
In the context of high oil prices, the main commodity was operating well: in the first quarter of 2022, crude oil prices rose significantly \triangleright and, in the context of high oil prices and weak demand, the company income was relatively stable and net in return for the same period.
This is still over $4 billion, mainly because the company’s oils and aromatics transmissions are still relatively smooth, and projects such as refining, pta-new materials are running smoothly. At the end of the raw material, the average crude oil intake is + new materials, and integration is intensified up and down.
Project 2021.04.26 discloses an increase in the amount of $4.23 billion in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies during the reporting period.
Helium petrochemicals (600346): The landscape was significantly higher than in the fourth quarter of 2021 than the corporate performance ring, which benefited mainly from a recovery in the performance of refined products and an increase in the layout of “smelting +”
New projects are moving forward, looking forward to long-term corporate growth: in the first quarter of 2022, companies purchased solid assets, intangibles and other long-term assets paid cash by 68.22 per cent more than in the same year, ringed large chemical platforms and opened up new material collars.
With the planned completion of production in the second quarter of 2022, the project will achieve an annual sales value of over $21.2 billion, with an average annual profit of about $1.2 billion; 800,000 tons of functional concentrate, a steady increase in profits and a second-growth space.
In 2024, 800,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane/functional plastics project, 1.5 million tonnes/year of new green multifunctional textile materials project, 300,000 tonnes/year of new adipic acid material package project, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins and new materials project, 2.6 million tonnes/year high-performance polyester project also cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of 9 Townstown West, Beijing
A production line, with an annual capacity of 1.6 billion square metres, is expected to grow from 2023, further developing the layout of the company’s market for new energy materials for downstream chemical industries. As new projects are accelerated and followed by production, the company will continue to contribute to the growth of its performance, and the company will grow up in the future.
Launching of the Stakeholder Scheme and stock buy-backs to give life to the growth of the company: in order to create and improve mechanisms for the sharing of the interests of workers and owners, and to create a community of interests between employees and shareholders, the company announced on 4 March 2022 that it would implement the sixth Stakeholder Scheme, which was adopted.
Fund-raising for the legal remuneration of company employees, self-financing, special financial products, etc., totalling $9.86 billion, the ratio of financing to self-financing does not exceed 1:1, of which constant strength.
The ceiling on the purchase of company shares is $2.48 billion. As of 30 April 2022, the sixth period of the company ' s employee holdings plan had accumulated 64.940 million shares through a centralized competitive exchange, making a contribution of 1,516 million yuan, or 0.92% of the company ' s total stock.
At the beginning of 2022, the third and fourth equity buyback plans were introduced, with the third buyback plan completed, amounting to $1 billion for the company, and the plan was completed at the top. On May 6, the fourth round returned 4.99 million shares, or 0.64 per cent of the company’s total stock.
With total funding reaching the bottom of the buy-back scheme of $1 billion, the buy-back stock will be used entirely for the ongoing benefits of the \triangleright project for employees, relying on the “big chemical” platform to develop new chemical materials.
Maintenance of corporate “buy-in” ratings. Risk factors: significant oil price shocks; new capacity construction less advanced than expected; new capacity contribution \triangleright
Performance has fallen short of expectations and the price of raw materials has fluctuated considerably; the risk of continued profit spreads due to increased domestic pta production capacity; the risk of excess refining capacity; the risk of slow restoration of downstream profits; the risk of carbon neutrality and “policy increases” for the petrochemical sector; and the risk of global economic recovery falling short of expectations.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the industrial chain such as crude oil prices, oil field extraction, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. 2021 Components were not, were not, and would not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion presented in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.