q1 performance exceeded expectations, and the advantages of refining integration were fully demonstrated
• Q1 performance exceeded expectations, corporate profitability remained robust in the rise in crude oil, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. On 29 April, the company issued a first-quarter report in 2022, q1 achieved a revenue of $53.397 billion, or 0.31 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $4.23 billion, or 2.71 per cent, and the company's performance was over-expected.
The Division has launched a large-scale employee holding program, a continuous downstream placement of new material items, and we firmly value the company, revalued it, and maintained a “buy-in” rating.
q1 Q1 achieved 53.397 billion yuan and ring +14.81 per cent; net profit for mothers was 4,223 million yuan, ring + 49.80 per cent; net profit for non-mothers was 4,114 million yuan, ring +64.17 per cent. q1 refined, but sales of refined products increased 88.29 per cent. q1 coal prices were lower than q4, but oil was lower.
Prices have risen significantly, with q1 crude oil gaining an average of 3,871.59 yuan per ton, according to operating data. q1 company Maori is 15.46%, with a rise in the ring ratio compared to q4. In the context of the price pressure on the end product, the cost-end crude oil has risen significantly, the firm has resisted the pressure, the sales of the refinery products have remained at a significant increase in the ring ratio, and its refinery profitability is in sight.
• The company has the power to extend downstream as a refinery tap, and the new chemical material plate is growing, and according to the 2021 report, the company will introduce the wet-method lithium cell diaphragm production lines of Chipo, Japan, and the Qinghua Federation, The Corporate Information Update Report - Renovating High Performance.
On March 3, the Department released a large-scale employee holding plan, Corporate Information Update - Large-scale Staff Holdings, and launched a public announcement on the construction of 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin and new materials and 2.6 million tons of high-performance polyester engineering.
We see that the company’s value as a vanguard of refining will be re-evaluated. The stock program highlights the strong development confidence of the vanguard of refining.
Down, watch the downstream extension of the silicon tap.