Resource and Environmental Research Center stock is past, incrementally triggering the future! Cost-side hikes to compressed stock chain profits: crude oil prices and coal in the fourth quarter of 2021.
1. " Large $24 billion projects have come in the medium and long term, with monthly crude oil and coal procurement prices of $3262.7 and $849 per ton, respectively, increasing by the same year, as raw materials have increased at the end of the scale, with narrow price differentials leading to profit underwriting. "
3. Seven Sheets of Power! - Biannual Review of Helium Fossilization, 2021.816 tonnes/year high-performance resins and new materials project, 2.6 million tonnes of high-performance polyester project and lithium diaphragm
The High Growth! - Helium Stone Project is expected to contribute to further improvements in the industrial chain layout of the company.
The increase in end demand for products such as dmc, abs, etc. comes mainly from the new energy new material market, where the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kang Fu, introduces 12 wet-method lithium battery diaphragm production lines, capable of producing 1.6 billion square metres in the postnatal year.
With the extension of the field of materials and new energy sources, it is hoped that the company’s QC curve will open. The current price hub at the end of the raw material end will continue to run, while the end value-added product will take time to build, profit projections, and, under the industry’s extreme climate scenario, the helium petrochemical forecast 2022-2024.
1. Risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices; 2. Deterioration of critical demand for end demand 3. Geopolitical risk 4. Project construction at a slower pace than expected of significant exchange rate fluctuations of $5.6. Other force majeure effects,1 higher upstream raw material prices and persistent pressure on chain price differentials
Helium petrochemicals revealed the annual report 2021 on about 6 April 2022, and the revenue from the year 2021 was $8.8 billion, an increase of 29.9 per cent from 2020 and a net return to the mother of $15.531 billion, while the price of raw materials rose steadily in the second half of 2021, with reference to the history of the quarter 2021.
Camp data on the purchase price of crude oil and coal in January-December 2021 at $3262.7 and $849 per ton, respectively, while the price of final product sales rose less than the price of raw materials, and the average weighted sale price of products in January-December 2021 was approximately $4783 per ton compared to January-June 2021.
At the same time affected by the cost end, by a single-chain balance of supply and demand, cost end-end prices rose significantly and end-end sales prices increased less than raw materials, resulting in persistently narrow inter-chain price differentials and firm profits under constant pressure.
Figure 2: Weighted average single-ton sales price and price differentials for helium smelting, while price increases for end-products were lower than the cost end in 2022, inter-chain price differentials continued to shrink and the Helium petrochemical whole-sector price differentials were already in place in March 2022
At the bottom of the historical percentage, a combination of factors, such as the limited marginal increase in the production of shale oil, which is less than expected owing to the global geopolitical proliferation, the hub of crude oil prices, or continued upswings, has led to weighting differentials or the persistence of historical lows in the whole of the company’s chain.
In the case of feedstock end-of-end cost centres or continuous upswings, and uncertainty about end-of-product price transmission, we use conservative industry extreme weather bottom scenarios, i.e. products, based on industry-wide large-scale loss assumptions, are deeply processed on a continuous layout, and multi-industry chain layout opens up a secondary growth curve.
Reference is made to the Helium Fossilization Annual Report, where helium petrochemical layouts produced 800,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane, functional plastics, 1.6 billion tiles of lithium diaphragm, 1.6 million tons of high-performance resins and new materials, and 2.6 million tons of high-performance polyesters per year.
These include biphenola, isopropanol, ethylene oxide, polycarbonate, electron dmc (including ec, emc and dec), abs, gpps, hips, ethanolamine, pdo, ptmeg, etc., where products such as electron dmc, polycarbonate ester, abs and lithium diaphragms are used in new energy and new materials industries.
Once the technology is overtaken, new energy- or semiconductor-materials enterprises with the advantage of scalding the backbone of refining integration will also have a clear cost advantage and an integrated competitiveness, and the extension of the industrial chain is expected to increase the profitability of firms. At the same time, the end-product structure is enriched, driving the process of deep processing of the industrial chain.
Both the high-growth new energy and new materials industries are expected to add further value to the end-marketing product.
1. The risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between prices of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and large single-way fluctuations in oil prices will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability;
2. Serious deterioration in demand for terminals: Most of the chemicals integrated with persistent petrochemicals are intermediate products that are subject to over-anticipated changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain. The need to consider the price of oil while downstream consumption, packaging, automobiles, infrastructure, etc., can also have an impact on the demand for chemicals;
3. Geopolitical risks: raw materials end-points include, but are not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil caused by sudden events, or major increases in the supply of crude oil caused by sudden events, end-use sales that include, but are not limited to, the imposition of taxes on China ' s exports of suffocation products, anti-dumping investigations by South-East Asian countries against China ' s Changsi;
4. The project is not as fast as expected: several persistent fossilized projects are under construction, such as projects that are less advanced than expected or have an impact on profit projections; 5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: crude oil purchases are in United States dollars and revenue ends are settled in renminbi
Mainly, the day-to-day operation requires the purchase of United States dollars, the sale of the renminbi, the completion of settlements, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or a negative impact on the performance of the company; 6. Other force majeure effects;
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment