On March 30, 2019, the company published its annual report for 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating revenues of $49,872 million, an increase of 6.49 per cent over the same period; a net operating profit of $20,294 million was realized, and the capital business grew steadily with the help of the application.
In terms of sub-operations, the main operating income of capital construction operations, capital accounting operations, dredging operations and other operations was $43,488 million, $31,557 million, $32,774 million and $12,426 million, respectively, with a faster increase in joint income and an increase in capital construction business income, mainly due to investment-type projects at the ppp level.
The increase in base-building revenue, mainly due to the increased revenue contribution of large integrated projects, the decrease in revenue from dredging operations, mainly due to the reduction of traditional dredging projects, as a result of environmental policies, and the increase in revenue from other operations, mainly due to the manufacture of ex-Hungarian equipment during the reporting period
Other subsidiaries of the block are included in other business accounts, as well as because of the sale of assets by the subsidiaries.
China Handover (601,800): 51 per cent return on investment, operating income declining at a quarterly rate, mainly in the second half of the year, with a rapid decline in capital investment in the country;
The decline in income from overseas areas was due to the higher base of the railway project on the east coast of Malaysia for the same period the previous year.
There has been a slight decline in the Māori rate for capital construction and dredging operations, and there has been some impact on the Māori rate for Zhenhua heavy labourers 13.35 per cent, a decrease of 0.41 percentage points over the same period; by category, 12.24 per cent for capital construction operations, Māori operations, dredging operations and other operations, respectively.
The decline in the Māori rate of base-building operations was due mainly to lower levels of profitability for large-scale integrated projects: profits amounted to $20,294 million, an increase of 11.9 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the combined effects of Zhenhua heavy labour during the previous year, which did not include corresponding data for the Hwang heavy labour and its subsidiaries in the reporting period; net interest rates during the reporting period were net.
4.13 per cent, or 0.28 percentage points less than in the same year, and the growth in the purchase orders has slowed, with a significant increase in the design business. In 2018, the company signed a new contract amounting to RMB 89,873 million, an increase of 1.12 per cent.
Capital construction operations, base construction operations, dredging operations and other operations, respectively, amount to 770994 million yuan, 49087 million yuan, 56,983 million yuan, 19,646 million yuan and 13,809 million yuan, project type and geographical distribution, port construction, roads and bridges, railway construction, municipal and environmental protection, etc.
New contracts for overseas works amount to $27,284 million, $31,7534 million, $8,678 million, $26,646.6 million and $15,032 million, respectively, representing 4 per cent of the new contracts for capital construction operations, and, in the new contracts, $15,90.13 million for operations originating from overseas areas (approx.)
A total of $23.532 million, or approximately 18 per cent of the company’s newly signed contracts. Of this total, capital construction operations were new contracts in which businesses recognized contracts in the form of ppp investment-type projects in the amount of $15,225 million (of which equity projects recognized contracts in the proportion of equity in the amount of $37,951 million) and accounted for the Group’s newly signed contracts.
The asset-liability rate continues to improve, and the financial cost rate has declined significantly. At the same time, in terms of operational capacity, the turnover of inventory and receivables has slowed.
The cost of sales and management costs remained almost the same during the reporting period, while the financial cost rate decreased considerably (by 0.59 percentage points), mainly as a result of currency exchange gains realized as a result of exchange rate movements, as well as gains on shareholdings based on the new income of the Chinese heavy industry and the disposal of financial assets and other long-term equity investments.
The project contract value target is expected to be $150 billion; the business income target is planned to increase at no less than the same rate; the rate of the capital increase will return; the “one-way” summit is expected to promote overseas business development; the firm is well-ordered, performing with good performance security and maintaining an “uptake” rating.
(b) Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: Overseas market risk, changing international economic and political situation risk:
The sales team at the peband Academy. The sound of Cho.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.