Ideal Electric (002028.sz) 30-carriage of deep-farm electrical equipment, acquisition of carbon-crystal power to create a second-growth curve
Investment rating: Bought (first rating)
During the reporting period, the company ' s productive activities were affected by the external environment, including fluctuations in the international political and economic situation, the new crown epidemic, the rise in overseas transport costs, the price of bulk materials and exchange rate fluctuations. In the face of challenges, companies continued to refine core technology and manufacturing power, continuously improving and improving their operations,
We expect to concentrate our investment in the grid in 2023, due to the fact that the country’s multiple distribution of the epidemic has been less advanced than expected. 2) Companies are based on power equipment, robust layout super-container technology, and explore the application of electronic and power-forming storage scenarios for cars.
Crystal carbon equity, which will hold 70.4 per cent of its shares upon completion of the acquisition, will increase corporate ownership and decision-making in the carbon-crystalization business, and will facilitate the establishment of 30 vehicles, which will become the leading power equipment enterprise, Thinking and Electric Co. Ltd. was established in December 1993 and placed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in August 2004 for the current transmission and distribution of power equipment.
A small number of enterprises in the industry with the capacity to develop, manufacture, and solve products such as electrical systems once (traditional mechanical, electrical), secondary (control) and electrical sub-equipment. Since the company’s establishment, the chain of industries has expanded, and so far it has more than 10 manufacturing entities in Shanghai, such as Changzhou, Nanjing, and the products cover super-pressure, high-pressure switches, transformers, relays, etc.
In the specialized fields of care and automation systems, incompetence compensation devices, measuring and monitoring devices, electrical and electrical equipment, and automobile electronics, the company’s main owners are the National Electricity Network Company, the Southern Power Network Company, the five major power companies and their subsidiaries, local electricity companies, and orbital transport, oil, and industrial and mining enterprises.
The company and its main subsidiaries produce and sell 500 kv and below gis and gil, 750kv and below sf6 circuit breakers and isolation switches, 500kv and below, 1,000kv and below, and 220kv and below.
As of February 20, 20, 2023, companies have acquired 41.2% of the carbon and business changes have not yet been completed, while plans are under way to acquire 19.2% of the carbon and, if the acquisition is completed, the contours will hold 70.4% of the carbon.
Mr. Dong has graduated from Shanghai Transport University and is currently Chairman of the Shanghai City Council, a member of the Shanghai City Council, a member of the Shanghai City Youth Association, and a director of Jiangsu Province, such as High Voltage Electric Company Ltd., and Jiangsu.
Mr. Chen Bongdong has graduated from the Chinese University of Technology and is currently the Vice-President and Chief Engineer of the company. He was awarded the Golden Award in 2000 for the Advanced Science and Technology Worker of the Quantico District, and has also served as Chairman of Jiangsu Province, such as High Voltage Electrical Company, and Chairman of Jiangsuth Genghezi Sensor Company, among others.
The main products of the company are the R & D, production, marketing, and services of the transmission and distribution equipment.
Neutral spot feeder products, electrical resisters, sensors, transformers, oil chromatography and online monitoring systems; non-functional compensation types and related products refer to electrical electronics sets, electrical capacitors, currents; smart equipment types and related products refer to power station automation and relay protection systems; and epc refers to general engineering contracting, i.e. full-time or several phases of contractual contracting for the design, procurement, construction, etc. of engineering projects.
In the electricity, metallurgy, petrochemicals, coal mines, Electrified railways, utilities, etc., a number of national priority projects, such as the Shanghai magnetic suspension, the upper Haitian iron, the East China Sea Bridge, the Qin Shan nuclear power plant, the cloud wide 800 kv t high voltage transmission, the Beijing Olympics project, and the Shanghai Expo, companies have been ranked in the first line of the industry for years in the area of medium- and high-pressure electrical equipment.
The winning shares of 12% and 21% are ranked fourth and second in the winning combination of electrical appliances and circuit breakers, and are the only domestic private enterprise in the top five. The company sets additional contractual targets at the beginning of each year. The actual additions to the orders correspond, historically, to the targets set at the beginning of the year.
Figure 8: Market patterns for tender breakers for network equipment in 2022 (%)  Ping Gaeon Electric  Taiqing Electrician  Thi   Shandong Electrician  Other markets such as electronics/stores for sound layout cars, based on the electricity industry know-how
The company insists on the technical layout of the super-container, promoting the application of motor electronics, power-forming storage sites, based mainly on the control of the company Shanghai Télétech Co. Ltd. and the participating subsidiary U.S. S.T.T.S.E.S.S.A.S.S.A.S.A.T.E.T.E.T.E.L.A.S.A.S.S.A.S.A.S.A.T.A.S.A.S.A.T.A.T.A.
The subsidiary Sechsa has acquired the agreed distribution point for the super-clerical supply of the internationally recognized Automobile Electronics Parts and Components Corporation.Crystal carbon was established in 2010 as a national high-technology enterprise engaged in the development, production and sale of power-forming storage devices, such as super-volcanics, and the introduction of edlc and hybrid super-containers (huc) have been used in leading global car brands, as well as in major national and international knowledge.
A manufacturer of electrical equipment, a company that has been involved in several FM demonstration projects of the national grid, in which the new energy base project in Zhang Norte, China, has operated for five years without malfunctioning. The carbide is one of the few companies that possess the core technology and critical materials of the super-container that manufactures dry process electrodes. The main products to be produced include dry electrode, super-container monomer, super-container modules, and storage energy systems.
The dominance and decision-making power in the crystal-carbon business will facilitate further integration of technological and market advantages between the two, thereby promoting the application of the super-container in related areas, consistent with the company’s long-term development strategy. In recent years, companies have continued to consolidate domestic grid markets, focus on breaking out of overseas markets, further increase market ownership, and boost their branding influence.
In addition, the company has further enhanced its ability to provide comprehensive services to meet the growing demand for corporate solutions by actively exploring new business opportunities such as flexible direct transmissions, auto electronics, middle-pressure switches, holsters, smart carriers, etc. to ensure sustained and leading growth dynamics in the industry. In 2017-2021, the company ' s operating income was 18 per cent cagr, and its net profit was 48 per cent.
Income shows a more marked seasonality, with an upward trend in the size of the harvest in the first to fourth quarters of each year; the net profits of a company are more evenly distributed in the first quarter of the year in which they are normal, and in the last three years they have been more volatile as a result of a multi-distribution epidemic. Figure 15: Gross profits of the company ' s sub-products (in millions of yuan)
The highest rates are found in the circulatory and related products. For many years, the Māori rate has fluctuated considerably as a result of stable market patterns and client structures dominated by large power grid companies, a relatively stable Māori rate for all types of company products, and an epc business influenced by changes in the landscape of the engineering-based industry and uncertainties in engineering operations.
The early triangulation of 2022 has had a negative impact on companies’ production operations, logistics transport, and the supply of raw materials, with a rise in the price of key raw materials, including silicon steel, copper, aluminium, and so on. The company’s Māori ratio is 25.6%, a decrease of 5.54 percentage points from the same period last year. With the apparent rebound in prices of the bulk of raw materials in the second half of the 22nd year, the company’s Māori ratio is expected to recover.
The company continuously optimizes key processes such as “from clues to cash”, “integrator product development”, “integrator engineering delivery”, “integrity supply chain” and continuously optimizes the operational links, progressively progresses towards standardization, processization, refinement, automation, informationization of the entire process.
Companies set annual collection targets at the beginning of each year, with real corporate revenue since 2019 exceeding targets slightly. Since 2018, sales/research and development (R & D)/management costs have been effectively amortized, with a rapid increase in the size of the company’s revenue, and three cost rates have shown a downward trend.
In 2023, during the “14th Five” period, the national grid plan invested 2.4 trillion yuan, the Southern grid plan invested about 670 billion yuan, and the combined investment of the two major grid companies would amount to 3.07 trillion yuan. In terms of investment, the national grid focused on ultra-high pressure, while the South Net focused on grid distribution.
On the south side of the grid, the planned investment in grid distribution is expected to reach $32 billion, or about 48% of the total investment.
In 2022, as a result of multiple rounds of transmission of the epidemic, investment in the grid was only 501.2 billion yuan a year, down from the expected level, while investment in the electricity grid was relatively small, reaching 72.8 billion yuan a year, and was again unprecedented, with a further increase in investment in the grids/power sources. In January this year, the country’s electricity grid was clearly stated that investment in the grid was expected to exceed 520 billion yuan a year.
With the spread of the epidemic and the growing pressure on new sources of energy, we expect to reach six in 2023. On the international front, affected by the ongoing epidemic in recent years, the world has been under tremendous pressure for economic development, and most of the world is increasing its investment in infrastructure.
To benefit from this, the company’s annual operating income and the volume of new orders have continued to rise. Electricity distribution equipment in developed regions such as Europe, North America, etc. in overseas markets has operated for many years, with larger replacement spaces, and electricity infrastructure in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc. is lagging behind.
Switches and related products: these include, inter alia, combined appliances, circuit breakers, isolation switches, etc. The company currently earns mainly from grid companies, which are more relevant to the investment in the grid, and the combined appliances are expected to gradually replace the ais share, with a more stable industry pattern. Camp 2022-2024 is expected to cover the coils and related products: these include intersensors, electrical resisters, transformers, etc. The company has a higher market for sensors, electrical resisters, etc.
Field shares and industry slogans, transformers are new business for companies in recent years, and future sales are expected to increase faster than plate growth. Incompensation and related products are expected: such products are mainly used on the side of new energy generation and industry users, with stronger competition than in-network operations; the share of the public sector is expected to remain relatively stable and the Maori rate is expected to be affected by competition in the industry. Business earnings are projected to be 2022-2024, respectively.
Smart equipment and related products: mainly power station automation and relay protection systems, secondary equipment for the grid, higher barriers to entry, company operations epc: the company ' s share of the company ' s main product market is boosted through the general contracting of engineering and the opening of overseas markets. As the epidemic unfolds, company sales costs and management costs have slightly declined over the years as the scale of sales expands, a slight decline is expected since then; due to the company ' s presence in the market.
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company’s reasonable value range. The company is a domestic power grid first-time equipment leader with a high market position and a leading share in the combination of electrical appliances, gis, ais, isolation switches, circuit breakers, and so on.
In 2023, the country’s electricity grid is expected to be more than $520 billion in investment, creating a historic high, with super-pressure expected to be ready for intensive approval and start-up, power grid construction is expected to rise in an explosive fashion, and companies will benefit fully as industry leaders. In addition, companies will continue to move forward.
In the application of auto electrical and power-type storage scenarios, the super-volcanic energy is expected to help companies build a second-growth curve in the future, based on the robust progress of carbon-based carbon-based and Shanghai-based rice. An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations
This absolute valuation is more sensitive to equity capital costs than to the cost of ke and the rate of constant growth, and the table below is a sensitive choice for comparable companies with regard to changes in the absolute value of companies with regard to these two factors: the company is a leading power plant, and the lead business, market position, is closer to the state electricity, Nanxi, Xu Xu, and flat-high electricity, thus choosing the companies mentioned above as comparable companies.
New directions such as electrical grid secondary equipment, transformers, super-volcanic technology based on the advantages of power equipment operations, followed by expected motor power, are calculated on the basis of more hypothetical assumptions, particularly the calculation of free cash flows for companies over the next few years, equity financing calculations, assumptions about the growth rate of the Benke, and the choice of valuation parameters for comparable companies, all of which include a large number of individual judgements, leading to the selection of valuation parameters.
The risk of bias in the valuation, as follows:1 The risk of optimistic estimates of future better earnings and profit growth for the company over the long term, resulting in high free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, leading to optimistic valuations;
2. The valuation of the company is influenced more by the cost of equity fundske, the risk-free rate of 2.80 per cent that we apply to the calculation of ke, and the risk premium of 5.50 per cent of the stock risk premium being lower, resulting in a risk of overvaluation of the company’s valuation;3 and the assumption that the company’s tv growth rate will be 2.5 per cent after 10 years, and that the downstream industry of the company’s products will consist mainly of electricity systems, offshore wind power, etc., for the time being.
Good growth and a higher downstream demand climate, but in the future there is a possibility that industry growth will slow down or even decline, so companies will continue to grow at a low or negative level, leading to a risk of overvalued companies: relative valuation: we focus mainly on the 23-year company valuation, opting for the 23-year average of a comparable company as a reference, and ultimately judging the company for 22 years.
Differences between factors and patterns of competition in markets and high valuation levels in the industry as a whole have resulted from a decline in the price of major raw materials in companies such as copper, aluminium, silicon steel, as a result of the continuing rise in prices, increased market competition and the expansion of companies in the same industry, as a result of a decline in the prices and rates of major products of companies.
Powerless chip supply is tight: the company's powerless device-type products need to use the power chip, and the supply of the power chip worldwide is still tight, with a promising link between the second half of 2023 and 2024. If the chip is released at a slower pace than expected, the company can sell the powerless product, and the grid is under-invested: the electricity network investment pace has a significant impact on the company's performance, and if the electricity network is invested at a lower pace or in a lower amount than expected.
The growth in performance is likely to be affected. The level of profitability in overseas markets is lower than expected: overseas markets are affected by a combination of war, politics, law, labour, etc., and are subject to greater uncertainty.
Industry competition has increased: some of the company’s operations are directed to the off-grid market, competition has become more intense, the company’s revenues from some of its products have increased and there is a high rate of Māori, and repeated outbreaks in the country have the potential to affect normal production and delivery, making the company’s sales earnings and profits less predictable.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author