• Investment logic: 1. The company is the leader of the domestic medical imaging facility, which was added to the multi-product line in 2020.
2. At present, the high-end products of medical video equipment in the country are still dominated by imports. The Department has maintained high R & D inputs over the years, has covered the full-line high-end image equipment and is expected to accelerate import substitution in the area of high-end imagery equipment; 3.
Poo, Siemens, “gps” non-native areas account for more than 50 per cent of income, companies now account for less than 10 per cent of the revenue abroad, and in the future, as channels are laid and product influences are gradually raised, overseas, leading companies that are investing in the construction of high-end medical imaging equipment with continuous research and development: corporate products
Line-covering diagnostic products such as mr, ct, mi, xr, dr, etc., as well as rt, etc., have been introduced to the market for over 80 products. The company has a talent strategy of up to 36% in 21 years.
Many high-end video products, including super-high end ct. At the same time, companies are working to produce their own parts and components, and are now fully self-produced, such as mr full-product lines, ct detectors, etc., and have become leading companies in high-end medical video equipment.
• The year 2020 was one of the top years of the multi-product line additions, a high-end market-substitution space: in recent years, we have made great strides in the national production of video equipment, but the high-end image equipment is still dominated by imported companies. According to company statistics, companies ranked 1.5t and 3.0tmr first and second, respectively, in 2020.
Fourth; 64 below and fourth in number I and 64 above; Pete/ct and pet/mr products are ranked first in terms of their share of new domestic markets; Dr and mobiledr products are ranked second and first, respectively, in terms of their share of new domestic markets.
There is still plenty of alternative space in the field of high-end video equipment, such as ct. above, and we believe that as corporate product power is further validated and policy support for home-grown enterprises is encouraged, companies are expected to take a further share in high-end markets in the future.
▪ The company is still at a high pace and is operating abroad for the future: the company's business model is similar to that of the international medical giant gps (ge, Siemens, Philips), but there are still significant differences in the volume of income. Moreover, internationalization is one of the most obvious features of the gps, which is collected in non-native areas.
At its inception, the joint vision was to be a world-class leader in medical innovation, with income from offshore operations rising as a proportion of major businesses in recent years, and income from overseas markets expected to rise steadily from 2019.
Autonomous innovation to accelerate research and development, competing for medical video leading companies 1.1. Deep-farming medical images for more than a decade. Nationally produced medical video equipment flagship. Shanghai United Television and Technology Inc. was established in 2011 to provide high-performance medicine to global clients.
The company’s headquarters are located in Shanghai, while regional headquarters and research and development centres have been established in the United States of America, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Poland, etc., to carry out the production of energy in Shanghai, Changzhou, Wuhan, Houston, and to establish a global network of research, development, production and services.
The company has accumulated over 80 products to the market, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computer fault-scanning systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), molecular image systems (pet/ct, pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator systems (rt) and life science instruments.
Hospitals, of which the top 10 medical institutions in the country are corporate users, and the top 50 medical institutions, where companies use autonomous innovation to accelerate research and development and construct complete product line layouts. The company’s main product and operations cover a wide range of disciplines and fields such as computer hardware and software, electronics, applied physics, clinical medicine, radioscience.
After many years of intensive research and development efforts to capture core technologies in large medical equipment areas such as medical imaging equipment and radiotherapy products, the company has built whole product line layouts including medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, life sciences instruments.
The equity structure is concentrated, and the core employee interests are deeply tied to the employee holding platform. The firm’s equity structure is concentrated, and the controlling person is Xue Min, calculated on the basis of the release of 10 million shares (the same), and Xue Min’s share in Shanghai is 28.01% by direct or indirect control of the joint film group, Shanghai Shadows, Shanghai Shadows, Shanghai Shadows.
Ningbo Film Man and Ningbo Film Condolence, which together hold 8.56 per cent of the share in the joint video medical staff platform. The second largest shareholder, Shanghai Union and 16.38 per cent of the shares. As at 31 December 2021, there were 830 holders of the company ' s employee holding scheme, mainly current staff of issuers and those who made significant contributions to the issuer, through the employee holding the stock table, the company was deep.
Globalization, diversification, and broadening the company’s moats. The company’s internationalization is perfect, with 14 offshore affiliates, including the United States, Japan, etc., with overseas affiliates divided into the Americas, Europe, Asia, and others.
Four major branches in Africa and Oceania open up diversified products that meet the needs of different regions and countries. The company’s 10 domestic affiliates’ main business deals mainly with high-end imaging equipment, new crystal material, medical systems software, etc., complete a diversified subsidiary layout and further expand the company’s protection of the river.
Founder and core management team: Industry is experienced and committed to providing high-performance medical imagery to global clients. The co-founder of the joint film medicine, Mr. Xue Min and Mr. Zhang Qiang, a doctor alumni, co-founded it in 2011. Dr. Xue has been working in research and development, management, consulting, etc. in the medical equipment industry since returning home in 1998; Zhang Qiang
Doctors have also worked for many years in medical video equipment, with extensive industry experience, and have led teams on many occasions to tackle high-end medical video equipment priorities and difficult projects. Mr. Qin Jian, Vice-President of the company, Mr. Guoshengtan, among others, have done different things with the company’s management and experience in managing and operating its investments.
With many years of experience in the fields of investment management, legal and medical software development. 1.2. Revenues, profits and business conditions continue to improve.
For 52.76 per cent, in the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $1,659 million, an increase of 20.04 per cent over the same period; on the profit side, the company had not been profitable until 2020 because of significant R & D investment, and in 2020, the company had expanded its operations and increased revenue by developing customized modules to respond to the need for disease control and by building a heat clinic in Shanghai.
The company sold medical video equipment predominantly and the medical image series was rich. The company’s main business income was from the sale of equipment, the company’s main business.
The three components of the maintenance services and software operations consist mainly of the sale of medical video equipment, including mr, ct, xr, mi and rt. In 2021, the sales of equipment accounted for 91.31 per cent and the maintenance, labour, etc. for 6.06 per cent, while the sales of products other than xr were kept up faster and sales increased.
Of these, ct products achieved sales revenue of RMB 3.42 billion in 2021, with the highest compound growth rate of Māori on product lines between 2018 and 2021, with 64 per cent on product lines in 2021, followed by 50 per cent on product lines, Xr, rt, and mr, whose sales revenue is mostly domestic and foreign revenues have risen rapidly in recent years.
In 2019-2021, the company continued to expand its offshore operations, the cost of internal operations remained stable and the cost of R & D increased. The cost of company sales grew year by year with the expansion of the company’s business, reaching $1.03 billion in 2021 and a sales cost of 14.19 per cent, which remained stable overall;
In terms of management costs, the share payments in 2020 were about 150 million more than in 2019, with a small increase in management costs between 2019 and 2021 when the shares were eliminated, and the rate of management costs decreased as the scale of sales increased. Companies have focused on R & D inputs, new products and new technologies that are available and technological improvements and that may lead to future changes in the industry.
The market for medical imagery has continued to grow, the global market for medical equipment has expanded steadily, the market for medical equipment has grown rapidly in China, and the market for medical equipment in China has grown rapidly. According to the Quest Consultancy data, the global market for medical equipment has expanded steadily.
The size of the arms market continued to grow steadily in 2015-2019 and was disturbed by the epidemic in 2020, when it declined to $440 billion, but with the gradual recovery of the epidemic and the global demand for stable medical devices, the global market for medical devices is expected to grow to $818 billion at a composite growth rate of 6.3 per cent for the period 2020-2030.
Despite our late start, China’s market for medical devices has grown rapidly with the country’s overall strength, the high standard of living, and the pressing demands of population ageing. According to Qualified counselling data, the size of China’s market for medical devices has grown from 312.5 billion yuan to 778.93 billion yuan in 2015-2020, with a year-on-year compound increase.
With technological catch-up, the country's medical equipment market is expected to seize the opportunity of import substitution and achieve a breakthrough from medium- and low-end to high-end products. China's medical equipment market is expected to be more than 220 billion yuan in 2030, with a compound increase in 2020-2030.
Not only household medical devices, high-value consumables, low-value consumables and ivd, 20 per cent, 16 per cent, 13 per cent and 12 per cent respectively.
Medical imaging equipment can be used for diagnostics and treatments. Medical imaging equipment is the market for the highest technical barriers in the medical equipment industry. Medical imaging equipment can be used for diagnosis and treatment, divided into diagnostic imaging equipment and therapeutic imaging equipment. Diagnostic imaging equipment includes magnetic resonance imaging (mr) equipment, X-ray computer fault scan imaging (ct) devices.
In recent years, a number of multisectoral policies have been put in place to encourage the development of medical images and therapeutic devices and to promote the national production of medical devices.
e.g., pre-2018, pet/ct belonging to category A equipment, under the unified management of the National Health Board, after the issuance of the April 2018 circular on the management of the catalogue of permits for large-scale medical equipment configuration (2018), the configuration of pet/ct was decentralized to the provincial health sector, and the allocation of pet/ct to medical institutions was relatively relaxed; the May 2021 Government procurement
The Guidance Standards for the Review of Imports (2021 edition) require government procurement of medical mri, pet/ct, pet/mr, and dr equipment to purchase all national products.
The market for medical video equipment and therapeutic devices is expanding, and domestic equipment is developing opportunities based on its high value for money and its increasing technical and clinical performance. According to the CS, the market for medical images in the country reached 53.7 billion yuan in 2020 and is expected to be marketed in 2030.
The global mr market is growing steadily, and the domestic mr market is replacing large space. The MRI (mr) is a landmark medical diagnostic tool with static and radio frequency magnetic fields.
The nucleotide detects the moment of nucleotide, thus reflecting human organ abnormalities and early pathologies from within human molecules. mr's imaging principles can be easily understood to mean that atoms that were randomly rotated in the role of the static magnetic field, some of which rotated in the same direction as the magnetic field, in their entirety as a net magnetic vector, but the magnetic vector is not entirely static.
The magnetic field is in the same direction, but is moved from a zero angle, with the frequency being the La Mor frequency; if a perturbated magnetic field is applied to the magnetic vector, the discomfort direction of the magnetic field is vertical to the static magnetic field and the disturbance frequency is exactly the same as the Ramor frequency, there is a resonance. Then, when the perturbating magnetic field retreats, the atom returns to its original state, which is a state of uncertainty.
So that the signal can be captured, because the water content of the different tissues is different and the general disease tissues are more watery, so the hydrogen density of the regular tissues and the disease tissues varies from time to time, so that it can be restored by digital signal processing techniques, so that the mr's core parts can be roughly combed by mr's principles, i.e., the main magnet is used to create static magnetics.
Fields, gradient circles are used for space positioning codes, radio frequency loops are used to generate radio-frequency magnetic fields and to receive signals, and, in order to achieve a super-field-strong magnetic field, superconductive technology is required, which requires liquid nitrogen. mr’s principles determine that it has a clear image, no radiation, etc., and is more favourable to the image of a soft tissue.
The global market of mr has been growing steadily, updating the alternative-driven industrial development. According to the knowledge consultancy data, the global market size of mr reached $9.3 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach $14.51 billion in 2030, with a compound annual growth rate of 4.5 per cent.
The market size of the mainland market mr was $2.55 billion in 2020, and China ' s mr market pattern is projected to exceed that of the United States by 2022, and the market size of mainland China mr will increase rapidly from 10.6% of the composite growth rate to $6.98 billion in 2030.
In 2018, Japan and the United States had about 55.2 and 40.4 mr per million inhabitants, respectively, while China had about 9.7. In 2020, China still had a large gap.
The market is dominated by medium- and low-end mr, which is expected to become the main growth point in China ' s mr market in the future at the high end of 3.0t, with the ratio increasing from 25.0 per cent in 2020 to 40.2 per cent in 2030, from 1.5t to 3.0t, which will not only increase market capacity, but also provide vast growth space for national producers who have been making technological breakthroughs in recent years.
2.2.2. The Euro-American market is relatively mature, and our country is still in a period of rapid growth. The principle of ct is similar to xr. It also scans parts of the human body by x-rays, obtains fault interface images, and, after further image processing, obtains stereo images of the parts of the body, which allow for the detection of tissue or organ aberrations.
In physical terms, after X-raying of the high voltage piping on the rack, the probe receives the light signal and returns it to the control table. In the process, the rack rotates the rack through the electron, and the slidering achieves the feed and signal transfer of the rotating and static parts of the rack through the ctc as a common medical image device, scanning time and image is clear and usable for disease.
Since the birth of the first generation of ct in 1972, it has evolved to the fifth generation of ct. The first generation of ct can only do head scans, move by shifting rotations, scan x-ray beams into pen beams, and have only 1-2 detectors, so the first generation ct takes less data and takes longer. The second generation ct changes x-ray beams to fan beams, but still moves by way of fan beams.
It's smooth, so there's still a false shadow; third generation ct does not have to use the cable after the slider has been introduced, so the current system has been rotated continuously at 360 degrees. In addition, the achievement of multiple voltage techniques has further increased the velocity of scan ct and image longitudinal resolution; fourth generation ct is equivalent to only X-ray sources (placed near the detector and slightly tilted) on the shelf.
The third generation is now the most widely applied clinically because of its technological superiority and cost advantages. The annual compound growth rate is 5.7 per cent, and the market size of the global ct system is expected to reach about $21.54 billion in 2030, 2020-
The country's ct market has entered a relatively mature period, with the size of the European and American regional ct market in 2020 at $7.3 billion, and a composite growth rate of 3.3% to $10.1 billion in 2020-2030. The Asia-Pacific region has experienced a stronger growth momentum, with China's ct market growing fastest, with a gap in per capita holdings.
For 18.2 (one third of the United States), China's ageing population has increased its demand for medical examinations, investment in primary health-care facilities has increased under the graded medical policy, and the number of private hospitals in the social environment has been encouraged to grow to 17,270 million yuan annually, driven by the new crown epidemic, with an annual compound growth rate of 21.8 per cent and projected for 2030.
ct occupies major markets, and it is expected that by 2030 high end ct 64 and higher end ct and economic model ct for sunk markets will be the main growth point in the Chinese market.
xr can be used for the diagnosis of diseases such as chest, bone joints, breast diseases, etc., and can be divided into general x-ray machines (gxr) and intertwining x-ray machines (ixr), depending on the characteristics used, based on which X-rays can be penetrated through the tissue of the human body to receive and generate images of the human body.
The size of the global market for xr equipment in 2015 was $9.12 billion, reaching $11.34 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.8 per cent, and the Asia-Pacific region, owing to its large population, maintained its position as the world ' s largest market for xr. The Chinese market for xr rose in 2015-2019 in the middle and small c-arm markets. Although the market for xr equipment was relatively mature, we followed.
The market size of China ' s xr market was 8.26 billion yuan a year, compared to 12.38 billion yuan a year in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.4 per cent, and is expected to reach 20.6 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.2 per cent.
The high technology content of the market and the high potential of the Chinese market Molecular Image (mi) equipment, as a high-end medical imaging system, can be used for early detection of the stoves and for accurate diagnosis of cancer and brain function diseases, and has an indispensable advantage in tumour diagnosis, precision medicine and clinical medical research.
The typical expression of mi is pet/ct and pet/mr, which can be seen as a combination of pet and ct(mr). The basic principle of pet is that cancer cells metabolize significantly higher than normal cells, so that cancer cells take more glucose, and with radioisotope markers, the tissue releases more positive electrons, and the electrons are in the tissue.
His electron encounter extinguishes and releases the photon, a light signal that can be captured by a pet scanner, so that it can be imaged, but the pet image does not distinguish the anatomy structure to the extent of ct, so that the pet and ct are combined to understand both biological metabolic information and the anatomy of the pathogen.
From then on, the image of a soft tissue is more advantageous by providing information such as bleeding, distribution, injection, local biochemistry, metabolic state, oxygen consumption, etc., but the cost of the pet/ct check is also relatively high.
The global pet/ct market in 2015 was $2.4 billion, growing to $3.10 billion in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.2%, a relatively stable growth in the global pet/ct market size, and a slight slowdown in 2020 due to the expansion of the epidemic sector. The pet/ct market in the developed countries of Europe and the United States has entered a relatively mature period, benefiting from high-end medical demand.
High-tech breakthroughs and higher disposable per capita income, the Asia-Pacific region’s pet/ct market is still at a fast-growing stage. The global pet/ct market is expected to reach $5,80 billion in 2030, with a combined growth rate of China’s pet/ct market starting in 2020-2030, with very low per capita holdings.
There are only 0.61 holdings, about 5.73 in the United States, about 3.70 in Australia, about 2.86 in Belgium, and until April of that year, the pet/ct was a large category A medical device under the unified management of the National Health Board, which in some ways also limited the increase in the number of pet/ct machines. In 2015, the market in China was about 580 million yuan.
By 2020, 1.32 billion yuan had been achieved, with annual compounding growth of 17.9 per cent, and it was expected that China would be able to integrate ultra-high-end equipment in the field of medical imagery for Pete and mr in 2024, allowing diagnosis and analysis of malignant swelling patients. By the end of 2020, the number of installed devices in the world ' s pet/mr system was 200, mainly distributed.
In North America, Europe and China, China has 40 pet/mr installed. The global market size in 2015 was about $160 million, growing to $250 million in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 9.1 per cent. The global pet/mr market is saturated. The overseas ultrasound market is saturated, and there is still room for Chinese ultrasound.
Ultrasound diagnostic devices are medical devices that help diagnose diseases, using differences in the physical properties of ultrasound and the acoustic properties of tissues of human organs, in the form of waveforms, curves, or images. Markets in developed countries abroad are well advanced, and the market is saturated.
Emerging markets, including China, are still at the incremental market stage: on the one hand, population ageing, health awareness are leading to demand growth; on the other hand, innovations such as the integration of ultrasound technology with other medical images, and technological innovations in applications of landscapes have opened up new market space. The size of China ' s ultrasound equipment market in 2015 was 6.99 billion yuan, rising to 99.2 million yuan in 2020.
In 2030, China's market for ultrasound equipment is expected to grow to 216.2 billion yuan, 2.2.6.rt equipment remains primarily imported, and the national product plate replaces space-based radiotherapy equipment (RT) is an important treatment tool in the current treatment of oncology, including medical straight-line additions.
Speeders, gamma blades, cyberknife, tomothrapy, proton heavy ion equipment, etc., are more commonly used in China and abroad. At present, the two giants in China’s therapeutic equipment market, Walian and Koda, continue to account for most of the market, with China’s therapeutic equipment market amounting to 3.91 billion yuan in 2019.
In 2020, the size of the rt market fell significantly to $2.9 billion. As the epidemic gradually gets under control and requires a compound annual growth rate of 8.1 per cent, the life sciences market is currently dominated by foreign manufacturers.
Integrated life sciences solutions are systems that provide all the instruments, equipment, consumables and software needed for biomedical scientific research, crowd health management, diagnosis and treatment of diseases, drug research and development and production, bio-information security, etc.
The development of various video technologies plays an increasingly important role in animal research. The global market for integrated life science solutions has now developed a relatively mature system, and the major players in the market for animal imaging specialized equipment are foreign manufacturers, leading global companies, such as Danaher, Hermofisher, Becton, Dickinson, etc.
Large product systems and stable client groups. The global market for life science solutions was 53.7 billion dollars in 2015, rising to 67.3 billion dollars in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.3%.
3.1. The talent strategy continues to evolve, and research and development investment continues to grow. The quality and experience of the high-end medical equipment industry is very demanding and the need for cutting-edge talent is high.
Of the company ' s 5479 employees, 2,147, or 39.17%, of whom more than 500 have overseas studies or educational experience and are far ahead of similar companies, such as Van Dong and East Soft. In addition, 74.59% of the employees in the public sector have an undergraduate degree or higher, 231 have a doctorate, 1751 a master ' s degree, and a ratio of Sio Bo is high.
36.17 per cent The company has gained advantage in its pool of talent by attracting industry talent from a global perspective, forming a professional team with senior industry management and technical experience, continuing to include specialists and talent in the field of medical imagery on a global scale and adopting an effective incentive system
To realize the benefits of the development of the research and development talent-sharing company, as at 31 December 2021, the issuers ' shareholding scheme had 830 persons, mainly current staff members of the issuer and those who made significant contributions to the issuer, and 830 core management and technical staff held a combined 60 million shareholding schemes, with a total contribution of $147 million.
Building on the positive feedback generated by the talent strategy and equity incentives that have been advancing over the years, companies have developed a comprehensive pool of talent in the areas of core technology development, product design, pre-clinical research, clinical trials, approval registration, etc., which provides the driving force for the Department ' s continuous roll-out of new products and technological innovation.
14.76 per cent and 14.45 per cent. Compared to the world ' s leading medical equipment industry, the US$ 2,493 million research and development investment for the financial year 2020 was US$ 2,493 million, or 8.3 per cent of the sales for that year; the Philips medical investment for 2020 was US$ 2,181 million, or 9.1 per cent of the sales for that year; and the research and development investment for April 2020 was US$ 2,363 million, or 6.8 per cent of the sales for that year.
Since its inception, companies have focused on autonomous research and development and innovation in core technologies, which, through more than a decade of technological accumulation, have acquired core technology in high-end medical imaging and radiotherapy equipment, including critical technologies for core components.
Aeromagnetic technology, gradient coil technology, radio rim technology, spectrometer technology, gradient power amplifier technology, radio frequency power amplifier technology, pet detector technology, ct detector technology, on-the-job line accelerator technology, multileaf raster technology, etc.; core software algorithm technology includes magnetic resonance rapid imaging sequence, pet distribution collection and image reconstruction technology, etc.
Rectification technologies, self-adaptation therapy programs, etc. Relying on the technology and talent reserves of the industry of deep-farming video equipment over the years, companies have introduced a number of industry or national product start-up innovations to the market, and have made constant breakthroughs to high-end, ultra-high-end video equipment: for example, the company will launch a national product in 2015
The first 3.0tmr, in 2018, introduced an integrated home-grown feed/mr, and the first home-grown ultra-highland animal mr product in 2020, and the first national 320, super-high-end ct product utct 960+. 3.2. New market share leads, and high end product substitution space is large.
There has been significant progress in the national production of medical imaging equipment, with zero breakthroughs in a number of areas, such as a 40.5 per cent increase in the national production rate of nuclear medical equipment from a 2010 gap to 40.5 per cent in 2020 and a 43.9 per cent increase in mr and above from 0.6 per cent in 2010 to 43.9 per cent in 2020, but high-end medical imaging equipment in the country, such as 3.0tmr, 64 rows.
Importers, for example, are still in the lead of the market through brand, channel, and technology that they have shaped over the years, and there is still much room for catching up on national brands. Throughout the history of global and domestic video equipment development, the intergenerational gap between imports and home-grown medical video equipment has been shrinking.
For example, the first medical X in the world was born in 1896 alone, and our first X-ray machine did not have its first self-generated in 56 years. However, the gap between our country and the global impact equipment is rapidly closing as the technology of the national industry, represented by the joint film, continues to break out, such as the Chinese premiere tof in 2016.
Pet/ct, the difference in time with the global premiere, pet/ct, was reduced to 16 years; and the first in 2018, the link with the global premiere, pet/mr, was further reduced to eight years. So far, companies have grown to be the leading provider of high-end medical equipment in the country.
The data show that in 2020, companies ranked at the top of the industry as mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr, and dr by additional desk occupancy. Of these, mr products ranked first in the domestic market, 1.5t and 3.0tmr in the first and fourth, respectively; ct products ranked first in the domestic market, 64th in the lower row.
In addition, companies, with their strong innovative research and development capabilities, are able to sustain a large number of new products that can meet the needs of large general hospitals.
In the company’s marketing terminals, the share of income in the tertiary public hospital has been rising steadily, at 27.58%, 40.84% and 42.91%, respectively, and medical imagery diagnostics: multi-products fill the national production gap with a new share.
The company has introduced 1.5t, 3.0t, etc., superconductor mr products, which meet the needs of different segmented markets, ranging from basic clinical diagnosis to high-end scientific research, of which the bulk is industry or national.
(a) A shuttle imaging technology platform that integrates three major accelerated technologies of compressed perception, parallel imaging, semi-Furier and achieves a quick three-dimensional high-level imaging of 0.5 seconds/period;
Brain science research; maromega is the industry ' s first 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr machine, which supports surgical navigation and radiation positioning functions and meets the needs of special groups such as pregnant women, overweight people, etc. Table 6: Company ' s main mr products
Industry first 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr, which caters to medical needs such as pregnant women and overweight populations, supports surgical navigation, functional discharge simulations, umr
High homogeneity high aperture superconductor magnetism to achieve the maximum range of 60 cm industry high-resolution scanning imaging, omega to carry 3.5mw gradient power amplifiers to meet clinical high-speed scanning and high-resolution imaging requirements
"Silence" scans, significant reduction of acoustic noise from magnetic resonance examinations Ultra-High Performance Research Model 3.0tmr, applicable to high-end scientific scenes Launch 3.5mw gradient power amplifiers, super-high performance gradient system (one-axis 120mt/m, switch rate)
200t/m/s) and 64-channel ultra-high-density head wiring, applied to brain science, full-scale digitalized radio frequency (DHF) systems and optical imaging technology, capable of increasing the speed of scanning and image quality, and home-grown 3.0tmr, applied to clinical and scientific parallels.
On-board optical imaging technology, combined with a high-performance optical re-engineering engine, to achieve 0.5 seconds/time rapid scan clinical solutions that cover static and dynamic applications across all parts of the body while applying clinical science research 3.0tmr, a state-owned high-performance research model for high-end scientific scenes.
A super-high performance gradient system (100 mt/m at single axle field, 200 t/m/s) to enhance scanning speed and imaging quality to meet neuro-related scientific needs.
With 70cm large apertures that provide comfortable patient experience, a wide range of rapid imaging and extensive pressurized lipid imaging, uplifting image quality, according to the number of new sales outlets, the company was the largest mr equipment manufacturer in the Chinese market in 2020.
In China, the main market participants in the market for equipment at 3.0t and above were ge-medical, Siemens-medical, Philip-medical, Jiao and the company, which was the only domestic enterprise with a market share.
Fourth, 17.1%; in China’s 1.5tmr equipment market, the company’s market was ranked first, at 25.4%, and ct-products filled the national production gap. The company’s ct-line covered clinical economics and high-end scientific research products, meeting diverse needs such as disease screening, clinical diagnosis, scientific research, etc. The company launched 16 rows.
To 320 class products, including 80 lined national product, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, , t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, , t, , t, t, t, t, t, , t, t, , , t, t, , , , , t, t, t, , , , , , , , t, t, t, , t, t, t, , , , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , , t, , , , , t, , , , t, , , , , , , , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The period of arbitrary heart rate imaging, single organ injection and rapid large-scale vascular imaging, combined with low-dose imaging and ball spectrometric imaging of tube voltage transition, has better clinical and scientific value in cardiovascular diseases, tumours, emergency care and paediatric examinations.
Nationally produced 320 rows of super-high-end ct products for high-end clinical and scientific scenes wide-body ct products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A layered high-resolution image that increases the success of a heart scan can increase the speed and imaging of a heart and a wide range of blood vessels and improve the success of a heart scan.
Broad body ct products for high-end clinical and scientific scenes On-board 160 voluminous expanse detectors developed autonomously with 0.25s/circle velocities that significantly boost the pace of heart sweeps 30mhu large thermal capacity tubes that meet clinical requirements for examination of patients with high fluxes
The crypt product for clinical and scientific research and reprofiling, the hyper-82cm arctic accelerator leads to a more comfortable examination experience for special environmental examinations such as high-end medical examinations, emergencies, etc., with autonomously developed probes that rotate up to 0.25s/circles, and improves the overall ability and success of heart scans.
The first 80-calc product of national production, the ct product for clinical and scientific research and reprofiling, with autonomously developed detectors and 7.5-mhu large thermal capacity tubes, can rotate at a system speed of 0.3s/circles, comprehensive.
Upgrade the success rate of heart scans; with a system maximum power of 100 kw, applicable to a population with a larger body weight base
Fine images, more diagnostic information. 5.3mhu's pulmonary heat capacity combines scanning speed with image accuracy to meet the need for clinical continuity, wide-scale scanning.
In terms of the number of new outlets, in 2020 joint film medicine was the largest ct-equipment manufacturer in the Chinese market, leading by 14% of top-end machines in the leading countries, lagging behind ge, Siemens, Philips, and still has much room for growth. The xr product variety varied. Since the launch of the first xr product in 2016, companies have introduced the first milk.
The adrenaline tridimensional scan system umammo 890i, low-dose digital flatbed mobile c-armumc 560i with single crystalline silicon technology, a fully automatic suspended dr product of udr 780i at the level of tens of millions of pixels, and a mobile dr product of udr 370i with visual exposure control.
A three-dimensional low dose mammo, applied to all levels of health care, can solve the problem of tissue overlap of traditional 2-dimensional imaging by effectively increasing breast cancer detection rates and reducing false positives
49.5 m micropixel single crystal silicon tablet detector capable of reducing radiation doses at the time of examination Economic 2D digital mammo, applicable to primary medical institutions
With a large-scale breast flatbed detector, which meets the requirements for breast soft tissue and micro-pathogenesis imaging, a test-based smart-pressure system with a fast-intelligent position of one key, and a surgical flatbed mobile c-arm for all kinds of surgery.
A single crystalline silicon tablet detector can significantly reduce the radiation dose by a umc56i 2 million pixel image chain system and significantly improve the resolution of images
Real-time observations of patient status can be achieved, screening process completed in isolation rooms, multi-clinical settings supported by over 200 full-automatic one-key positioning functions that can be automatically aligned to medium and motion, coupled with two-wiredward large panels, highly effective clinically enabled udr 780ipro
To support the full-volatile bed-space integration of advanced applications that can assist in pre- and post-operative effects assessment of spinal and lower limb joints, carry a double wireless large tablet that can be more flexible and efficient in meeting the general patient screening needs, support online charging, sustained durability, complete self-motivating, auto-positioning functions and improve clinical efficiency
The xr industry has grown more mature, with dr and mobile dr equipment being largely nationalized in the market segments, and breast and dsa having a lower rate of national production, with dsa having a Dsa rate of less than 10%. According to the number of new outlets, the company has a 7.0% market share in the dr sector as a whole; in the area of segmentation, the company has a 5.1% rate of mobile dr production line.
The company’s mi products include pet/ct and pet/mr, which are melted through the pet.
Comb or mr achieves diagnostic functions by carrying advanced post-treatment applications such as multimodular image integration, dynamic analysis, oncology tracking, brain analysis, heart analysis, etc., providing accurate analysis for clinical treatment of neoplasms, nerves, and heart-related diseases. Corporations, a small number of companies in the country that have been registered as pet/ct products and have achieved full-time production, have introduced multiple industry leaders.
First products, including the industry ' s 4d first product uexplier (totalbodypet/ct), the national product integration pet/mr productupmr.790, the national product digitized tof pet/ct product umi80 and the national product pet/ct product umi510.
Industry headline 4d dynamic Pete/ct, applicable to front-line scientific scenes with 672 cyclolight detectors and 80 volts, with a 30-second, 1-40 dose to complete a full-body sweep.
Imaging (totalbody can achieve real-time dynamic body scans and parameter analysis, support pharmacodynamic research, pathology and drugs)
"One of the Ten Global Technological Breakthroughs", selected by the World Physics Journal 2018
Combining 3.0tmr with 112 loops, carrying the ai scan and reconstructing algorithms, fast high-resolution scans, integration of physiological signals, pet and mr data streams, digitized tofpet/ct, applicable to clinical and scientific scenes
A combination of 112 ring digital optical detectors and 80 volts, with a high-visibility, rapid high-resolution scan, a rich mix of advanced applications, comprehensive support for clinical and scientific research, digitized pet/ct, applicable to clinical scenes.
Umivista, coupled with 84 cyclic optical detectors and 80 volts, optimizes the flow of heart scans and supports clinical heart tests
Digital Pete/ct, applicable to clinical scenes with 84-ring digital optic Pete detector and 40-calc, with multiple intelligent applications and more efficient workflows.
After the company's successful launch of its first national production, the market was ranked first in four consecutive years, with 32.1% in 2020, according to the number of new outlets.
Lines are the only equipment manufacturer in the country, the first new installation in the market in 2020, with a 50% ranking. 3.2.2. Radiotherapy systems: the first integrated ct guide accelerator, the first integrated ct lead accelerator.
The treatment of tumours resulting from \alpha, \beta, \gama rays and x-ray treatment machines or accelerators of various types of  rays, electrons, proton beams and other particle beams is an important way of treating tumours at present. The company's first integrated diagnostics, the C.O.S.T. technology, integrates the diagnostic class with the accelerator at the centre of the accelerator and effectively responds to the full course of treatment.
The company has developed a first-line integrated c-line accelerator, urt-linac506c. The first-line integrated c-c-line accelerator, suitable for scientific research and clinical users.
High-resolution ct image-guiding, combined with a self-adaptation treatment system, to provide customized treatment options urt-one-stop full-release workflow support, multi-use, integrated rapid workflow design, and more efficient work
Support dynamic rotation therapy uarc techniques and fast Monte Carlo algorithms to increase clinical treatment rates General line accelerator systems to apply clinical users urt-
Support for automatic drawings, auto-planning, auto-quality control, and 540° ultra-long mono arc treatment model, and improves the efficiency of the treatment. Varien (which has been acquired by Siemens) and Medical Kodak are leading companies in radiotherapy equipment, which account for the country’s main market share of firing treatment equipment.
The annual share of municipalities was 54.2 per cent, 43.7 per cent, and the national producer of Xinhua medicine was only 2.1 per cent; in the market for low-capacity and therapeutic equipment, there was a relatively large share of domestic producers, with the market for corporate products accounting for 11.8 per cent, ranking fifth.
Life science instruments: from pre-clinical imaging equipment to life sciences instruments. Life sciences instruments include preclinical imaging equipment, optical observation equipment, electronic microscopes, chemical analysis instruments, etc.
The equipment supports basic research in the life sciences, mainly through visual observation of animal models. Preclinical imaging equipment is now widely used in the study of mechanisms and diagnostic and therapeutic methods for major diseases, such as brain sciences, tumours, cardiovasculars, etc.
The first pre-clinic magnetic resonance imaging system has now been introduced, both for mr 9.4t and for the first pre-clinic macrofauna, the whole body of pets/ct imaging system ubioexporer.
High performance gradient, applied to a variety of animal model studies such as brain science, neoplasms, cardiovascular diseases and diagnostic and therapeutic methods, coupled with ultra-low-temperature radio frequency probes, raising alms and obtaining clear image quality; and providing a rich sequence response
Use, support for user conversion medical research, first-generation pre-clinical pet/ct imaging equipment, applicable to research institutes, colleges, pharmaceutical companies, ubio
50cm axle vision, 50cm aperture, support for large animal imaging; super-intensity, support for low-explorer coupled with a digital light detector, support for tof reconstruction and precision imaging
3.3. The core components are self-produced and partially self-produced in the future in terms of the abundance of the research pipelines. The company’s industry is high-end medical equipment, technical barriers are extremely high, and the dependence on imports of key parts and components not only exposes the industry to uncertain international relations, but also severely limits it.
China’s high-end medical-equipment industry is leading the future global competition. So, companies are trying to self-research the core parts of the product lines and are now fully self-reproductive at the mr product lines, detectors of the ct line, detectors of the mi product line, acceleration tubes of the rt product line, magnetic tubes, etc., will be self-reproductive in the future.
Intellectual property rights systems are at the heart of technological innovation, and are an important guarantee of sustained enterprise development and globalization.
The protection of intellectual property rights is particularly important in the industry, where patent placement strategies have been used by companies since their inception as an important means of enhancing self-competitiveness, and where patent mechanisms span the entire life cycle of technology development and development, covering a wide range of products. As of 31 December 2021, companies had more than 2,600 authorized patents, with domestic inventions exceeding patents.
There are more than 560 registered trademarks, of which more than 390 are registered in the country and more than 170 are registered abroad; In total, the company has more than 260 computer software registrations and 11 writing rights; in researching product lines, it enhances market competitiveness; in mr, ct, mi, rt, xr, and life sciences.
There are a number of products in the industry, including super-high-field MRI, a new generation of high performance ct, a new mobile c-arm, a new generation of all-embracing dynamic pet/ct, and photon numbers microct. Companies are technologically advanced in the industry, with a rich stock of products, which significantly enhances their competitiveness in the market.
The company's business model is similar to that of the international medical equipment giant ge, Siemens, Philips, and covers all-line high-end medical images, with Varian and Medical Doctors predominantly manufacturers of radiotherapy products.
By the end of 20 years, companies still had a large gap in terms of size and profit levels over the above-mentioned TNCs, with three major transnational giants, Philips, Siemens, earning more than $60 billion, while the company’s operating income in 2020 was $5.8 billion, a significant difference from the gps.
In 2021, the uninhabited area received only 7.05% of the lower share of income, while Philips, Siemens, Ge, the main competitors, earned more than 50% of the income of the non-independent region, and inter-stateization was one of the most visible features of the companies.
As a corporate vision, it has always been calculated that if the combined overseas business income of 50% and more, the growing space giants and multinational companies such as Ge-Med, Siemens-Med, Philip-Med, etc. have entered the industry earlier and have developed for a long time.
It covers all-line high-end medical imaging equipment, including interference with x-ray imaging systems (dsa), mammography systems, ct systems, mr systems, ultrasound systems, molecular image systems, etc. Philips was founded in 1891. The Philips Medical Image System consists mainly of x-ray photography systems, ct systems, mr systems, ultrasound systems, and molecular images.
Siemens was created in 1896. The Siemens medical image product mix consists of ct, mr, mi, x-ray photography, ultrasound diagnostic systems, and medical image processing software.
In the area of high-end medical imagery and radiotherapy products, the company’s product lines are largely in line with international manufacturers such as ge, Siemens, and Philips.
In the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Morocco, the United Arab Emirates, Japan, and Poland, more than a dozen overseas countries have established offshore subsidiaries that are expanding their markets.
Instrumental operations. The British joint film is an offshore investment holding platform for joint video medicine, foreign affiliates such as the United Arab Emirates, AusAID and Polish joint film are mainly involved in the sale of medical video equipment, and the United States is the only overseas affiliate engaged in research and development of medical video equipment.
In response to the differentiated needs of different regions or countries outside the country, the company develops products tailored to the needs of a particular region, and promotes the registration of products in different countries and regions, expanding the types of products that can be sold in different regions outside the country.
4.1.1. Asia-Africa region: Channels are opening up and economic products are being rapidly released. For the Asian region, the company established Malaysia in 2017 to expand the South-East Asian market, followed by Korea, Emirates and Japan as regional distributions in late 2018, early 2019 and late 2019, respectively.
For African markets, in July and August 2020, the company established the Morocco-South Africa Coalition, which serves as a regional hub covering markets in North and South Africa, respectively. For factors such as regional location, cultural differences, and licensing of products, the company's offshore operations preferred from East Asia and South Africa.
The South-East Asian region began with the introduction of economic ct and dr into the market. In 2019-2021, companies gradually expanded from markets such as those in Japan, the Philippines, Indonesia and Viet Nam to countries such as Kazakhstan, Nepal and Uzbekistan, with further expansion of team members and rapid product registration as the company channels became more structured.
In the African region, companies also broke through local markets in economic tcs and below 1.5t mr, in Morocco, Ewan, $30.35 million and $45.18 million.
4.1.2. The Americas region: a high-end breakthrough, which has largely formed an independent offshore branch The Americas Division of the company focused on the United States region. In 2013, the company created the United States joint film, uih-rt supported research and development activities and actively pursued research on innovative products. In 2018, as the company ' s R & D project progressed towards product transformation in the country.
Market competitiveness and brand influence have gradually increased, and companies have established uiht and uihs as United States production bases and United States sales subsidiaries, respectively. In late 2020, the Americas Branch completed the construction and renovation of the first phase of the production plant in Houston, and the production plant has been put into use. To date, the Americas Division has produced product models such as: umr 570,
The North American market for medical imaging equipment is relatively mature, with demand for higher-end and higher-end products significantly higher than low-end products. As a result, companies in the North American region have adopted a market penetration strategy based on high-end products and are launching high-end products like the first product.
At the same time, he actively participated in the heavy-weight academic congresses to expose the Department’s high-end products and successfully open up the United States market. As of March 31, 2022, the company’s research and development team in North America had reached 22 people.
4.1.3. The European region: from Eastern Europe, Dr fast-disburst companies have been opening up European regional operations in Poland since late 2018. In 2019, in Poland, companies delivered 50 mobile dr disease orders to Ukraine, while 3.0tmr and ct products broke ice, 2019-
In 2021, the company achieved revenues of $12.28 million, $69.89 million and $6.806 million respectively in the European region. Table 16: Corporate sales in the European region.
We believe that the company will benefit from the continued increase in domestic demand for images and the wide scope of national substitution. 2. There has now been some improvement in Chinese production in the field of medical imaging equipment.
There has been a zero breakthrough, but in high-end areas such as 1.5t or more mr, 64 rows and above, importers are still in a strong position, with far more city leaders. Companies have always focused on R & D inputs to form a core technology system in a number of areas, and their products have been tested and recognized by the market, and we believe that companies will continue to break through in the future in high-end medical equipment.
3. Internationalization is a feature of this segment of the world’s mainstream transnational medical giants, with over 50% of income in the off-the-shore region. At its inception, the company had a public vision of being a world-class leader in medical innovation, with less than 10% of the company’s income abroad, and we believe that in the future it will further strengthen its overseas channels and activities.
In view of the fact that 1. The company is one of the few companies in the world and within the country, which is well equipped with medical video equipment, it is the leading company in terms of medical video equipment, and it was ranked first in terms of the number of new domestic loaders on the multi-product line in 2020; 2.
The amount of R & D investment, which has now acquired core technology in a wide range of product lines and has introduced a range of high-end and ultra-high-end products, is expected to capture market shares in the field of high-end medical imaging equipment in the future; the company ' s overseas business earnings doubled in the period from 3.2019 to 2021, with new stock listings not being rated for investment.
In reference to the company's main business section, we have selected Murray's medical, Xiangsheng's medical, open medical, comparable companies, which are also well-placed in the medical image equipment, and have valued the comparative companies as follows: Table 18: Comparable corporate valuation tables
1. Core spare parts are at risk: the company ' s industry is a high-tech barrier in the medical imaging industry, involving a large number of core parts, and although the company has self-produced components on multiple production lines, spare parts such as ct ' s high-end pavilions, mi chips, etc. still need to be outsourced.
Given the difficulty of entering large-scale medical video equipment, some of the company’s overseas regions are still in the initial market mode.
3. Research and development progress is not as fast as expected: many product lines, such as company product layout, coverage ct, mr, xr, mi, are technology-intensive.
Products, products and technologies are rapidly being updated, and companies that are mature in the market, such as ge, Philip, and Siemens, face intense competition, and companies are constantly introducing new products to meet market demand. If firms are not working on product R & D as expected, they can run the risk of losing competitiveness.
The company ' s revenue from the sale of ct and dr products increased significantly during the period of the epidemic, thanks to the excellent quality of the products, and, with ct and dr having a useful life of 5 to 10 years, the purchase of the product partly meets the regular use needs of some medical institutions in the coming years, which may lead to a decline in demand for ct and dr products in the coming years.
Three major financial forecasts for joint film and medical care.