On 31st of July 2022, the core product is a multi-billion-dollar market. The joint film medicine was founded in 2011 at the top of the country \triangleright.
The lead medical video equipment has accumulated more than 70 products, including mr, ct, xr, pet/ct, pet/mr, rt, and life science instruments, and many of them are industry or domestic. Company products are ranked at the forefront of the industry and are widely recognized by end-users and are located in nearly 900 tri-a hospitals across the country.
During the same period, the company invested more than $6.2 billion in research and development sales.
\triangleright core technology for video equipment products has been captured, product quality and slogans have risen, and national production substitution is accelerating. 1) mr: 3.0t and above, companies are ranked fourth, 1.5t and below and are expected to be ranked first, far from home. 1) mr: 3.0t and above, companies are ranked fourth, 1.5t and below
The market size is 36.656.3 billion yuan; 2 (c)c: 64 is ranked first in the number of ct markets, the market is highly domesticated, and the company ' s main products are dr, carm and breast machines, in the top five, 2018-
The third largest income-contribution portfolio of companies in 2020, with three years of cagr reaching 67.85 per cent, will gradually penetrate high-end products in the future; (4) mi: markets are still in the early stages of development, company products include Pete/ct and Pet/mr, all ranked first in terms of domestic market ownership, and the company is the only one in the country that has a pet/mr equipment.
Producers, in 2021, achieved revenues of $1.04 billion, the fourth largest collection plate for the company; (5) rt is an area of emerging company layout, with a fast-tracking phase, which has now led to the breakthrough of several key technical barriers and the introduction of a front line accelerator for industrial integration.
Internal and external growth continues to increase production capacity and move towards globalization. 1) Sustained growth in R & D layout over the next five years, upgrading of product capacity and self-research of core components; 2) acceleration of industrial chain integration and upgrading of production upstream and downstream. 3 acquisitions led, respectively, to Shenzhen, Changzhou and Shanghai.
Development and construction of information systems, development and production of critical components (lyso crystals) and upstream components of conventional image equipment; 3) The globalization of deep layouts, based on local conditions, with the sale of low- and medium-end products outside of the company, and the breakthrough of high-end machines and a trend towards accelerated annual growth, 2019-2021,
In the face of competition from other manufacturers of medical video equipment in the country, such as Vandong Medical, East Soft Medical, etc.; 3) Ten years, the core product sword is a trillion-dollar market, and joint film medicine was established in 2011 as the leader of high-end medical video equipment in the country, dedicated to providing high-performance to global clients.
Medical video equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments and medical digitization and intelligent solutions. The company’s headquarters are located in Shanghai, while regional headquarters and research and development centres have been set up in the United States of America, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Poland, etc. In Shanghai, Changzhou, Wuhan, and Houston, a global network of research, development, production and services has been established.
The company has been developing and developing innovations around high-end medical equipment, such as ct, mr, mi, dr, and xr. Since its inception, the company has accumulated over 70 products to the market, including the magnetic resonance imaging system (mr), the x-ray computer fault scan system (ct), the x-ray imaging system (xr), the molecular image system (pet/ct, pet/mr), the medical straight-line accelerator system (rt)
And life science instruments, and many of the country’s top lines, such as the direct-line accelerator products urt-linac506c, which was listed in 2018, and the 75cm Great Aperture 3.0tmr product, which was listed in 2021, are constantly breaking technical barriers and expanding the new applications. In the field of digital diagnostics, companies provide a joint medical cloud service based on the framework of the joint cloud system.
Current equipment and applications for cloud-side synergy and sharing of medical resources provide an integrated solution for end-users. Figure 1: Since 2016, companies have been awarded dozens of products worldwide each year, with a fragmented corporate equity structure with Dr. Xue Min as its founder.
She was the founder of the company and its chairman, with a combined available voting power of 31.8 per cent through the Coalition Group, Shanghai Shadows and Shanghai Shadows, and was the actual controller of the company, which held 23.14 per cent of the shares in the company.
In order to focus more effectively on the development of high-end medical video equipment and improve the industrial chain layout, the company sold 55% of Shanghai wisdom and 70% of Shanghai intelligence in August 2018, and acquired 30% of Changzhou League and 75% of Shanghai ' s new stock in October 2020. In order to enhance the motivation and cohesion of its employees, the company has set up five major employee holding platforms (Shanghai Film Board, Shanghai Film Board).
On 30 June of that year, the company had 24 holding subsidiaries (10 in the country, 14 outside the country), 4 participating companies, 4 branches and 2 private non-business units.
1) In addition to domestic production and marketing, companies actively integrate upstream enterprises in the industrial chain, such as the acquisition of the Permanent State Federation and the Shanghai Newcombs, which are responsible, respectively, for the housing of medical imaging equipment and for the production, cutting and assembly of whole machines and crystal materials; 2) offshore: companies establish offshore subsidiaries in priority markets, form well-functioning local teams and build from them.
The full chain of customer service capabilities before and after sale, such as the establishment of a Polish subsidiary at the end of 2018 to open up European regional operations, and active cooperation with local distributors. The company brings in industrial talent from a global perspective, forming a professional team with senior industry management and technical experience.
In December 2020, the co-founder, Dr. Zhang Qiang, took over the post of Chairman of the company, who, after graduating from the University of Kassy, United States of America, has long been engaged in magnetic resonance technology innovation, product research and development, industrialization and related management, and has been Director-General of Siemens Medical China's Magnetic Resonance Industry, with a deep sense of industry as of June 2021.
On 30 days, the company had nearly 2,000 R & D personnel, representing more than 35% of the total number of company employees; more than 1,700 companies had a master’s or doctoral degree and more than 350 had an overseas educational background or work experience.
1.2 The company’s core products are mostly the first in the country, and the application scene is growing in abundance. The companies’ product rankings, such as mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr, and dr, are in the forefront of the industry and are widely recognized by end-users.
The products are ranked first, 1.5t and 3.0tmr, respectively; the products are ranked first, and the products are ranked fourth, respectively; the products are ranked first, 64th and above in the domestic market; the products pet/ct and pet/mr are ranked first, and the products Dr and mobiledr are ranked first, respectively, in the domestic market.
1.3 R & D and sales, respectively. 1.3 Corporate profitability continues to rise, and the spread of new coronary outbreaks worldwide has led to the sale of medical equipment such as ct, xr. 2) Profit end: 2021, company gross.
Interest rate levels reached a historically high level of 49.42 per cent, net profit returns from the loss of 126 million yuan to profits of 1,417 million yuan, and significant increases in profitability, mainly due to the continuous upgrading of products, the relatively strong bargaining power of companies and the continuous improvement of company operations in recent years, resulting in further optimization of four cost ratios.) Cost side: 2018-2021, company research
Both distribution and sales costs have been maintained at over 10 per cent, with cumulative sales investment of 2,952 million yuan, and an efficient distribution network and distribution system has been established to increase the breadth and depth of the area covered by the Department ' s products by working with high-quality distributors to increase the scale and speed of regional diffusion and rapid response in the form of downfalls by distributors; cumulative R & D investment of 3,255 million yuan and, as of 2021h1, the company has a staff.
4,833 persons, including 1,805 R & D personnel, representing up to 37.35% of the total. Since 2013, companies have generated more annual revenues from the sale of medical equipment, with ct products growing rapidly through the new crown epidemic.
The sales of equipment accounted for about 90% of the revenue, which is the core income block driving overall income growth, with mr.ct and xr producing growing by 152% the same year, yielding 2,572 million yuan. At the same time, the company has been active in the field of high-end mi molecular imaging systems in recent years, with sales revenue increasing from 138 million yuan in 2018 to 1,040 million yuan in 2021, from that level.
By 2021, the largest end-type of income contribution was achieved, mainly because: 1) companies have consistently adhered to autonomous R & D innovation as a development strategy, with a strong innovative R & D capacity to sustain a large number of new products from large general hospitals, with a large number of products with industry-led or differentiated advantages that enable them to compete with their competitors in the most competitive level 3 public hospitals
Competition and continuous increase in shares; 2) after years of market input and branding, the increased visibility of the end market to the company’s brand has further contributed to the frequency with which products are marketed in the courtyard. In terms of sales patterns, companies use a combination of direct sales and distribution, supported by direct sales, which are dominated by distribution.
In 2021, the share of corporate distribution income was maintained at over 65 per cent per year, mainly because distributors often worked for many years in the local medical equipment industry, maintained good long-term cooperation with multiple medical institutions, and some of them had a strong professional capacity to install support equipment, provide after-sale services and so on, helping companies to penetrate more quickly on the ground and further upgrade branding.
From a regional perspective, between 2018 and 2021, the company dominated its domestic sales, with domestic revenues accounting for more than 90%, with the East China region at its core (about one-third of the revenue), extending to the surrounding region. In recent years, the corporate globalization strategy has initially emerged, 1. In terms of revenue, by the end of 2021, the company had 22 products that had obtained a fda certificate, 34 products that had a cce certificate, and 3) geographical areas.
In the United States of America, Japan, Croatia, New Zealand, Poland, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Angola, Dominica, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Kuwait, Malaysia, Morocco, Myanmar, Nepal, Philippines, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Viet Nam, etc.; 4) in equipment, mr, ct,
2 high-precision medical imaging equipment, which is dedicated to world-class medical imaging equipment, refers to the use of various physical signals, including visible light, x-rays, ultrasound, and powerful magnetic fields, to the human body.
Recording the distribution of signal strength in the body, which leads to the formation of interpretable images. Depending on the purpose, medical imaging equipment can be divided into diagnostic, diagnostic image equipment and therapeutic image equipment, which can be broadly divided into magnetic resonance imaging (mr) equipment depending on the signal, x-ray computer fault scan imaging (ct), x-ray imaging (xr), molecular image (mi) equipment, ultrasound.
(us) Equipment, etc.; the treatment of video equipment can be divided broadly into digital migraine angiography equipment (dsa) and directed radiation equipment (bone c-arm), etc. Medical video equipment is widely used in clinical sections, but is available in different sections due to differences in imaging principles, information carriers, etc.
1 mr: primarily used to examine soft tissues with high water content, such as better imaging effects on the brain, joints, spinal vertebrae, so as to locate and characterize the pathogenesis; 2) ct, used mainly for the examination of bone joints and soft tissue changes, thus contributing to better observation of anatomy differences; 3) dr in xr used for basic examinations in respiratory, or osteoporology, etc., and in the field of osteoporology
The preferred means of screening, dsa, is the “gold standard” for blood-vascular disease screening; 4)us: can be used as the preferred means of screening for digestive gland organs, uterus, breast, etc. China’s medical video equipment industry is growing at a much faster rate than the world’s average for the same period, and national production upgrades are accelerating.
The market for medical video equipment in China, driven by a two-wheel drive of demand and policy dividends, will continue to grow, reaching 53.7 billion yuan in 2020, and is expected to reach close to 110 billion yuan in 2030. The annual compound growth rate is expected to reach 7.3 per cent, well above the 3.9 per cent recorded in the same period globally.
In recent years, along with progress in the overall level of research and development of domestically produced medical equipment, the emergence of product core technologies, product quality and slogans, some of which have been overtaken by technological innovations, the pattern of import monopolies is changing, and national production medicine.
Policies are highly supportive of the development of large-scale medical devices, and the process of nationalization is accelerating. As the country’s economy expands, population health awareness increases, demand for health-care services continues to increase, and high-quality medical care continues to grow.
At the same time, a series of health sector-related policies have been put in place, creating new market space for the sale of equipment, such as the formal liberalization of the country ' s 64 rows below-calc configuration restrictions in 2018, and the adjustment of the pet/ct from the national unified plan configuration of Category A equipment to the provincial unified plan for Category B equipment, which was added in 2020.
The planned number of type A equipment Pete/mr, the introduction of a “notification of commitments” system for the allocation of non-public medical institutions, support to the Social Office, 2.1 high-end mr market is still occupied by import brands, and the company is expected to upgrade the MRI system (mr) is a use of water in the human body
Magnetic resonance signals in sub-tons are reconstructed to tissue or organ imaging equipment in a powerful magnetic field. Mr has no radiation effects compared to xr and ct and has a higher resolution of soft tissue, especially for brain tissue imaging; mr's image is higher than ultrasound and shows more detail; mr is not only able to show physical pathologies compared to other imaging techniques.
It also allows for precise determination of functional reactions to brain, heart, liver, etc., which can play an important role in the diagnosis of diseases like Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer, etc.
The use of superconductive materials can produce a stable high ground and is the dominant feature of the current magnetic resonance imaging technology. In 2020-2030, the Chinese market caagr was above the global level for the same period, and there is still much room for development, with 3.0tmr expected to be the main growth point.
More than 50,000 mr systems have been installed and are being used in different areas, and the Chinese market holds about 10,000. 2020-2030e, the Chinese market is expected to grow from 8.92 billion yuan to 24.42 billion yuan, and the cagr is about 10.6%, well above 4.5% in the same period.
In 2018, Japan and the United States had about 55.2 and 40.4 per million mr, respectively, and China had about 9.7 per million mr in the same period. As clinical and scientific research needs continued to increase, advances in medical science and technology contributed to the development of medical diagnostics, and mr became one of the major high-end medical imaging systems.
The ratio of mid- and low-end mr is about 61.4 per cent, and 3.0t high-end mr is expected to be the main growth point in the Chinese mr market in the future, increasing to 35.7 per cent in 2030. The company has the capacity to independently design, develop and manufacture key components of mr, such as high field superconductor magnets, high performance gradients, etc.
Circles, high-density radio frequency loops, multi-channel distributed spectrometers, and the ability to develop advanced applications for image processing. The company has introduced 1.5t, 3.0t, etc., superconductor mr products, which meet the needs of different segmented markets, ranging from basic clinical diagnosis to high-end scientific research, of which the bulk is industry or national production.
(c) Emromega is the industry's first 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr machine, which supports surgical navigation and therapeutic positioning functions and meets the needs of special groups such as pregnant women and overweight populations.
Industry ' s first 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr, which caters to the needs of pregnant women and overweight populations, supports the development of a model for surgical navigational discharge.
A high-equilibrium aperture superconductor magnetism with a maximum range of 60 cm industry high-resolution scan image mounted with 3.5mw gradient power amplification of the omega device to meet clinical high-speed scanning and high-resolution imaging requirements
"Silence" scans, significant reduction of acoustic noise from magnetic resonance examinations Ultra-High Performance Research Model 3.0tmr, applicable to high-end scientific scenes Launch 3.5mw gradient power amplifiers, ultra-high performance gradient system (120mt/m with single axle field, conversion rate 200t/m/s) with 64
Superdensity head wiring, applied to brain science, full-scale digitalized radio frequency systems and optical imaging technology, capable of increasing the speed of scanning and image quality, full-body high-performance science model 3.0tmr, applied to scientific and advanced clinical applications.
A 3.5mw gradient power amplifier, a high performance gradient system (with a single axle field of 80mt/m and a switching rate of 200t/m/s) is widely applied to all scientific research and high-end clinical applications with ultra-high-density super-soft linear circles and a millimetre wave-radar respiratory system, which improves image quality and workflow efficiency across the board.
Full-scale advanced clinical and scientific applications from the nerve, body and heart
Full-body, full-sequenced "silence" scans, patient experience upgrades, state-owned high-performance science model 3.0tmr, applicable to high-end scientific scenes, mounted ultra-high-performance gradient systems (100mt/m with a single axle field, 200t/m/s), enhanced scanning speed and image quality, met God.
The first national production, 3.0tmr, applies to clinical and scientific parallels, carries optical imaging technology, combines high performance optical re-engineer, and achieves 0.5 seconds/time quick scans, clinical solutions cover static and dynamic applications across all parts of the body, while applying clinical scientific research.
"3.0t level " large aperture flagship scientific research 1.5t magnetic resonance imaging system applicable to clinical and scientific parallels 3.0t level performance hardware system: single axle gradient field 45mt/m, gradient conversion rate 200t/m/s load high noise mitigation technology and acquire high-letter, higher-resolution images at 3.0t level
Two-millimeter wave radar remote sensing life perception technology, no contact to get a physiological signal, full-sequence ultra-statistical imaging system, excellent scanning experience, full-scale 3.0t level clinical and scientific applications
1.5 tmr for large aperture images, applicable to clinical scenes, umr mounted high-resolution, high-resolution images at 3.0t level
Two-mm wave radar remote sensing life perception technology, no contact to get a physiological signal, full-sequence ultra-statistical imaging system, excellent scanning experience, image preservation 1.5tmr, applicable to clinical scenes.
A high-resolution noise mitigation technology, higher-resolution images, umr full digital radio frequency system, high-fiscal, low-noise imaging
On-board optical imaging technology to effectively increase the speed of clinical scans, umr, 70cm of national production and 1.5tmr, applicable to clinical scenes.
A 70cm large aperture that provides a comfortable patient experience, allows for a wide range of rapid imaging and a wide range of pressure lipid imaging, raises image quality, digitalizes 1.5 tmr, applies to clinical scenes, carries full-scale digitalized radio frequency transmission technology, and achieves high-fibre, low-noise imaging.
Automation of the inspection process, increased efficiency of use, high speed of clinical scanning with high speed of optical imaging technology
Full digital 1.5tmr, applicable to clinical scenes Full digital radio frequency transmission technology, high-fibre, low-noise imaging Check process automation, increased efficiency of use
The company provides users with comprehensive solutions, such as smart and efficient, whole-body research, and medical transformation, through hardware systems upgrades and extension of mr equipment.
Check the aperture, the higher gradient field and the switch rate, as well as the radio frequency receiving loops that cover many parts of the body, and improve the patient’s overall experience and effectiveness of the examination. According to the number of new outlets, joint film medicine was the largest manufacturer in China’s mr market in 2020, leading the international manufacturer.
Among the country ' s 3.0t and above mr equipment markets, the main market participants were ge-medical, Siemens-medical, Philips-medical, Qianjin and companies, of which the company was the only domestic enterprise with the fourth largest market share; the company market was ranked first in the 1.5tmr equipment market in China; and the company market was ranked first in China ' s ultra-guided mr equipment market.
In recent years, company mr equipment has been released rapidly, with an anticipated forward market size of $366-56.3 billion for equipment. Three times the relative increase in the size of the domestic market, while company mr equipment capacity is well prepared and is about 60% in nearly two years.
The country and Japan have a million-per-capita holdings, which are in the median city share (29 per cent in 1.5t, 3.0t and above, 21 per cent) and we have measured the future market size of the company's mr equipment at $36.6-563 billion. 2.2 High-end national production is low, and companies have achieved autonomous production of key spare parts.
The X-ray computer fault imaging system (computedtomography, shortcut) sends X-rays through the ball tube, transforms it into a digital signal after penetrating the tissue of the human body, and then converts it into an dictable image, thus detecting changes in the tissue of the human body or organ. The ct is characterized by time-scanning and a clear image that can be used for the examination of multiple diseases.
Platoon or layer is the most common parameter for visual evaluation of ct performance, but not -- corresponding. "Ring" refers to the number of tc detectors physically arranged in the direction of z-axis, and simply to how many rows (one) detector, or how many rows, the indicator is mainly a reflection of the ct hardware structure. The current ct is multict (mdct). "Step" refers to the ct data collection system (data).
Accusationssystem, das) is the ability to access images synchronised. This indicator is primarily a function of ct scans and is a functional parameter. The functional parameter is a function that is to be reflected by image performance and cannot be shown directly by entity. How many layers of cms are used to get images synchronized by scanning a circle. The current ct is basically multict (msct).
In 2020-2030, China's cact market was slightly higher than the global level for the same period, but there is still much room for development in the more developed countries, with 64 rankings and above expected to reach about 41% in 2030. Globally, the developed European and American markets have entered a relatively mature period.
In 2019, China had about 18.2 units per million, representing only about one-third of the million shares of the United States. As China’s ageing population increased its demand for medical examinations, investments were made in primary health-care facilities under the policy of stratification.
Increased efforts and the encouragement of a rapid increase in the number of private hospitals in a social health-care environment will provide greater opportunities for development as essential equipment. From a product composition analysis, the national production rate is already over 50% below 64, while the national production rate above 64 will be less than 30%.
Companies can develop, produce, autonomously, key components of ct, such as ct detectors, tubes, high voltage generators and high-speed rotor racks, and develop advanced applications for image processing. Companies’ ctlines cover clinical economy-type products and high-end research-type products that meet diverse needs such as disease screening, clinical diagnosis, and scientific research.
The first 80-calculation product, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, utc, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , t, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
Rapid and large-scale vascular imaging, coupled with low-dose imaging and voltage voltage transition, with better clinical diagnosis and scientific value in cardiovascular diseases, tumours, emergency and paediatric examinations. utc 780, utc 960+ representative ct products have clear advantages in clinical settings: (1) through optimized tubes and high voltage hair
These products provide more quantitative analysis tools for clinical diagnostics and broaden the landscape of ct clinical applications.
In terms of the number of new outlets, in 2020, joint film medicine was the largest ct-equipment manufacturer in China’s market, leading the international manufacturer. China’s national production rate has reached 65% below 64 and above, compared to 35% in China, with the company’s market holding first in the 64th and lower ct markets (in terms of the number of new outlets); in the 64th and above ct markets, the company’s market is the company’s market.
In 2021, the company's share of equipment increased from $774 million to $3421 million, and in three years, the cagr was 72.43 per cent, mainly from the speedier of the disease, while the company's ability to produce improved rapidly, using near saturation assumptions in recent years.
In the forward, 64 below-calored plants are priced at $1.5 million, 64 below-line and above, at an average cost of about $4 million, compared to the million-per-capita holdings in the United States, and at the median market level (32 per cent below 64 and 18 per cent above), we measure the size of the future market for corporate cert equipment at $14,234 billion.
2.3 China’s xr market is highly home-grown, and the company will accelerate the penetration of the x-ray imaging system (x-ray, short Xr) in the high-end product area by sending X-rays through the ballpipe, which are then detected by a detector after X-rays through the tissue of the human body and generate images of the human body. Different imaging patterns vary according to clinical applications, including two-dimensional static imaging, two-dimensional imaging.
On the whole, China’s xr market has a high rate of national production, which is expected to be upgraded gradually in the future.
The characteristics can be divided into general x-ray machines (gxr) and intertwining x-ray machines (ixr), which contain conventional dr, mobile dr, mammography machines and gastrointestinal machines, which are used to diagnose diseases through x-ray photography; they are mainly c-armed x-ray machines, which are used mainly for surveillance x-rays and photography during surgical operations. Thanks to State policy support, the country in which xr markets have been marketed for the last decade.
As a result of the policy of graded consultations, subside market space has been released at the grass-roots level, while the new crown epidemic has also contributed significantly to the development of mobile Xr equipment. In 2020, China’s Xr market was about 12.38 billion yuan and is expected to reach 20.6 billion yuan in 2030.
Cagr is about 5.2%, roughly the same as in the same period. At the same time, with the continued investment of national producers in technology development and development, the core technology of xr equipment is expected to be fully nationalized in the future, and domestic equipment will be upgraded to high-end products.
The mammography machine, the size of the global xr market (millions of dollars), the global yoy.
The big c-arm, the gastrointestinal machine, the company continues to roll out multi- and medium- and high-level products. Since the launch of the first xr product in 2016, the company has been involved in the production of the first Xr product.
The three-dimensional mammo 890i, the low-dose digital tablet using single crystalline silicon technology, the mobile c-armumc56i, the dry 10,000 pixel-grade fully automatic suspended dr product udr 780i, the national headlines with visual exposure, and the mobile dr product udr 370i, which has visual exposure control.
The moveddr product is no less than the same industry’s first-tier product.
• Remote visualization techniques can monitor the patient's state while protecting the operator from radiation — electrodynamic booster functions, 58 cm compact body design, which facilitates the use of narrow space and by the bed • high temperature, cold, altitude, high humidity, high salinity
• Extreme use environment with water, dust and earthquake-proof features
• Fully automated digital dr • smart one-key positioning functions can improve clinical efficiency by carrying a double-wiredable large tablet that can meet the general patient screening needs
A fully automated stand-alone collating function to assist in clinical spinal and lower limb surgery — landing digital dr, with automated tracking functions to improve clinical efficiency — a two-wire board to meet the general patient screening needs
• Use of u-armdr with a wireless high and clear tablet with a smart one-key positioning function that improves the efficiency of clinical work
In order to capture more structural information, the company has a higher ranking of low- and middle-end products and is expected to upgrade to higher-end products in the future. Depending on clinical applications, xr products can be divided into digital medical x-ray imaging systems (digitalradiography, short drr), digital mammography x.
Line imaging systems (mammo), mobile c-armed x-ray imaging systems (movement c-arm), angiography x-ray imaging system (dsa), etc.
In this case, dr and mobile dr devices are largely nationalized, with lower rates of mammograms and dsa producing less than 10%. According to the number of new sales outlets in the country, companies are in the top five sectors of the industry in the Dr and mobile dr and mammogram markets.
The epidemic has boosted the growth of xr operations, and innovation remains an inexhaustible incentive to generate income. Companies have introduced multi-packages of x-ray imaging equipment, covering product lines, mammo, and mobile c-arms, which remain the company’s third largest revenue-contribution block for the period 2018-2020.
2.4 National mi is still in the early stages of development, and the company has the capacity to produce the whole machine by using a molecular image system (molecularimaging, short mi) to show specific molecules at tissue level, cell level and subcell level, reflecting changes in molecular level in the living state, and thus to carry out qualitative and quantitative studies of biological behaviour in the image.
Molecular imaging technology can detect abnormal levels of cells and molecules in the course of disease, detect the occurrence, development and fate of disease (e.g. cancer, Parkinson syndrome) and evaluate the effects of drugs and treatments.
The combination of functional changes, which are highly sensitive, specific and quantitative in character and suitable for early detection of disease cookers and ct or mr can provide high-precision structure information for clinical diagnosis, allows pre-hospital treatment of the pathogenesis by pet/ct and pet/mr.
China's per capita holdings in pet/ct are about 1/10 in the United States, with much room for development, and the market is expected to be about 5.3 billion yuan in 2030. 1) In terms of the per capita holdings, China's per capita holdings are extremely low. In 2020, China's per million pet/ct holdings were only 0.61 units per person, far below those of developed countries.
There are about 5.73 units in the pet/ct market, so there is much room for growth in our market. (2) In terms of policy dimensions, before 2018, the pet/ct was a class A device managed by the National Health Care Board, which limited to some extent the spread of the pet/ct in health-care institutions; in April 2018, the Board published a catalogue of licences for the issuance of large medical equipment configurations (2018).
(c) Based on the above-mentioned three points, China is expected to have 2.41 units per million inhabitants per year in 2030, and the market as a whole is expected to increase rapidly in terms of the size of the market.
The pet/mr industry is still in the early stages of global development, with an estimated global market size of $250 million in 2030.pet/mr is a super-high-end equipment in the field of medical imagery that combines Pete with mr and allows for a full-body scan and the discovery of the primary and all-body displacement stoves, leading to the early and accurate diagnosis and analysis of malignant tumour patients.
The presence of pet/mr leads to higher and further advances in many fields, such as scientific research, clinical and conversion medicine. At the end of 2020, the global capacity of the pet/mr system was around 200, mainly in North America, Europe and China, and 40 in China; from the market size, it is estimated that the amount of research is about 200.
The global market size of the pet/mr in 2020 is about $250 million and is expected to grow to $1.23 billion in 2030, and figure capr: 2020-2030e, China's pet/ct industry will develop rapidly.
The company has access to detection technology, electronics, reconstruction and control techniques, etc., to achieve high-altitude resolution, high sensitivity and axle vision, full-body dynamic scans, and is at the forefront of the industry. High-altitude inter-resolution can lead to higher diagnostic image quality in clinical settings, contributing to the early detection of disease cookers, disease sequencing, development.
Treatment options and tracking of treatment effects; high sensitivity and high axle view can improve image quality and the speed of scanning; dynamic scans can provide strong support for clinical and scientific applications such as individualized precision diagnostics, new drug development, etc. The company’s mi product can carry high-level reprocessing applications such as multimodel image integration, dynamic analysis, tumor tracking, brain analysis, heart analysis, etc., for swelling.
Clinical diagnosis of tumors, nerves, and heart-related diseases provides accurate analysis. The company is now rolling out multi-sector leading products, including the industry ' s 4d front line, uexplier (totalbodypet/ct), the country ' s first integrated pet/mr product, digitized tofpet/ct product, umi 780 and the country ' s product.
• Digital Pete/ct, applicable to clinical scenes • coupled with 84-ring digital optic Pete detectors and 40-calculation
Multiple smart applications for more efficient workflows • digitally mobile Pete/ct, applicable to clinical scenes, with high mobility and stability • coupled with 84 ring digital optic Pete detectors and 40 volts
• A combination of dedicated mobile workstations, which apply to the small number of mobile inspection mi market participants, and the company is ranked first in the country. mi is a high-end product in the field of medical imagery, and market participants are Siemens, ge, Philips, and joint film medicine.
For the fourth consecutive year since the market was marketed, China has ranked first in the market. The market participants in the market include the public department, Siemens and Ge. The company is the only producer of equipment in the country – Pet/mr, and the market ranked first in 2020 (in terms of the number of new outlets).
Company mi is at the forefront of the industry and has been fast cutting into the mid-to-high-end hospital market in recent years. In 2018-2021, it became the third largest income panel of the company and the fastest growing one. 2.5 The company is still in the field of low-energy rt and is expected to make its contribution to high-energy rt in the future.
The radiotherapy system (radiationthrapy, short rt) treats tumours using X-rays, electrons, proton beams and other particle beams from radioisotope-generated alpha, beta, gamma rays and various x-ray treatment machines or accelerators, which are the most important ways to treat tumours.
Small quantities of protons, heavy ion equipment in which medical straight-line accelerators can be used extensively for treatment of multiple parts of the body with primary or secondary tumours.The core components of the rt product include accelerators, foliage rasters, power sources, modems and precision control modules, and on-board image equipment.
In 2030, China’s rt equipment market is expected to reach $6.33 billion, with a high market concentration and a major share of national production. In 2020, companies held about 12% of the market for low-energy rt equipment, ranking among the top five high-energy rt equipments.
ion accelerator The company has achieved a number of key technical barriers by introducing the first industrial integrated ct-guided straight accelerator.
Integration with the treatment system to achieve co-bed design of ct with the medical straight-line accelerator and to improve clinical efficiency; 2) Rapid and accurate tps treatment plan: the company-owned treatment plan system core algorithms, including dosage algorithms and optimization algorithms, can improve the speed of calculation, dose accuracy and the efficiency of clinical physicists; 3) high dose rate co-generation double beam accelerators and agents
Volume control technology: The maximum dose rate of 6mv accelerator output by the company has reached industry leader levels (dose rate 600 m/min@1m, non-equilibrium mode 1400 m/min@1m), while the dose control technology developed by the company can control exposure accuracy and reduce the radiation doses received by patients; 4) Dynamic multileaf raster technology: dynamic multileaf light developed by the company itself
Gear technology allows precision. The company has now developed a first-integration-guided straight-line accelerator for the industry, urt-linac506c.rt, which is an area of the company’s emerging layout, and the harvest is in the rapid slope phase. 2019-2021, company urt 306 and company urt 306.
urt506c has accumulated 20 sales and generated sales revenues of $0.09 billion, $ 47 million, and $ 140 million. 2.6 The company has pioneered two pre-clinical image systems to move into the biology field, and now the global market for integrated life science solutions has developed a relatively mature system, the global flagship, Danaher.
Firms like her, Becton, Dickinson have developed strong product systems and stable client groups. According to open market data and the annual financial reports of listed companies, the market for life science solutions in 2019 was estimated to be about $65.9 billion, and the market for global life science solutions in 2030 was expected to be about $11.4 billion, 2019-2030.
The company has taken the lead in launching two preclinical animal imaging systems in the country.
Research on basic life sciences is supported by visualization of animal models to achieve structure and functional imaging. Pre-bed image equipment has been widely used in the study of mechanisms and diagnostic and therapeutic methods for major diseases such as brain science, tumors, cardiovasculars, etc.
Magnetic resonance imaging system umr 9.4t and first pre-clinical macrofauna system ubioexporer 2 Table 23: Main animal image products and uses of the company, product uses and characteristics
• First national production 9.4t pre-clinic ultra-high field mr, applicable to scientific institutes, colleges, pharmaceutical companies, etc. • high performance gradients, applied to animal model studies such as brain sciences, neoplasms, mechanisms for major diseases such as cardiovascular diseases and methods of diagnosis and treatment • National production of first-clinic whole body pet/cart imaging equipment, applied to scientific institutes, colleges, pharmaceutical companies, etc.
• 50cm axle vision, 50cm aperture, supporting large animal imaging; super-intensity, supporting low-dose rapid scanning • coupled with digital optical detectors, supporting tof reconstruction, achieving precision imaging 3 continuous product upscaling and globalization
3.1 Increasing R & D layouts and enhancing product power and self-research capabilities of core components The company develops a rich product line around high-end medical imaging equipment with both depth and breadth. For product lines such as mr, ct, xr, pet/ct, pet/mr, etc., the company covers a wide range of product types ranging from clinical applications to research needs and is effective.
In addition, the company’s outreach to radiotherapy products, such as conventional rt, rt-guided rt, and other vital science instruments, such as mr, animal pet/ct, can meet the demand for pre-clinical research, diagnostics, and treatment. The company’s product power is constantly increasing, and some of its main products have become differentiated competitive and even global leaders.
There are five main series of products: 1) mr: in addition to helium, core parts of medium- and high-end equipment have been fully self-researched and some products have differential advantages, such as the introduction of large aperture 75cmr with a wider population and ultra-high-end products such as 7.0tmr are still in the stage of development; 2) ct: essential core components such as medium- and low-end products are largely self-researched and high-power ball tubes, slides and bearings remain dependent
Based on external procurement, new generation photon count ct is still being developed; 3) xr: the company has mastered three-dimensional imagery and reprocessing techniques such as fault scans, cone beams, low-dose imaging technology, automated electro-control technology, etc., which have a different advantage from the competition, but the core components such as detectors are still dependent on external procurement; 4) mi: the product as a whole has reached the same international level and has partially reached the international leading level;
5) rt: Accelerator tubes, multileaf rasters have been self-produced, products such as medium- and high-energy straight-line accelerators, multi-module straight-line accelerators, etc. are still in the development of layouts, and magnetic controls for key components are still dependent on external procurement.
Domestic: Vandong Medical, East Soft Medical, Mayo Medical and Leupe Medical, etc., are currently being procured
The company’s research and development focus over the next five years is still based on existing product types: 1) Increased input and process improvements in core components such as detectors, ball tubes, high pressure generators, accelerators, etc.
' to further optimize the process and cost structure to meet potential downward pressure; 2) to enrich the application landscape, assist in scalable diagnostics and capacity-building of hospitals at the grass-roots level; 3) to deploy high-end products of various product lines, including 5.0 tmr, dsa, spectrometry, high-energy rt, etc. 3.2 To accelerate the consolidation of the industrial chain and upgrade the production capacity for upstream and downstream integration
Since its inception, joint cinema medicine has dominated three acquisitions, mainly internal incubation. It currently holds 51% of Shenzhen joint film data, with Changzhou and Shanghai as its wholly-owned subsidiaries, each responsible for the development and construction of medical information systems, the development and production of important components (lyso crystals) and the upstream components of conventional imaging equipment, which together enrich the company.
In recent years, the only M&As in the image field have been the acquisition of hundreds of millions of dollars in cash, which has led to a major leap into the field of oncology treatment.
In the case of giants, the model for the development of joint cinema medicine is more inclined to grow endogenously, and business expansion is more robust. 3.3 The depth of the landscape is globalized, the company sells out of the country mainly to medium- and low-end products, and the high-end machine has made a breakthrough and is growing at an accelerated rate every year.
Trends. In 2019-2021, the company ' s offshore income was 127.43%, well above the overall income, 68.27%, with Asia ' s share of offshore income rising to 45% in 2021, North America ' s United States-dominated share of offshore revenue, accounting for about 31% in 2021.
They have also been installed in various regions and show an upward trend year by year, indicating that the global market recognizes the product power of joint video medicine 1) is geared towards the differentiated needs of different regions or countries abroad, developing regional niches, promoting product registration in several countries and expanding the types of products that can be marketed in different regions abroad; 2) is based on such star products as uexplorer, using them.
rsna and other internationally influential industry meetings to raise corporate brand visibility and influence; 3) establishment of offshore affiliates in key markets, formation of well-functioning local teams, building full chain customer service capacity from pre-sale to post-sale; 4) enrichment of offshore distribution channels, actively seeking cooperation with influential distributors in regional markets, localized market resources, post-sale
Capacity, etc., complementarities to open markets quickly. 1) Product R & D is not as fast as expected: medical video technology is upgraded more rapidly, and companies cannot deliver their products successfully if they cannot properly judge the development trends of new technologies, new products and new applications, or if research and development inputs are insufficient.
2) Market competition: In recent years, there has been an increasing trend of national production substitution in the field of high-end medical imaging equipment, with a declining market share of imported brands, but companies are also facing competition from other medical imaging equipment manufacturers in the country. 3) Policy risks associated with the collection: In 2021, Anhui issued a circular on the centralized procurement of large category B medical equipment throughout the province.
If, in the future, more provinces and cities and even at the national level adopt and implement policies for the collection of these large-scale medical equipment, companies may face a greater degree of methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.