The Medical Health Research Centre (MHRC) Inc. (688271.sh) buy-in (first-time rating) Innovative resilience, both at home and abroad, prompting long-term development
The company is a high-quality medical image product in the country, has built a full product line layout that includes medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments, and has cumulatively rolled out to the market, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray meters.
Computer fault scan systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), molecular image systems (MRS)
The industry's absolute leader, mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and dr's new markets are in the forefront of the industry, China's high-end products are currently at a low level of national production, companies are constantly filling up high-end products, and high-end national production replacements for domestic mr, ct, etc. are expected to be driven by high-end alternatives.
Overseas markets are becoming more dynamic, and are expected to add long-term incentives to corporate growth. There is a vast market for medical images in overseas markets, estimated to be $45.8 billion worldwide in 2021, based on critical advice.
In 2021, the company achieved revenue of $511 million in overseas operations, an increase of 113 per cent over the same year. A major market for high-end medical equipment, which accounts for the total, has been established with subsidiaries in other priority regions, the company ' s overseas branch (8621) 6023221
The layout is still in progress and is expected to contribute significantly to rapid corporate growth in the future. yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn Generation Product Research and Development Project, Advanced Medical Video Equipment Industrialization Fund Project, Marketing Services Network
In our view, higher penetration of high-end products in companies + continued penetration of low-end products + gradual penetration of overseas markets + we believe that companies are among the scarce high-quality targets in the market and have a certain value premium on innovation,
Core spare parts depend on outsourcing risk; internationalization and business expansion risk; exchange rate risk; technology upgrading; failure to sustain product technological innovation risk; new products are not profitable as expected.
The company was established in 2011 to provide global clients with high-performance medical imaging and treatment equipment, life science instruments, and coverage of basic research-clinical research-medical transformation.
Innovative solutions across the chain, through multi-year technological accumulation and accumulation, the company cumulatively rolled out to the market, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computer fault scan systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), fractions through the layout of the entire product line, including scientific instruments at scientific institutions.
Sub-image systems (pet/ct, pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator systems (rt) and life science instruments with more than 80 products. In the field of digital diagnostics, the company is based on the joint cloud system architecture, providing corporate cloud services and providing integrated solutions.
Chart 1: The company's commitment to provide a comprehensive medical solution, “China Hospitals 2020 - National Consolidated List”, in which the top 10 health-care institutions nationwide are corporate users and top 50 health-care institutions have 49 users.
In 2020, the country was ranked first in the industry in terms of the number of new stations in the country, with companies mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and dr products, with mr products ranked first in the domestic market, 1.5t and 3.0tmr in the first and fourth, respectively; ct products ranked in the domestic market.
The first, 64th, and the fourth, 64th, and above, are ranked fourth; the Pete/ct and Pet/mr products are ranked first in the new domestic market; and the dr and mobile dr products are ranked second and first, respectively, in the new domestic market.
Figure 2: Specific product types of companies and their uses
The company actually controls Mr. Xue Min, and it actually controls 31.88% of the company’s voting rights through the United Shadows Group, the Shanghai Shadows, and Shanghai Shadows combined. Shanghai Union and Shanghai City’s Investment Platform are the company’s second largest shareholders, holding direct public ownership.
18.64% of the company’s shareholdings. The company’s Ningbo, Ningbo, Ningbo, Ningbo, Ningbo, Kingbo, and 31st of January, has 830 holders of the distribution workers’ shareholding scheme, mainly current employees of the company and those who make significant contributions to the company, stimulating the company’s dynamism.
The core team is technically based, and the R & D team is strong. The company absorbs industry talent from a global perspective, forming a professional team with senior industry management and technical experience. The core technical team within the chairman of the company, Mr. Zhang Jiang, is a technologist with a great deal of industry experience.
2,000 R & D personnel, representing more than 35% of the total number of company employees; more than 1,900 companies have master ' s or doctoral degrees, and more than 500 have overseas educational backgrounds or work experience.
▪ Growth in recent years has been high, and profits have been lost. Corporate operating income has increased from 2,035 million yuan in 2018 to 7,254 million yuan in 2021, with 52.8 per cent in cagr. The significant increase in net profit from corporate income and parent profits is mainly due to the company ' s continued presence in the medical imaging equipment industry.
In the first quarter, the company generated $1.659 billion in operating income, an increase of 20.04% over the previous quarter; the mother's net profit.
In 2022, the company continued to build on industry development and policy incentives, consolidating and seizing market shares, and further introducing mr new products to stimulate new sales growth points, but was also affected by the domestic distribution epidemic. At the same time, a quarterly increase in staff salaries and sales were promoted.
Cost increases in management costs and sales, resulting in net profit increases of less than revenue on scale.  Company receipts are dominated by medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment. From a product structure, company-owned operations include the sale of medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment, the provision of maintenance income and the provision of radiotherapy equipment.
Software revenue, of which revenues from the sale of medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment as a percentage of the main business were over 88 per cent, is the core income block that drives overall income growth.  Medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment were also broken down into mr, ct, xr, mi and rt productions
In recent years, the company has been active in the field of high-end mi molecular imaging systems, with the share of mi products rising from 6.8 per cent to 14.55 per cent; the share of rt products, as a new business in 2019, has been consistently released from traditional ct, mr, xr product plates, and the share of new mi, rt operations has grown rapidly.
Corporate product revenue increased from $774 million in 2018 to $3421 million in 2021, triggering the sale of the company ' s disease-resistant products in vehicles and squares, while driving the demand of medical institutions at all levels for upgrading their infrastructure, including ct products; the internal reason is the company ' s continuous demand for infrastructure.
Introduction of ct products to meet market demand, further enhancement of marketing and channel coverage, catalytic marketing, 32.7 per cent cagr, contributing to the second largest revenue section of the company, mainly through the introduction of new products to market preferences, the accumulation of brand effects, and the gradual break-up of the market for imported medical practitioners
The X-ray imaging equipment products, covering the dr product lines, mammo and mobile c-arm systems, and so on, are still in place in the relatively stimulating xr market.
. Among them, the new crown epidemic in 2020 led to a dramatic increase in demand for mobile Drr procurement by health-care institutions, with a corresponding increase in revenue; the demand for Dr resumed to normal levels after the epidemic subsided in 2021, with a much lower level of recovery than in 2020.
Cagr reached 96.1 per cent, and in 2021 it became the third largest income section of the company, mainly because of the company's continued roll-out of a large and heavy volume of products, the creation of sub-image product lines covering multiple levels of user demand.
In the future, as companies continue to announce and sell, they will further boost their product collection.
Domestic marketing activities are focused on the East China region, where the headquarters is located, taking into account the radiation effects and the level of medical development, and extending to the surrounding regions, thus reflecting the fact that sales are concentrated in the East, South China, South West, North China and China.
Sales accounted for over 80 per cent; sales abroad included mainly the United States, Europe, Africa, Japan, South-East Asia and other countries and regions, with expanding overseas markets and rising revenue ratios.
At the same time, as the efficiency of the company ' s operations and its control over costs have increased, the net interest rate of the company has been raised, mainly because of higher average prices of products and lower costs associated with higher process and scale effects, contributing to higher Māori rates; the sale of mi and rt products has been low, and Māori rates are subject to different product models and individual orders.
The impact is more significant, with Māori rates being slightly higher for digital-type products in mi than for other products due to higher technical barriers, and a significantly higher Māori rate for overall products in mi. Figure 15: Māori rates for company-owned 2018-2021 sub-products
Cost controls have been effective, giving high priority to product R & D innovations.
Operating cost control, reduced management costs; and faster growth in corporate revenue and spread rates. Corporate R & D rates have remained above 10 per cent for the period 2018-2021, and R & D costs have continued to grow, with existing products and technological improvements and new products and technologies that may lead to changes in the industry in the future
Research and development resources continue to be invested in areas such as the maintenance of corporate technology for the protection of cities. In contrast, companies continue to expand in horizontal terms, leading to a steady growth in the market for medical images.
The global market for medical devices increased from $358.2 million in 2015 to $484.8 million in 2021 and is expected to reach $848 million in 2030.
The global market for medical devices is expected to continue its growth trend, with a combined growth rate of 6.4% in 2030.  China’s market for medical devices has grown faster than overseas, and by 2022 it had grown from 312.6 million yuan to 909 million yuan in 2021.
Industrial support, health system reform, high-quality industrial upgrading resulting from technological developments in the medical appliances industry, and the expected expansion of the future market space in China's medical appliances industry and the gradual completion of the import substitution of national products from the lower to the lower end to the higher end, with the expected year 2030 in the medical appliances market
The market for medical video equipment accounts for 9.4% of the medical equipment industry, and the global market size in 2021 has reached $45.8 billion. In the global area of medical equipment disaggregation, medical imaging equipment, in vitro diagnostic reagents, cardiovascular equipment and consumables account for the top three shares of the global market for medical equipment.
As the number of consultations increases, the need for clinical diagnostics for video equipment also increases.
The global market for medical imaging equipment is expected to reach $74.3 billion in 2030, with a combined growth rate of 5.5% between 2021 and 2030.  According to the Quest Advisory Data, the market for Chinese medical imaging equipment is expected to grow from 30 billion in 2015
The country’s rapid economic growth and the ageing of the population continue to contribute to the growing demand for health services, thereby contributing to the corresponding increase in the demand for clinical imagery. The market for medical video equipment is expected to reach $11.5 billion in 2030.
Medical video equipment, as an important tool for providing medical images, is an integral part of modern medical equipment in hospitals, which provides important safeguards for clinical diagnosis and treatment, as well as an important platform for clinical science research. Medical video equipment belongs to medium- and high-level medical equipment, including, inter alia, magnetic resonance.
The four types of medical video equipment, mri, ct, x, and ultrasound, are more widely used in clinical examinations and diagnostics.
Computer fault scan system (ct): Continuous penetration at low end, promising replacement of national production at medium and high end Computer fault scan imaging system (ct) used with precise and straightforward x-line beams, gamma rays, ultrasound, etc., to scan side by side with a highly sensitive detector around a certain part of the human body.
There are features such as scanning time, image clarity, etc., which can be used for examination of a variety of diseases; the different rays used can be divided into x-ct and gamma rayct. The ct images provide more detailed letters than conventional x-rays.
The equipment is primarily designed for hardware and data acquisition systems such as ball tubes, high-pressure generators, detectors, slide rings, hangars, image processing software, rack control systems, human interaction systems, control table software systems, etc.
In the global market, where tubes, high-pressure generators, detectors are the development of ct equipment technology, the developed markets of Europe and the United States are in a period of steady growth, and developing countries in Asia and the Pacific, South America, Central and South Africa are constrained by their own levels of economic development and manufacturing.
Regional ct equipment is heavily dependent on imports, which also represents a major increase in the future global ct market, which in 2021 was about $14.6 billion in size and is expected to reach about $24.2 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.8 per cent.
China's ct-equipment market is expected to reach 33.1 billion yuan by 2030. In 2020, the new coronary virus pneumoconiosis programme (pilot version 7) identified pneumonia imaging as a diagnostic standard, and screening of new coronary viruses through ct images became a necessary method for hospital diagnosis, prompting China's ct market.
China’s ct market reached about 15.8 billion yuan in 2021, and is still expected to have lower levels of ct holdings per million in 2030 than in developed countries. According to the Qualitative Consultation, China’s ct holdings were 2,4743 in 2019, but China’s per million ct holdings are about 1 million.
18, about 111 and 44 per million in Japan, and 44 per million in the United States, respectively, show that China’s ct market still has a significant potential market space.
The National Health Board, in its Guidelines for the Evaluation of the Service Capacity of Town and Country Health Centres (2019 editions), has proposed that a-town and town health centres be fully equipped with ct, dr, colored, self-contained and one ct for each township health centre, and that China's ct market holdings are expected to be possible.
The main growth driver is the high-end breakthroughs in national production and the rising penetration of low- and medium-end products. 64 below-line national production rates have exceeded 50%, while 64 above and below are less than 10%.
The company has developed a medical video industry with a 4d-wide dynamic scan of the pet/ct product uexplier (ttal-) in the first place.
Bodypet/ct), “Ten Technology breakthroughs around the globe” in 2018, selected by the British Physics World Journal; industry ' s first 75cm aperture product, 3.0tmr product, emromega, with several proprietary technologies such as zero fluid helium voltage, active/passive hook-up, lost ultraprotective technologies; industry 's first consultation
Solid product sediments provide a solid basis for the company’s market expansion. Magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr): products fill national production gaps, and high end markets are expected to yield.
The magnetic resonance imaging system (mr) is a biomagnetic self-imaging technique, which uses the pattern of the Atomic Nucles (the hydrogen atom core of the water molecules in the human body) to spin itself, in the outer magnetic field, and then generates a signal after being activated by the pulse of the radio frequency, and then enters the computer after a digital conversion, and finally through the image.
The modifier can see images on the screen. The images given by mr can directly produce the patient's cross-sectional, cross-sectional, coronary and all kinds of slanted surfaces, do not produce the prostheses in ct-test, do not need an inoculation agent, do not have ionizing irradiation.
Fire, no adverse effects on the human body and extensive clinical use. The mr equipment consists mainly of four major systems. First, it consists of a gradient system consisting of a gradient coil, a gradient amplifier, a gradient control, a model converter, a gradient cooling system, and second it consists of a radio frequency generator.
Radio frequency systems consisting of radio frequency magnifiers and radio frequency coils; followed by scan control systems (scan control processor, scp), sequence-related debugging systems (sequencereleasedfund, srf), launch radio frequency controllers (interfaceredfundaction, irf), digital filters
(diigitalreceiverfilter, drf), sampling subsystems (acquisition processing subsystems, aps), reflexap reconstructing processors, etc.; finally, mr's master-controlled computer system, which is responsible for displaying and preserving images.
Auxiliary equipment, including examination of beds and positioning systems, liquid helium and water cooling systems, image transmission and storage, and film processing systems.t is referred to as a mid-field machine; 1.0\sim2.0t is known as a high-field machine (1.5t is represented); >2.0t is known as a high-ground machine.
Ultra-high field machines (3.0t is represented). Magnetic systems in the gradient system account for about 40-60% of the cost, and this component is a routine clinical radiometric diagnosis, where mr is able to visualize almost every organ in the human body other than an empty lung cavity. These include head, neck, spine, cardiovascular system, breast, stomach.
In neurological and abdominal disease diagnosis, mr is the preferred form of imaging technology, and mr has a unique advantage in the display of soft tissue stoves, cysts, and tumours. As mr has a harmless character, it treats pregnant women, foetuses, babies, etc.
In the field of clinical anatomy, in addition to visualizing organizational morphological features, mr images are also considered to be the best solution to imaging techniques. For repeat follow-up studies, mr has special advantages.
In addition to clinical anatomy, mr can also provide multidimensional information on tissue or organ metabolism, physiology, function, etc.
▪ The three types of permmagnetic, common and superconductive are broadly classified according to the magnet, and there are differences in the wiring of the three mr devices and the strength of the magnetic field is different. ▪ The market share of the global superconductor mr is increasing steadily, with 1.5 tmr having the largest holdings.
In the context of the increasing demand for the gradient mr, 3.0tr is gradually replacing 1.5tr. According to Quest, by the end of 2020, there were more than 50,000 mr systems installed worldwide, reaching $9.3 billion in 2020 and expected to reach 2030.
145.1 billion United States dollars, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.5 per cent. Figure 29: Global market size of mr equipment  China has become the largest mr market in the world, with an increase in mr holdings per capita. 2018, Japan, Japan,
In the United States, there are about 55.2 and 40.4 per million mr, respectively, and in China there are only about 9.7 per million mr in the same period.  The future 3.0tr will be the main growth point in China's mr market.
By 2020, the market size of China ' s mr had reached 8.92 billion yuan and was expected to grow to 24.42 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 10.6 per cent. Of this, in 2020, the Chinese market, 1.5t, and its policy of replacing national production with national production, accelerated the penetration of national production mr, with a marked advantage over national production.
The introduction of policies such as the Guidance for Health Promotion in the Pharmaceutical Industry, the Guidance Standards for the Review of Government Procurement of Imported Products, which require government procurement projects to procure, in principle, domestically produced products, and the gradual improvement of the ratio of State-owned equipment in public health-care institutions and the promotion of medical devices in a state of high national output
High-quality development process. There's a gap between the national product mr and overseas producers, but the low price of the national product and the very high value of the value of the value of the value of the market. Our primary health-care facilities are currently under-equipped, and the promotion of graded consultations is expected to stimulate additional equipment in hospitals.
Or upgrades of equipment, which will lead to market exposure at the lower and middle end of the country. Because of the limited budget of our basic hospitals, the price of the basic hospitals is more sensitive, so high-priced domestic equipment or will be welcome, according to an inquisitorial consultation, is in the top ranking of companies in China ' s overall mr market in 2020.
In the areas of superconducted mr, 1.5 tmr, 24% and 25% respectively, while in the high end 3.0t and above mr, FDI still dominates the main market, with 17% of the company’s market share. Companies are gradually upgrading their products in the mr, and the high end breakthroughs are expected to continue to bring about the future.
For the first time, the high-end product industry is expected to open up opportunities for future growth. The company provides users with smart, efficient, whole-body research, and medical transformation solutions through hardware system upgrades and extension of mr equipment.
The industry’s first 75-cm aperture product, 3.0tmr, emromega, has zero fluid helium volatilization technology, active/passive field-scaling technology,
Radiotherapy system (rt): mainstream treatment using a straight accelerator, integrated efficiency enhancement  medical straight accelerator is a mainstream radiotherapy device in the country and abroad.
The treatment of tumors using \alpha, \beta, \gamma rays and x-rays or accelerators of various types from radioisotopes, electrons, proton beams and other particle beams is the most important method of treatment for tumours.
Speeders and cobalt-based gamma blades, as well as small quantities of protons and heavy ion equipment in which medical straight-line accelerators can be widely applied to treatment of multiple parts of the body with primary or secondary tumours, generally clinically based on ct-image definition and planning of target areas for treatment, with a level of homogenous exposure to target areas.
The core components of the rt product include accelerator tubes, filamentars, power sources, modems and precision control modules and airborne image devices.
The treatment simulator (simulator) jointly completes the discharge process: first, the pathogen is located and sketched by a radiotherapy simulator, whereby the clinical physician designs the treatment programme; then the treatment plan system software generates the treatment plan according to the treatment programme; and finally, the treatment plan is implemented by the medical straight-line accelerator system;
The above-mentioned treatment plans and patient-related information are recorded and managed by the Oncology Information Management System.  The electron line accelerator for medical use can be divided into low-energy straight-line accelerators (4-6mev), medium-energy straight accelerators (8-14mev) and high-energy straight-line accelerators (15-).
The accelerator is the core component that determines the output energy of the straight-line accelerator, and the process of nationalization of the therapeutic equipment will become clear as the accelerator process progresses.
Low-energy, middle-energy, high-energy.
In addition to providing two X-rays, two X-rays are provided by high-energy machines, and only one X-ray is provided by low-energy machines.
Shooting for the treatment of deep tumors, and even individual products can provide for the treatment of deep tumors.
Power with 4-5 different energy levels, 3 x radiation, general electron irradiation, is an economically useful radioactivity.
Sub-radiation treatment of shallow tumours. The range can be divided into five to nine stages, extending the treatment device.
As a result of the expanded treatment, 85% of the treatments for surface tumours require radiotherapy.
The need for tumor patients in large and medium-sized oncology hospitals.
▪ The global market for radiative devices has grown steadily, reaching 6.8 per cent in gagr, and is projected to grow at a compound annual rate of 6.8 per cent in 2018, with global radiation projected by 2025, according to a businesswire market study, at $2.48 billion in 2018
The market for therapeutic equipment will reach $3.93 billion.  The market for Chinese therapeutic equipment grew faster than the global market, reaching 8.1% in gagr in 2020-2030, and the market for therapeutic equipment in China grew from 2.82 billion yuan in 2015 to 3.81 billion yuan in 2019.
In 2020, the impact of the epidemic was reduced to $2.9 billion, and the 2015-2020 average composite growth rate resulted in a wide gap in the holdings and planning levels of our electronic straight-line accelerators, with a total market space of 1,235 units remaining.
The 2020 large-scale medical equipment deployment plan, with a total of 3,405 electronic straight-line accelerators, with a market space of 1,235 and a high market potential, accounts for a major share of the rt market in the country, with the fifth largest share of low-energy therapeutic equipment in the company.
Ryan (who has been acquired by Siemens Medical Services) and Medical Koda, as leading companies for radiotherapy equipment, occupy the main share of the rt market in China, where high-energy devices are 98% cr2 and low-capacity devices 59%. Corporate products are ranked in China ' s market for low-capacity devices at 11.8% of the city ' s share.
Figure 42: Competition patterns for high-energy physiotherapy equipment in the country in 2020 Chart 43: Competition patterns for low-energy physiotherapy equipment in the country in 2020
The number of new cases of cancer in our country is rising from year to year, with 4.57 million new cases of cancer in 2020, and surgery, chemotherapy and radiation are the main treatment methods for cancer, of which 12 per cent are administered.
▪ The combination cost is relatively low in treatment for tumours, and there is still room for increase. About 70% of cancer patients require radiotherapy during treatment, and about 40% of cancers can be treated at the root. The cost of cancer treatment surgery is about twice as high as the cost of the combination of treatment in various treatment programmes.
For lower levels, and for the country, where there is a shortage of medical resources, the prevalence rate is low, the number of oral treatment facilities per million people is below WHO standards, and the market for medical treatment has a much higher scope. As demand for treatment facilities increases, the demand for accelerators will increase further.
The company develops the world’s first integrated ct-line accelerator, which is to destroy the oncological stoves under conditions that ensure maximum protection for normal tissues or organs of the human body. Therefore, the precise definition and sketching of the cancer target areas and the surrounding normal tissues are the basis for precision radiotherapy.
The first integrated diagnostic level cert-led accelerator technology integrates the diagnostic level ct with the accelerator in two axes, effectively responding to changes in the form of tumours in the whole course of treatment, and, at the same time, installing smart software that significantly improves the efficiency of medical personnel while ensuring accurate treatment.
In 2018, the company urt-linac 506c was certified as a third category medical device by the Nmpa Medical Devices Technical Review Centre, the world’s first integrated circ-line accelerator.
Figure 48: The company’s main rt product is technologically superior and has self-produced the main core components. The company has mastered the core technology of the integrated ct-guided straight accelerator system: integrated ct-image system integration technology
Image-guiding error within 0.5 mm; dosage algorithms and optimization algorithms that provide rapid, accurate tps treatment; high-dose-rate co-source double beam accelerator technology and dosage control technology that control the accuracy of exposure and reduce the radiation doses received by patients; dynamic multileaf raster technology that allows movement
X-ray imaging system (xr): A wide-ranging application, with some product market space yet to break through the x-ray imaging system (x-ray, short Xr) emits X-rays via a ballpipe and x-rays through X-rays.
The tissue of the human body is then received and produced by a detector, with different imaging patterns depending on the clinical application, including two-dimensional static imaging, two-dimensional dynamic imaging, three-dimensional fault imaging, and so on.
The xr equipment consists mainly of the human interactive system, the rack control system, the data-collection system and the image-gathering software.
X-ray signals and transmission storage. The image acquisition software reconstructs and reprocesses the data for medical diagnostics. xr is a modern medical foundational diagnostic device and is widely used in clinical diagnostics.
Clinical diagnosis of diseases in the chest, bone joints, breast, urinary and urinary systems, digestion, breathing, urinary and cardiovascular systems.
▪ Xr products can be divided into four main categories depending on their clinical use: digital medical X-ray imaging system (digitalradiography, dr): dr wide application to routine medical examinations and clinical diagnosis, the most extensive radiometric application of clinical applications
Digital breast x-ray imaging system (mammo): mammo is used mainly for screening and diagnosis of various breast diseases; mobile c-arm x-ray imaging system (mobile c-arm): mobile c-arms are used mostly for surgical purposes
(b) Angiography x-ray imaging system (dsa): dsa is mostly used for video guidance of various interventions in the heart, nerves, tumours, etc.
xr equipment can be divided according to the characteristics of its use: general x-ray machine (gxr): containing conventional dr, mobile dr, mammography and gastrointestinal machines, all for diagnosis of diseases by x-ray photography;
Interference x-ray machines (ixr): Mainly c-armed x-ray machines used for surveillance x-ray vision and photography during surgical operations. xr market, which is over $10 billion, is the largest market in Asia and the Pacific.
The size of the field is about $12.8 billion, and the Asia-Pacific region will continue to maintain its position as the world’s largest xr market owing to its large population. The global market is expected to reach its size in 2030, thanks to the movement of equipment, the acceleration of the global ageing process, and changes in the incidence of osteoporosis and cancer.
Figure 50: Size of the global xr equipment market in 2015-2030e (US$ billion) is currently not saturated in the country’s xr market, and demand for high-end products is driven by growth. As a result of the policy of graded consultations, subsidence market space is released at the grass-roots level; at the same time, the new crown epidemic has also contributed significantly to mobility.
In 2020, China’s xr market was about 12.38 billion yuan, and is expected to reach 20.6 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.2 per cent.
The future is expected to move in the direction of intelligence, mobility, and dynamic multifunctionality. At the same time, with sustained investment in technology research and development by national producers, the core technology of xr equipment is expected to become fully national in the future, and domestic equipment will penetrate high-end products.
In the xr sector, dr and dddr are largely nationalized, with dsa having a national production rate of less than 10%. Of these, the company is in China.
Dr's market share was 7.0 per cent, the second highest; China's mobile dr market was 19.3 per cent, the first; China's breast machine market was 8.0 per cent, and the fifth was ranked among national producers. Figure 53: Competition patterns in domestic mobile dr equipment in 2020
Figure 54: Competition patterns in breast machinery in the country in 2020, accounting for 9.1 per cent of all new cancer cases in the country and the fourth highest incidence. Breast cancer accounts for 19.9 per cent of all new cancer cases in the country ' s female population.
Breast X-ray screening is an important method of screening for breast cancer, and the breast X-ray imaging system is assigned to three levels of maternal and child health care.
In the 2022 edition, it is specified that breast X-ray screening is an important method of screening for breast cancer. We will intensify screening for breast cancer at the grass-roots level, promote early detection of breast cancer and improve women's health.
A breast x-ray imaging system. Chart 57: Breast cancer diagnostic process  company xr product line rich.
The 3-dimensional breast scan system umammo890i, the low dose of monocrystal silicon technology, the digital flatbed mobile carmumc56i, the 10 million pixel-grade fully-automatic suspended dr product udr 780i, the home-made dr product udr 370i, etc., has visual exposure control.
Remote control terminals with remote visualization exposure technology to enable real-time monitoring, voice guidance, remote udr parameter reconciliation, remote exposure, and to improve shot success
380ipro/380i with electrical propulsion and 47cm compact body design to facilitate the use of narrow spaces and by-board beds
Remote visualization exposure technology can monitor patient status while protecting operators from radiation and improve filming success.
Extremely usable environments that can be adapted to high temperatures, cold, altitude, humidity and salt, with water, dust, earthquake-resistant udr 330i equipment ready for use and transport
A fully automated digital dr, an intelligent one-key positioning function that improves clinical efficiency, carries a double-wireding large tablet that meets the general patient screening needs.
A fully automated, stand-alone collage that assists the clinical operation of spinal and lower limbs, a digital fieldd from the ground, with an automatic tracking function that enhances the efficiency of clinical work, and a double-wireding large tablet that meets the general patient screening needs.
A U-armdr with a wireless high-level flatbed with a smart one-key position function can improve clinical efficiency.
The company has developed metal implants on the basis of in-depth learning, other and graphic noise mitigation techniques that allow the precise detection of the area of metal implants in medical images, and reduce the interference of the image areas of the metal implants with the post-processing of images, while achieving low doses and high paints.
Like, so as to reduce the radiation dose. Moreover, based on the principles of layer-based imaging and filtering reverse projection algorithms, the Division has developed fault image reconstruction techniques to achieve three-dimensional fault imaging on the X-ray system. Molecular image system (mi) "The Top of the High Technology of Modern Medicine," technological barriers are extremely high.
Molecular image systems (moleculomaging, short mi) can show specific molecules at tissue level, cell level and subcell level, reflecting changes in molecular level in a living state, and thus conduct qualitative and quantitative studies of biological behaviour in the image. Molecular imaging techniques can detect cells during the disease.
and molecular abnormalities, exploration of the occurrence, development and fate of diseases (e.g. cancer, Parkinson syndrome) and evaluation of the effects of drugs and treatments.
, where the control table software controls the movement of the inspection bed and completes the ct or mr scan to generate the ct or mr image. The rack control system controls the pet system for scanning. The pet detector system captures the gamma ray signal from the electron tracer extinguishes in the human body.
Rebuilds the software for image reprocessing. mi products include pet/ct and pet/mr, which is a diagnostic function performed by pet integration ct or mr. Here, pet reflects the metabolism of the human cell to the positive electron trace drug from
Molecular-level observation of early functional changes in cells or tissues, with high sensitivity, speciality, and good quantification, suitable for early detection of disease cooks, and ct or mr can provide high-precision anatomy structure information for clinical diagnosis through the integration described above, and pet/ct and pet/mr can deal with the disease.
In the field of oncology, it is widely used for the detection of diseases such as lung cancer, breast cancer, intestinal cancer, ovarian cancer, lymphoma, melanoma, etc.
The diagnostic accuracy rate is more than 90%. This examination is an important guide to whether malignant neoplasms are being transferred and where they are being transferred, and to the extent to which the diagnosis of tumours is timed, whether surgery is required and surgically removed, which is known as the “top of the high technology of modern medicine”.
Pet/mr: Integration mr achieves diagnostic functions. More precise than pet/ct tests, which show soft tissue contrasts, and are more sensitive to vascular and soft tissue diseases. But equipment costs are growing at a steady scale in the global pet/ct market. From 2015 to 2020, the global pet/ct market
US$ billion, with annual compound growth of about 5.2%; the new crowning epidemic of 2020 has had a greater impact on the global economy, with high-end markets for medical equipment, including pet/ct, being more affected, and industry — the Asia-Pacific pet/ct market is at a rapid stage of development.
The Asia-Pacific pet/ct market is still developing rapidly, benefiting from higher-end medical demand, technological breakthroughs, and higher disposable income. The global market is expected to reach $5.8 billion in 2030, North America, Asia and the Pacific, and Europe will become a global market.
China’s pet/ct market is still in its early stages of development, with high market size growth rates. In 2020, China’s pet/ct market was about 1.32 billion yuan. In 2015-2020, China’s annual compound growth rate was as high as 2.41 pet/ct holdings per million people.
The total market size of the pet/ct is expected to be about RMB 5.34 billion, with the distribution of pet/ct being decentralized between 2020 and 2030, and the load expected to increase rapidly. Before 2018, the pet/ct belonged to Category A equipment, which was managed centrally by the National Health Council, limiting to some extent the use/ct in health care.
Promotion of public awareness of institutions; in April 2018, the Board issued a circular on the publication of a register of permits for large-scale medical equipment configurations (2018), which changed the list of items to type B equipment, and issued a certificate of approval from the Board to the provincial health departments, with a larger list of items in the health-care facilities.
China’s per capita holdings are extremely low, and there is much room for market growth. China’s per capita holdings are very low, and China’s per million population of only 0.61 in 2020.
At the level of developed countries, the United States has about 5.73 pets/cts per million people, Australia about 3.70 pets/cts per million people, and Belgium about 2.86 pet/cts per million people over the same period. As a result, the market for pet/ct has much room for growth.
▪ The global market for pet/mr equipment has grown steadily, with 40 or so installed in the country.
The presence of pet/mr leads to higher and more distant fields of scientific research, clinical and conversion medicine. From the dimensions of the loading, by the end of 2020, the global number of pet/mr units was around 200, mainly in North America, Europe and China, and China.
Pet/mr loads around 40 units; from the market size dimension, the global market size in 2020 is about $250 million, and is expected to grow to $1.23 billion in 2030, with the highest rate of domestic market participation in company pet/mr equipment. The market participants in our market include companies, companies, and companies.
Siemens and ge, the only producer of equipment in the country, and the first market share in 2020 (by number of new outlets). Figure 65: Competition patterns in China ' s pet/mr market, 2020 (by number of outlets)
The company ' s product can carry advanced post-treatment applications such as multi-model image integration, dynamic analysis, oncology tracking, brain analysis, and heart and chest analysis, providing accurate analysis for clinical treatment of tumours, nerves, and heart-related diseases. The company has introduced multi-sector leading products, including industry headlines with a total of 4d
The dynamic scanning function of the pet/ct product uexporer (total_x0002_body pet/ct), the integration of the national product pet/mr product upmr.790, the digitization of the national product tofpet/ct product umi780 and the national product pet/ct product umi510.
The company is a small number of companies in the country that have been registered as pet/ct products and have achieved full volume production. It has mastered technology such as detector development, electronics, reconstruction and control technology that can achieve high spatial differentiation, sensitivity and axle vision, full-body dynamic scanning, and technology is in the forefront of the industry.
High spatial resolution brings with it a high quality of diagnostic images that help clinically detect early pathogens, determine disease sequencing, develop treatment options, and track treatment effects. High sensitivity and large axial horizons can be effective in improving image quality and scanning speed.
A full-body dynamic scan can be used for individualized precision diagnostics, new drug development, and other clinical and scientific applications The company is the only company in the country with the capacity to develop and produce a quantity of pet/mr, and has achieved self-production of its core parts.
Advanced technologies, such as decay correction techniques, temperature control techniques and smart reconstruction algorithms, allow for soft tissue high-resolution imaging, low-radiation tests, and have some advantages in prostate cancer, breast cancer, liver insulin cervix, etc.
The next generation of product research and development projects, the Industrialization Fund for High-end Medical Video Equipment, the Marketing Services Network project, the Information Upgrading Project and the replenishment of liquidity are expected to enhance corporate profitability and finance on a continuous basis.
The company’s new product listings provide strong support for subsequent growth. A new generation of image-type products are expected to be marketed continuously, and the company’s product power and influence in the market is expected to continue to increase.
m-equipment, xr-equipment, rt-equipment. ▪ First 75cm large aperture 3.0tmr product umr, 2021 company industry, first 3.0tmr research product, umr890; first high-end clinical and scientific scene
The first 80 rows of clinical research products are on the market. Medium- and high-end products are expected to continue to drive corporate business breakthroughs, pull strong in the mr, ct fields, and, in the medium and long term, according to the company offer instructions, our high-end medical image equipment is still home-grown.
At a lower level, the company's research products, 5.0tmr and dsa, are expected to be marketed by the end of 2022, photon technology ct and liquid-free helium mr products are expected to be marketed by 2025, and the second generation of super-long axieties, pet/ct, are expected to be marketed by 2027.
The Division’s product structure, which is expected to grow at the same time as higher-end products are being released.  We believe that higher-end product penetration in the company’s own country + continued penetration of low-end products + overseas market movement, and that the market is expected to expand at a later stage as the product class of the company becomes more abundant and income is expected to grow.
Cost of R & D: Companies are innovative R & D firms that keep high R & D inputs on a year-to-year basis, mainly for product replacements and breakthroughs in key technologies, with 5.0 tmr, dsa, photon count
Research on new products such as spectrometers, simulations, etc., is expected to increase in absolute terms from year to year, and we expect a certain decline in R & D rates due to the rapid increase in income.  We choose a relative valuation method, with three comparable companies valuing the company.
Soft conglomerates, start-ups, leading companies in the medical equipment industry, with some operational overlaps with companies, while the future is expected to benefit from the trend of alternative national production.  We believe that companies are the market’s rare and high-quality target, with a certain value premium for innovation.
Figure 72: Comparable company valuation  Core parts depend on the risk of outsourcing: there is a risk of unstable supply of the core components produced by the company.
As global trade frictions and geopolitical risks have increased over the years, the negative policies adopted by these countries to restrict the export of the core components that companies need to produce may result in companies not being able to import enough of these cores and the risks of internationalization and business expansion: companies have continued to deploy overseas markets in recent years with higher rates of revenue growth
Rapidly, overseas operations are expected to grow or be affected if, in the course of internationalization operations, they are affected by frictions in international trade or geopolitical influences.
The risk of technological innovation in a product is not sustainable if the company fails to properly judge the development of new technologies, new products and new applications, resulting in the company ' s products not meeting market demand.
There is a risk of technological upgrading. Limitations that prevent companies from developing new products as planned, from industrialization in research projects, or from developing new products that do not have a competitive advantage in terms of technology, performance, cost, etc., may affect the company’s presence in the city.
Low level of competition in the field, resulting in lower profitability than expected. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: