Joint video medicine (688271.sh)
Prices per share issued: $109.88 Video equipment: high technical barriers, foreign monopoly of high-end market failure in the sense that (1) industry space is large: in 2020, the global market for medical video equipment was $43 billion, and the market size of the equipment was 43 billion dollars.
Central China RMB 53.7 billion, or 3.3 per cent and 12.4 per cent, respectively, for the period 2015-2020; and pre-arranged (2) competition: the medical equipment industry has the highest technical barriers to medical imaging equipment, gps, etc. Foreign investors monopolize our high-end markets: some of the good national firms have been able to bend through technological innovation.
Overcarriage, with the prospect of moving towards the goal of running side by side with international brands.
China’s video equipment market is expected to open up new opportunities with a two-wheel drive of policy dividends (encouraging graded consultations, freeing up social care, and untying of the configuration license). Joint film medicine: a sword for ten years, from catching up to cutting over and gradually leading the industry’s innovation.
(1) Critical technology autonomy: To break the status quo of core components that are “strung necks”, companies focus on core components such as high-power components, self-produced magnets, radio frequencies, gradients, spectrometers, detectors, acceleration tubes, multileaf rasters, etc., which constantly introduce new, performance-related components into the product
The “joint speed” that continues to break through provides a solid foundation. (2) Product upgrading is on the higher end: the company has constructed a full product line layout covering mr, ct, xr, pet/ct pet/mr, rt, etc., with product performances comparable to those of international manufacturers such as shoulder gps, and
A number of “industry firsts” and “nationals first” innovative research and development have been achieved, and efforts have been made to hit high-end markets, resulting in a substantial increase in the volume of equipment sold.
Technology and products strengthen the customer base, expand distribution channels, increase market coverage, customer satisfaction, brand influence, and market share are steadily rising, and core products are ranked at the forefront of the industry. Moreover, they actively participate in international competition, move forward with offshore business development, and explore global markets for gold.
Joint film medicine: full ownership of core technology, risk of performance fluctuations resulting from the surge in video equipment, risk of short-term stockouts or higher costs of outsourcing components, risk of increased competition in the city, policy risks of centralized procurement, tax incentives, impact of government subsidies
UIMS: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to the top, core technology to the top, core technology to the top, core technology to the top, core technology to the top, core technology to the top, core technology to the top.
Corporate Investment Values Study, joint video medicine: core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to the peak, and core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to the peak.
Corporate profile: From catching up to going beyond, gradually leading industrial innovation: (i) The journey to development: 10 years of sharpening, medical imaging equipment for pregnancy, and the company was established on 21 March 2011 to provide high-performance medical imagery equipment for global clients.
The company’s headquarters are located in Shanghai, while regional headquarters and research and development centres have been set up in the United States of America, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Poland, etc., and a global network of research, development, production and services has been established in Shanghai, Changzhou, Wuhan, and Houston.
Since its inception, the company has been engaged in intensive research and development on core technologies in large medical equipment such as medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products. After years of work, the company has built diagnostic products such as mr, ct, xr, pet/ct, pet/mr, radiotherapy products such as conventional rt, ct-guided rt, and motion.
The entire product line layout, including life science instruments such as mr, animal pet/ct, meets the need for pre-clinical research from diagnosis to treatment.
The company has achieved a number of “industry firsts” and national production firsts, including Total-bodypet/ct.
Integrated pet/mr, 320 rows of ultra-high ct, integrated ct-linac straight-line accelerator, hyper-aperture 3.0t magnetic resonance, etc., with highly competitive technologies and products to strengthen the customer base and upgrade the market position.
(ii) Financial profile: the country's most important instrument is the opportunity of the times, and the sales performance section is on the rise The company achieved a gross operating income of $7,254 million in 2021, resulting in a net profit of $1,417 million for the mother, excluding non-net profits Industrial development and policy dividends, as well as business opportunities arising from the upgrading of video equipment; (2) the company combines its technology
The advantages of innovation, brand abundance, marketing networks, etc., have been forged to consolidate and capture market share; (3) the new crown epidemic has led to an increase in demand for company-related medical equipment (in 2020 and 2021, anti-epidemic-related orders contributed to the company ' s revenues billions of yuan, an increase of 8.46 per cent compared with the increase of 8.46 per cent, and the increase in the rate of income has been mainly due to increased staff salaries and sales promotion costs).
The revenue structure includes, inter alia, the sale of medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment, the provision of maintenance income and software income. (1) Income from the sale of medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment as a percentage of income from the main business.
In more than 88 per cent of cases, it is the core income block that leads to overall income growth; of these, the gradual increase in the stock of mr, ct and xr products as products in the end-user market has led to a rapid increase in corporate income from insurance operations; and, in addition, high-quality insurance services can add value to the company when the end-user considers purchasing the product, thereby facilitating the sale of the product.
In terms of regional distribution, the company's sales revenue area is dominated by internal sales, and since its inception, marketing and promotion activities have been concentrated mainly in the East China region, taking into account radiation effects and the level of medical development.
This reflects the concentration of sales revenues in the regions of East, South, South-West, North and Central China, where sales account for more than 80 per cent of the main business and regional sales are more stable; and the majority of sales abroad include countries/areas such as the United States, Europe, Africa, Japan, South-East Asia.
In terms of profitability, the impact of scale increases as companies increase their sales: in 2018-2021, the overall Māori rate, net interest rates are rising year by year, while there is a downward trend in the cost rate over the period, with a marked decline in the cost of sales in 2020 mainly due to the new crown epidemic, which limits some travel activities.
The company ' s combined Māori rate was 49.42 per cent in 2021; closer to Vandong Medical Care, its medical imaging products were mainly dr products, mr products, dsa products, digital gastrointestinal products and ct products, with a combined Māori rate of 44.10 per cent in 2021: medical image products lower than Mári ' s, mainly ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging
Systems and pacs, with a Māori rate of 66.34 per cent in 2021 for medical imaging products.
Prior to the launch, Xue was actually controlling Xue Min, with the controlling shareholder being the joint film group. Before the launch, Xue was actually holding 23.14% of the company’s voting rights, Xue was actually holding 8.31% of the company’s voting rights through the Shanghai Shadow Illustration and 0.43% of the company’s voting rights through the Shanghai Shadow Illustration.
Mr. Xue Min, male, born in 1957, Chinese nationality, with no right of permanent residence abroad.
The equipment industry is engaged in research and development, management, consulting, etc.: from the beginning of 2018 to the end of September 2020, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Joint Films Group; and from 2019 to the present, as Chairman of the Joint Film Group. Other businesses under the control of Mr. Xue Min include Shanghai Wisdom (for medical imaging and diagnostic services), Shanghai Smart (an artificial intelligence algorithm), Wu Han Ji-Hung (a robot for surgery, 3d printing implants, etc.)
Medical level wearable equipment, etc.), Shanghai microelectronics (high-end digital combination chip, simulation of front-end chip products, special low-power chip, medical edge ai chip, etc.)
In addition, the company has three State-owned shareholders, namely, Shanghai Union (SAU) and China Wind and Hubeiko. According to the approval issued by the Shanghai Municipal State Property Control Board in January 2021 on matters related to the management of the national shareholder identification of Shanghai Union Medical Science and Technology Co. Ltd. (No. 13), the Shanghai Federation and the holding companies have 13,495.96 million shares, or 18.64 per cent of the shares;
On 31 December 2021, there were 830 owners of the company's shareholding plan.
By the end of 2021, the company had 24 holding companies (of which 10 were domestic companies and 14 companies absorbed industry talent in the context of globalization and formed professional groups with senior industry management and technical experience).
Among them, Mr. Zhang is the president, director-general of the company, and the executive partner of the Staff Holding Platform.
Year after year, he won the Shanghai Award for Leadership in Medical Equipment and the National Award for Scientific and Technological Progress for 2020.
(b) From 2011 to 2020, he was Director-General of the Department of Limited and Vice-President of the Ministry of Quality and Quality Management;
As of 31 December 2021, the company had more than 2,000 research and development personnel, representing a percentage of its total workforce. At the end of the reporting period, the company had obtained more than 1,700 patents for authorized inventions, including domestic patents for inventions.
In addition, the company has taken the lead in nearly 40 national and provincial research and development projects, including nearly 20 major national science and technology projects, and has won the National Science and Technology Progress Award 1 in 2020 and the Shanghai Science and Technology Advancement Award in 2020.
First prizes, first prizes for the quality of priority products in Shanghai 2020, the 21st China International Industrial Fair Award, the China Patent Award, the 18th China Patent Gold Award and the 2017 Chinese Trademark Gold Award.
ii. Integrated and integrated medical imaging equipment, with all products ranked 1, with the highest technical barriers to video equipment in medical devices, and high-speed development dividends for high-quality national enterprises, “technology upgrades + import replacements”
Global ageing, rising chronic diseases, and rising health spending have led to an expansion of the global market for medical devices, which has been accelerated by the new crown epidemic. The global market for medical devices was already over $440 billion in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 4.3% for the period 2015-2020; in vitro diagnostic reagents, cardiovascular equipment, and others.
China’s market for medical devices was already close to 780 billion yuan in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 20.0% for the period 2015-2020. The medical equipment industry is expected to continue to grow well at a high rate in the future, and to move from medium- and low-end to high-end products.
Joint film medicine: Core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to its peak
The purpose of the guide is to record the signal intensity distribution of human feedback through the application to the human body of a variety of physical signals, including visible light, x-rays, ultrasounds, powerful magnetic fields, to form images and allow doctors to interpret the structure of the human body, the pathological information.
Depending on the purpose, medical imaging equipment can be divided into diagnostic image equipment and therapeutic image equipment, diagnostic image equipment, depending on the signal, into magnetic resonance imaging (mr) equipment, x-ray computer fault scan imaging (ct) equipment, x-ray imaging (xr) equipment, molecular image (mi) equipment, ultrasound (us) equipment, etc.; therapeutic images, etc.
The equipment can be divided into digital migraine imaging equipment (dsa) and targeted radiation equipment (bone c-arm).
The market for Chinese medical imagery will continue to grow, reaching 53.7 billion yuan in 2020 and compounding growth in the period 2015-2020, driven by a two-wheel drive of market demand (increased population ageing, new infrastructure for medical care, increased public health awareness) and policy dividends (encouraging grade care, liberalization of social care, untying of the licensing system).
In comparison with the world, our medical imaging industry has been characterized by low concentration, small size of enterprises, and low levels of domestic production in the upper and middle markets.
Over the years, it has accumulated brand advantages, channel advantages and technological advantages, monopolizing our market for high-end medical imaging equipment; in the high-end market for such products as pet/ct, mr, and ct, imported brands have held over 90% of the market share.
Figure 26: The high-end medical equipment industry is very late, far behind the developed world, the first in the world, the first in the world.
First in the world, first in the world, first in the world.
The medical x-ray machine was born, the whole body was born, the 1.5t superconducted magnetic resonance was born.
PET/ct was born, integrated Pete/mr was born, China's first 1.5t superconductor.
China's first instalment digitized, China's first, China's first, China's first.
China's first tofpet/ct product, magnetic resonance was born.
The pet/mr product x light machine is born, the whole body is born.
Figure 27: Domestic and international comparisons of high-end medical equipment per million population
Figure 28: Comparison of the performance of joint cinema medicine with that of comparable companies. In recent years, as a result of progress in the overall level of research and development of domestically produced medical equipment, core product technologies have been phased out, product quality and slogans have risen, import substitution of national product plates has become more evident, and the market share of imported brands has declined.
Some national producers, through technological innovation, have been able to achieve the goal of turning the wheels (e.g., by mastering research and development capabilities for nuclear-heart components such as magnetic resonance magnets, volt tubes, etc.) and are expected to enjoy the double dividend of high industry growth and import substitution, moving towards the goal of running side by side with international brands.
Joint Film Medical Care: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to its peak
Medical video equipment Medical video equipment Chinese market size (millions of yuan)
Joint film medicine: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to its peak, 2, integrated and integrated organization of the company, and many products are ranked as industry leaders. As of April 2022, companies have accumulated more than 80 products to the market, including MRI systems (mr),
X-ray computer fault scan systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), molecular image systems (pet/ct, pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator systems (rt) and life sciences instruments. In the field of digital diagnostics, companies provide joint video-medical cloud services based on the framework of the UDCUS system, together with equipment and application of cloud synergies and medical resources.
Hen, providing integrated solutions for end-users, like the system (mi), which combines sales data from life science instruments with medical video equipment, companies have for many years insisted on core technological autonomy, continuously upgrading and expanding product lines while at the market.
The end continues to increase brand influence, expand marketing channels, increase market coverage, market share and customer satisfaction are steadily rising, and the product rankings of mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and dr are at the forefront of the industry.
On the one hand, the segmented market leadership that companies have acquired, coupled with the State’s policy support to encourage the import of domestically produced equipment to replace the related policies, has led to a rise in the headline effect of national production and, as technology, talent, and brand effects have converged, have made them more visible, thus further opening up new business opportunities for companies.
On the other hand, there is still a gap between the company ' s foreign competitors in terms of market share of 3.0tmr, market share of 64 rows and above, market share of other types of xr and foreign market share, and there is still much room for growth in the future.
The company’s product lines cover high-end medical imagery diagnostic products and radiotherapy products, with integrated diagnostic layout and coverage broadly consistent with international manufacturers such as ge, Siemens, Philips, etc. (Note: Siemens medical acquired Varian, the producer of therapeutic devices in 2021, and the upper table included the Varian product line in the Siemens medical product line)
(i) Magnetic Resonance Imaging System (mr): the city has the highest share, with a large number of products being the first in the industry or the first in the country.
The magnetic resonance imaging system (mr) is a device that uses atomic nuclei (primarily helium protons) in human waters to recreate tissue or organ imaging in a strong magnetic field. The magnetic resonance imaging is a device that uses atomic nuclei (mainly helium protons) in humans to recreate tissue or organ imaging.
If helium protons are inspired by magnetic resonance, after the pulse is stopped, the atomic core produces mr signals during the hysteria, and eventually processes image information through the reception of mr signals, space coding, and image reconstruction. mr has no radiation effects and has a higher soft tissue resolution, especially for the brain, as opposed to xr and ct.
Organizational imaging; mr's image resolution is higher than ultrasound and can show more detail; mr's ability to show physical changes than other imaging techniques, mr's ability not only to show physical changes, but also to make precise determinations of functional reactions such as brain, heart, liver, etc., can play an important role in the diagnosis of diseases such as Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer, etc.
Joint film medicine: core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to its peak. Chart 39: The workings of the MRI system have been over 50,000 globally since the first mr system was launched in the early 1980s and by the end of 2020.
The mr system is installed and used in different areas, reaching $9.3 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach $14.51 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.5 per cent. As countries increase their R & D investment in mr, mr research and industrialization continue to grow rapidly, systems are new and new performances are improving and applications are continuing.
In 2018, Japan and the United States had about 55.2 and 40.4 per million mr, respectively, while the country had about 9.7 per million mr in the same period, with a significant gap as clinical and scientific needs continued to rise.
In addition, advances in medical science and technology have contributed to the development of medical diagnostic technology, and China has become the fastest growing market for mr worldwide. In 2020, the market in China mr was 8.92 billion yuan, and is expected to grow to 24.42 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 10.6 per cent.
(Note: inner ring is 2020 and outer ring is 2030) Magnetics begin with a low field of permanence with a field strength of 0.2-0.5 t, and as society ' s requirements for the quality of medical images continue to rise, yes.
mr, the most extensive clinical application of medical video equipment, has further improved its imaging quality requirements, which has prompted the upgrading of low field permanence mr to 1.5t superconduct mr, or more, 3.0tmr. From the dimensions of the global market, superconduct mr is gradually becoming the mainstream product, of which 1.5tmr is currently the most maintained, with the replacement of 1.5tmr by 3.0tmr.
Only some multinational companies and joint cinema medicine worldwide have the core technology and full-life capacity of 3.0t and above. In 2020, China ' s market of 1.5t and below was about 74.9% medium- and low-end mr, 3.0t high-end mr, or 25.0%, and the future 3.0tr is expected to be the main growth point in China ' s mr market, which will be in 2030.
According to the number of new outlets, in 2020 joint film medicine was the largest mr equipment manufacturer in the Chinese market, leading the interstate manufacturer. In the 1.5tmr equipment market in China, and in the China superconductor mr equipment market, the company market was ranked as the largest.
All of them were first; in China, the company was the only domestic company in the 3.0t and above mr equipment market, and the market took possession of joint film medicine: core technology was fully autonomous, leading video equipment to its peak. Figure 45: China ' s competition pattern of 3.0t and above and 1.5tmr in 2020
The main trends in industrial technology are: increasing the strength of the system ' s main magnetic field, increasing gradient performance, digital high-channel spectrometer performance, and high imaging clarity: using new data collection and re-establishing algorithms, increasing the speed of scanning images: developing large apertures, low noise systems, improving the comfort: checking the process with artificial intelligence technology enabling it to optimize the flow of work.
In 2021, the company generated 1,529 million yuan from sales of the company's mr series of products.
The second largest income-contribution block, with a revenue share of 21.08 per cent; a breakdown of products comprising 1.5t (including 1.43t) and 3.0t production, the use of new technologies and the self-production of some components, led to a steady increase in the Māori rate.
(a) With regard to the market segment of 1.5t, the company’s earlier introduction of umr560, which has become the company’s main product since it came to the market.
With the establishment of good market reputations in public and private hospitals and the peak sales in 2018, the company launched a new generation of umr 580 and umr 588 as 1.5t main push product in 2018, and a differentiated low-field product, umr 586, in 2019, with successive new product rolls contributing more strongly to the growth of 1.5t products.
(2) 3.0t with regard to the market segment, after years of research and development and brand build-up in the mr area, the market's preconceived view of imported medical equipment, the increasing level of technical and product acceptance in end-care institutions, the widespread acceptance of company 3.0t products in high-level hospitals in the country, and the growing wealth of product-specific regulations by companies,
The company has independently designed, developed and manufactured high-field superconductor magnets (the main raw material of the magnet is liquid helium taken out), high-performance gradient circles, high-density radio frequency loops, multi-channel distributed spectrometers and mr imaging software and advanced levels.
Technology indicators are at the forefront of the industry. On behalf of products such as emromega, umr 880, there are greater apertures compared to comparable products in the market, higher gradient fields and switching rates, as well as radio frequency receiving loops that cover multiple parts of the body, and overall improvements in patient detection experience and detection effectiveness.
The company has launched multi-moderated mr products such as 1.5t, 3.0t, and has also started research and development of super high field 5.0t products to meet the needs of different segmented markets ranging from basic clinical diagnosis to high-end scientific research.
Corporate Investment Values Study Joint Film Medicine: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to the peak. 1. New super high field supermagnetism, significant upgrades in MRI resolution and letter.
Superhigh field superconductor magnetism, superhigh field, 2. New generation multi-channel independent control of radio frequency (RF) structures and HF power magnification
2. Ultra-high field magnetic resonance multi-channel transmitters to improve image quality and achieve multi-point clinical application
3. New ultra-high field functional imaging, metabolic imaging, rapid high-resolution imaging technology, 3. Ultra-high field magnetic resonance imaging technology, breaking magnetic resonance resolution limits and leading new directions in MRI clinical research
Joint cinema: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to the peak (ii) x-ray computer fault scan system (ct): number one in the city, product cover, full coverage
1. The company has 24 per cent of the market, 64 rows and above, and still has a large national production replacement space x-ray fault imaging system (computetomography, short-cut), which sends x-ray beams through a ballpipe, scans a part of the human body in conjunction with a high sensitivity detector, using different tissues of the human body.
The absorption of the rays differs from the pass rate by creating a transect or stereo image of the examined area after computer-transformation processing (a scaffolding of the faultal image layer to form a stereoimage) and thus detecting changes in the tissue or organ of the human body.c The ct has the characteristics of time-scanning, with a clear image, which can be used for the examination of multiple diseases and is achieved at a global hospital.
It's broadly configured. The dr, ct, is a computer reprocessing, and then it can be reconstructed in three dimensions, which is more suitable for a full-body examination, more precise in size, scope, nature than Dr, more specific in diagnosis, more detailed in joint cinema medicine: the core technology is fully self-controllable, leading the image equipment up to its peak.
Figure 53: The working principles of the x-ray computer fault imaging system have entered a relatively mature period from the dimensions of the global market, the developed markets in Europe and the United States, and the major growth drivers in the global ct markets have come from the Asia-Pacific region. By 2020, the market size of the global ct system was about $13.53 billion.
In 2030, about $21.54 billion will be achieved, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.8 per cent; of this, market size in the Asia-Pacific region, combined video medicine: full ownership of core technology, leading video equipment to peak
In 2019, China held about 18.2 per million ct per million, about one third of every million ct in the United States, with a larger growth space. In 2019, the Chinese ct market was about 11,76 billion yuan, and in 2020, driven by the strong demand generated by the new crown epidemic, the Chinese ct market reached its size.
About 17,270 million yuan, expected to reach 29.5 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.3 per cent. After more than a decade of accumulation, the national production of the national production of the dominant ct-type was officially achieved by around 2010, with technological breakthroughs leading to rapid development of the medical video equipment industry.
The national production rate has exceeded 50%, while the national production rate for 64 and above is less than 10%. It is expected that high endcts above 64 and economic models for sunk markets will be the main growth points in China’s market (currently leading industry producers can cover 16 to 320 rows of ct products, with domestic producers predominantly below 64 rows of ct).
The following ccs have achieved 65% national production, with companies ranked first in terms of market ownership, while 64 and above have only 35% national production, and the company market is ranked fourth.
(Note: Based on the number of new sales outlets) The main trends in industrial technology are: increased quantitative analysis of clinical diagnosis through spectrometry and injection functions, through fit-for-tester profiles and the design of dose parameters, combined with the re-establishment of algorithm updates, reduction of scan doses during examination and low-dose scans.
Tools to widen the ct clinical application landscape; to improve the detection capacity of small cookstoves by optimizing the performance of ball tubes and high voltage generators; to reduce motor forgery; to improve the ability to distinguish cardiovascular images; and so on. 2 - to achieve coverage of 16-to-320 rows of ct products and self-research the main core components.
The company has introduced 16-to-320 lined and lined products covering both clinical and economic products and high-end research products that meet the diverse needs of disease screening, clinical diagnosis, and scientific research.
Joint film medicine: Core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to a peak
In the external environment, the impact of the new coronary epidemic has led to the sale of the company ' s anti-epidemic products in vehicles and squares: in addition, the epidemic has contributed to the acceleration of infrastructure and equipment upgrading in support of health-care institutions and to the improvement of health-care institutions at all levels.
(b) Procurement needs for ct products. (2) On the inside, with strong combined R & D capabilities, companies are constantly rolling out ct products that satisfy market demand, and the number of products sold has increased from 9 in 2019 to 15 in 2021, and further steps have been taken to enhance sales and channel coverage, leading to rapid growth in sales.
The company was set up in 2011 at a time when the country's two-lines were upgraded to 16 lines, and it won a high market share in the country's 16th row; then, with the change in the configuration policy of 64 rows and above, the hospital ct
The configuration has been further upgraded, with more extensive clinical applications as 64 rows and above can be used to scan organs, such as the heart, and the market share of this segment has gradually expanded. The company’s share in the 64 rows and above ct market has been rising, with good market speakers laid in 16 rows, and has taken advantage of the trend to produce ultra-high-end ct products.
Joint film medicine: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment up to the peak. The company has acquired research and development and production capacity for high-speed racks and high-speed image processing using probes, ball tubes, high-pressure generators and video processing, and has achieved self-production for the main core components of ct. utc 780, utc 960+, etc.
The tablet ct products have a clear clinical advantage: (1) by optimizing the performance of the ball tubes and high-pressure generators, by improving the ability of small cooker detection, reducing the prostheses of motion, and improving the ability of cardiovascular image separation: (2) low-dose scanning can be achieved in conjunction with the updating of algorithms.
Corporate value studies, joint film medicine: core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to peaks.
Joint Film Medical Care: Core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to peak (iii) x-ray imaging equipment (xr): Dr has the second highest rate, positive layout dsa 1, company dr, mobile dr, 7%, 19%, mammography and dsa have a lower rate of national production
The X-ray imaging system (x-ray, short Xr) sends X-rays through a ballpipe, x-rays penetrate human tissue, and is woven by detectors to receive and generate images of the human body, with different imaging patterns depending on the clinical application, including two-dimensional static imaging, two-dimensional dynamic imaging, three-dimensional fault imaging, etc.
Chart 65: The working principles of the x-ray imaging system xr can be used for screening, diagnosis, and visual guidance for surgical and interventional procedures, including thoracic, osteoporosis, breast diseases, urinary and urinary system stones, digestion, respiratory, urinary and cardiovascular system diseases.
The global market is about $12.8 billion in 2020, and the Asia-Pacific region, with its large population, will continue to maintain its position as the world’s largest xr market.
The acceleration of the global ageing process, changes in the incidence of osteoporosis and cancer, among other things, is expected to reach $20.27 billion in Xr in 2030, with a complex annual growth rate of 5.3 per cent, with the introduction of a graded diagnostic policy and the release of subsidence market space at the grass-roots level; at the same time, the new coronary epidemic has also been powerful.
Annual market size will reach 20.6 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.2%, and China’s xr equipment is expected to evolve in the future in the direction of intelligence, mobility, and dynamic multifunctionality, as clinical demands for precision, ease, and efficiency of xr equipment are increasing. Meanwhile, the country’s self-research and innovation capacity for product brands is increasing, with many domestic manufacturers taking the lead.
Production of core components such as tablet detectors, high-pressure generators, x-ray tubes, and key imaging technology are not expected to fully automate national production, and domestic equipment will penetrate high-end products.
Thanks to the support of national policies, the Xr market has seen a steady increase in domestic production over the past decade, with dr and mobile dr equipment being largely nationalized, with dsa having a low national production rate of 10% and dsa having a low national production rate of 10%. According to the number of new outlets, the company has a pre-industrial rate of dr and mdr and mammography.
The current X-ray image is mainly based on 2d images, and there is still some difficulty in accurate diagnosis through xr images due to an overlap of tissues. In terms of radiation doses, X-rays themselves generate radiation, and some clinical scenes require doctors to perform under radiation.
In addition, xr clinical examination placements are usually based on the experience of technicians, with a high degree of uncertainty, which affects imaging quality. The main trends in industry technology are: (1) automation; simplification through automated electrical control, remote control and machine visuals.
Work flow, increasing automation of operations; (2) three-dimensionalization: 3d imaging through technology such as fault scans, conical beams, etc., with a view to improving the accuracy of high-image diagnostics: (3) precision: innovation through technology for core system components, imaging physics to technology for image processing and reconstruction; reduction of radiation doses, improvement of image quality, and precision diagnosis at low-dose levels.
The company produces multi-money X-ray imaging equipment that covers dr, mammo and mobile c-arm systems, among others.
With $494 million in revenue, the previous two years had been the third largest revenue contributor to the company. New product R & D capabilities and rich product lines had allowed the company to remain somewhat dynamic in the relatively competitive xr market; the surge in demand for mobile dr procurement caused by the epidemic in 2020 had further boosted sales growth;
In 2021, the drop in sales of Dr was mainly due to the return to normal demand for Dr’s purchases after the epidemic subsides.
Since the launch of the first xr product in 2016, the company has introduced the first home breast tridimensional scanning system, umammo 890i, low-dose digital flatbed mobile c-armumc56i, 10-million pixel-grade fully automatic dr product, udr 780i, and the first home-grown mobile dr product with visual exposure control.
The company has acquired high-pressure generator technology through self-research, which has now been produced and used in some of the products, thus contributing to an increase in the product ' s Māori ratio.
High-frequency reverse technologies reduce the volume of products to meet the space needs of end-users: (2) reduce the dose of the output spin so as to optimize exposure and improve image quality; (3) increase the transition speed of the kv output pulse and reduce the inert radiation dose, thereby reducing the radiation dose received by the low-tester.
Corporate Investment Value Study, Joint Film and Health: A fully autonomous core of technology, leading video equipment to the peak.
Combined video medicine: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to its peak. Xr equipment of the company is fully equipped with automated electro-control, remote manipulation and machine visuals, simplifying workflows and increasing the automation of operations; 3d imaging is done with fault scans, cone beams, etc., and can be used for low-agents.
Accurate diagnostics. Representative products such as mammo 890i, udr 380ipro, and udr 780ipro are more relevant than comparable products on the market. In addition, companies are actively layout dsa products in the xr product line.
(iv) Molecular image equipment (mi): the city is the first with a heavy pound of new products driving a high-speed increase, the company pet/ct, pet/mr have 32 per cent, 50 per cent, etc., the pet/ct configuration certificate molecular image system (molecurariging, short mi) can show tissue levels, cells and subcell water.
Molecular imaging techniques can detect abnormal levels of cells and molecules in the course of disease, explore the occurrence, development and fate of disease (e.g. cancer, Parkinson syndrome) and evaluate the effects of drugs and treatment.
The active-fired computer fault scan (positronemmissiontomography) is a diagnostic imaging technique for sub-image clinical examinations. The distribution of positive electron marker drugs in humans is imaged to reflect the functional metabolism of human organs at molecular levels, thereby achieving diagnostic purposes.
The mi products of joint cinema medicine include pet/ct and pet/mr, which are diagnostic functions performed by pet integration ct or mr. In it, .pet can reflect the metabolism of human cells to positive electron trace drugs.
In combination, pre-hospital care can be achieved by pet/ct and pet/mr. Joint cinema medicine: core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to peaks.
Chart 79: The working principles of the molecular image system (1) is typically represented by the pet/ct device, which scans the images in combination with the anatomical structure of ct scans, images and pet-based metabolic images, which are sensitive, accurate, unique and well-positioned and can be distributed early.
As a high-end medical image system, pet/ct has an indispensable advantage in tumor diagnosis, precision medicine, and clinical medicine research. With a global market size of $3.10 billion in 2020, industry growth will slow slightly, mainly as a result of a slight slowdown.
The new crown epidemic of 2020 has had a major impact on the global economy, with high-end medical equipment markets, including pet/ct, being heavily affected. Developed countries in Europe and the United States have entered a relatively mature market: benefiting from higher-end medical demand, technological breakthroughs, and higher disposable income, the Asia-Pacific market of pet/ct is still growing rapidly.
The global market size of the pet/ct market is expected to reach $5.80 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 6.5 per cent;
At the level of developed countries, the pet/ct market still has much room for growth. Before 2018, the pet/ct belonged to Category A equipment managed by the National Health Board, which limited to some extent the spread of the pet/ct in health-care institutions; In April 2018, the Board issued a directory on the management of the licensing of large-scale medical equipment configurations (2018).
In 2030, China is expected to have 2.41 units per million people, and the market size of China's net/ct is expected to increase rapidly.
(2) Molecular image equipment also includes pet/mr. Pet/mr is an ultra-high-end device that combines the medical image fields of the pet with mr, which allows for a full body scan and the discovery of a transvestite of the original hair stove and of the entire body's organs, leading to an early and accurate diagnosis and analysis of malignant tumours.
From the point of view of loading, by the end of 2020, the global capacity of the pet/mr system was around 200, mainly in North America, Europe and China, and the Chinese number of pet/mr was about 40; from the market size, the global market size of the pet/mr was around 2020.
For $250 million, it is expected to grow to $1.23 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 17.0 per cent.
The main market participants are Siemens Medical, ge Medical, Philip Medical and Coca-Visual Medicine. According to the number of new outlets, the company has been on the market since the introduction of the pet/ct product.
The Chinese market was ranked first in four consecutive years; at the same time, the company was the only equipment producer in the country and the market was ranked first in 2020 (in terms of the number of new outlets). In the design of the system, digital technology based on siliconphotomultiplier (sipm) could be improved
The spatial resolution, sensitivity, and numeracy characteristics of molecular image systems are becoming more widely available in the industry, with digital pet/ct products being introduced by major manufacturers in the industry, and a few pet/mr products being digitized. In clinical applications, artificial intelligence algorithms are being applied to image reprocessing to improve image processing speed and effectiveness.
In the mi area, including pet/ct and pet/mr, it is expected to evolve in the future in the direction of integration, advanced algorithms, etc., with the upgrading of ct and mr and the technological excellence of molecular images. The main trends in industrial technology are: the ability to detect early and transfer cooks, including through the development of new and more sensitive detectors; and the development of electronics with better flight time performance and numerical characteristics.
The above technological developments allow precision diagnosis and individualization of the combination: core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to peaks.
2. A small number of companies in the country that produce whole amounts of pet/ct, the only national product plate in the market of pet/mr. In 2021, revenues from sales of the company ' s series of company mi were $1,040 million, exceeding xr ' s income of the company ' s third largest income panel, at 14.34 per cent; the breakdown of products included analog and digital mi, which were dominated by the number mi;
With higher technical barriers to the digital mi and a slightly higher Māori rate than other products, the income share has increased, leading to a high growth rate of more than 80%. By product, while simulation mi sales declined due to the effects of the epidemic in 2020, the number of mís
The introduction of new multi-pound products has resulted in a linear layout of molecular image products covering multi-level user needs, an increase in sales from 2 to 5 and an increase in sales from 27 to 34 in an environment of low overall demand.
"One of the Top Ten Technology Breakout Products of the World Physics Journal 2018."
The company is a small number of companies in the country that have been registered as pet/ct products and have been able to produce a full-time product, mastering technology in detection research, electronics, reconstruction and control, etc., and are able to achieve high spatial resolution, high sensitivity and axle direction, vision, full-body dynamic scans, and a high level of technology leading the industry.
The high quality of diagnostic images contributes to the clinical detection of early pathogens, disease sequencing, treatment programming and follow-through effects; high sensitivity and axle horizons can be effective in improving image quality and the speed of scanning; and body dynamics can provide strong support for clinical and scientific applications such as individualized precision diagnostics, new drug development, etc.
The company's mi products can carry multi-model images integration, dynamic analysis, oncology tracking, brain analysis, heart analysis, etc. Advanced reprocessing applications that provide accurate analysis for clinical diagnosis of tumours, nerves, heart-related diseases.
mi products such as mimi 780 and upmr 790 continue to improve the speed and effectiveness of image reconstruction and reprocessing by continuously optimizing the design of detectors, achieving greater axle-to-view, higher resolution, greater sensitivity and comprehensive innovation in clinical-to-scientific experience; continuously enriching clinical applications, with excellent image reconstruction and reprocessing algorithms, and increasing the speed and effectiveness of image reconstruction and reprocessing.
(v) Radiotherapy equipment (rt): low-energy city top five, first-generation integration.
Direct-line accelerator 1, the company's market share of low-energy laxative devices, high-energy physiotherapist devices still subject to foreign monopoly (radiotherapy, rt) alpha, beta, gamma from radioisotopes
X-rays, electrons, proton beams and other particle beams from rays and various x-ray treatment machines or accelerators are among the most important treatment methods for tumours.
Medical straight-line accelerators can be used extensively for treatment of multiple parts of the body with primary or secondary tumours.
The long-term rate is 6.5%; it will increase to US$ 12.26 billion by 2030 with an annual compound growth rate of 8.1%. In 2020, China’s Walian (which has been acquired by Siemens) and Medical Doctors took the lead in radiotherapy equipment, accounting for the country’s main share of the rt market, with the joint film and medical product being ranked fifth in the market for low-capacity therapeutic equipment.
Joint Film Medical Care: Core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to its peak. Figure 96: Size and acceleration of the market for rt equipment in China. Radiological treatment is one of the most common tools for treating malignant tumours. The product replacement cycle is expected to be long and will continue to revolve around precision treatment and lifting in the future.
Future trends in the industry include diagnostic-level video-guiding treatment systems, smart therapy program planning, intelligent quality control, remote collaboration, and image-guided discharge therapy, which ensures that treatment is concentrated in the area of the tumor, protects the surrounding organs, and achieves precision treatment by making the target area highly appropriate.
In the pre-treatment and treatment of patients, video-guided discharge therapy can be used to locate tumours and potentially dangerous organs using advanced video equipment and to adjust treatment conditions to changes in the position and shape of tumours, thus limiting exposure to target areas and tumours to doses designed by the treatment plan system. Moreover, due to the uncertainty of the tumor form in the treatment process, treatment needs to be adapted to the changes in the tumor.
Chart 97: Competition patterns in China ' s market for therapeutic devices in 2020 (Note: calculated on the basis of the number of new outlets)
Joint film medicine: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to the peak 2, first-ever integrated cc-led straight-line accelerator to improve clinical efficiency. Corporate rt product series sales revenue in 2021 was $140 million, representing 1.93 per cent of income; two products were included.
The company’s rt product was officially launched in 2019, and market cultivation was more difficult because of the longer period of the company’s sales of other products, and it was launched in 2019, when only one sale was achieved, and in 2020 and 2021, when a small batch of sales was achieved through product promotion.
4 and 15, respectively, were sold, conventional straight-line accelerator systems applied to clinical users . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The medical straight accelerator is clinically based on the definition of ct-image and planning of the treatment target area, giving the target area an even irradiation of a certain dose.
In radiotherapy, target areas are drawn, prescriptions are measured, and therapeutic plans are designed to have a direct impact on radiotherapy, and there are many uncertainties due to the fact that the drawings and designs are currently based on technicians and therapists. The location error is one of the major factors affecting the accuracy of radiotherapy. In addition, there are many factors that contribute to the difference in location and image throughout the radiation treatment process, making the whole release possible.
In the meantime, with the rapid development of precision medicine, precision-release therapy has become a trend towards the development of oncological radiotherapy. Precision requires the destruction of tumor stoves in conditions that ensure maximum protection for normal tissues or organs. Therefore, precise definitions and sketches of the tumor target area and the surrounding normal tissues are the basis for precision radiotherapy. The birth of the integrated line accelerator, ct.
Combining with a medical straight-line accelerator, with precise treatment planning, optimizes the treatment process, substantially improves the efficiency of the treatment, and achieves precision treatment. The company has acquired the core technology of the integrated diagnostic ct-guided straight-line accelerator system and is self-researching the main core components.
Software technology, together with online simulation, programming, video-guiding, etc., provides the basis for a company to achieve rapid integration of smart radiotherapy and self-adaptation to individualized radiation therapy, thus improving clinical combination therapy: core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to peaks.
In 2018, the company urt-linac506c was certified by the Nmpa Medical Devices Technical Review Centre, Category III, as the world ' s first integrated cc-directed straight-line accelerator.
Intelligent software that significantly improves the efficiency of medical personnel while ensuring precision-release therapy: based on high-resolution diagnostics, image-guiding, comprehensive innovation of the flow of intelligent clinical work and expansion of new applications of laxation; support for online intelligence generation or real-time adaptation of positioning, sketching, planning, treatment and quality control processes; and individualization and one-stop therapy for users and
The patient brings with him a more precise, efficient, and caring clinical experience in the field of radiation therapy.
(vi) Ultrasound systems (us): in the technological storage and product development phase Ultrasound diagnostic equipment (ultrasound, shortus) is the use of ultrasound physical properties and tissues of human organs
Differences in the nature of the acoustics, showing the physiological state of the disease in the form of waves, curves, images, etc., and helping medical diagnosis of the disease.
The ageing of the population and the rise in health awareness have led to an increase in demand: on the other hand, ultrasound technologies are integrated with other medical images and should open up new market spaces using innovative factors such as landscape technological innovations. The market for ultrasound equipment in China was 99.2 billion yuan in 2020, and is expected to grow to 216.2 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 8.1 per cent.
Figure 103: The size and speed of China’s ultrasound equipment market The company is actively layout the ultrasound product line, which is expected to be approved gradually.
(vii) Integrated solutions for life sciences: transition from pre-clinical video equipment to life sciences Integrated solutions for life sciences are the provision of all the instruments, equipment, equipment needed in areas related to biomedical scientific research, population health management, diagnosis and treatment of various diseases, drug research and development and production, bio-information security, etc.
Life science instruments include preclinical imaging equipment, optical observation equipment, electron microscopes, chemical analysis instruments, etc.
Image equipment is one of the most important tools for understanding the pathological processes of experimental animals in research based on animal models. With the help of high-precision imaging equipment, especially full-body vital imaging of macrofauna, scientists can be greatly helped to move.
Physical models enhance knowledge of a variety of diseases, such as neoplasms, nervous system diseases, cardiovascular diseases, etc., and also provide a great deal of reference for drug research and development, in particular drug surrogate mechanics. In the field of high-end life science instruments, animal mr systems increase the speed of image collection and image reconstruction through core technologies such as magnets, gradients, radio frequency channels: animal pet/ct systems refer to detection techniques, optimization of signal reading techniques, etc.
High image resolution and detection sensitivity. The global market for integrated life science solutions has now developed a relatively mature system, with a global market for life science solutions of about $65.9 billion in 2019, and is expected to reach about $11.4 billion in 2030, 2019-
The annual compound growth rate for 2030 is about 4.9 per cent, and currently the world's leading upstream firms in the life sciences are concentrated mainly in developed countries such as Euro-American and Japanese, and leading firms such as Danaher, tercton, Dickinson and others have developed strong product systems and stability.
Some Chinese firms, after many years of technological accumulation and experience, have developed core patents, becoming new entrants to markets that can compete with the world’s leading firms.
Figure 106: The company's main life science instrument product and its bright spots. The company started with pre-clinical video equipment and moved into the field of life science instrumentation. (1) The company has mastered the animal mr core technology and developed the animal 30 cm aperture 9.4t super high field mr system, with high-equilibrium magnetic field design.
Critical technological breakthroughs, such as technology, cryogenic superconductor technology, with indicators such as gradient climb rates, scanning noise ratios, etc., leading the industry and effectively supporting the research needs of users. (2) The company has mastered the animal pet core technology, a small number of companies in the industry that have mastered the detector's cross-units in line with synchronous technology and long-sighted pet system physical correction technology, detection.
A highly sensitive instrument, which allows for accurate and quantitative vital scans of macrofauna, has now introduced the first pre-clinical ultra-high-field magnetic resonance imaging system, whose product is umr 9.4t, and the pre-bed macrofauna system, whose product is ubioexporer.
Corporate Investment Values Study Joint Film Medicine: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to peaks, pre-clinical rectangular rectangulars.
Reduction of imaging time, reduction of the impact phase of external environmental factors on samples
Joint film medicine: Core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to its peak, and three, strong combined R & D capabilities provide a solid foundation for achieving core technology autonomy, creating barriers to the competitiveness of products.
(i) Strong and integrated R & D capacity, building up research and development ladders with a global perspective. To maintain and further enhance the core competitiveness of companies and maintain the technological and quality advantages of their products, companies have consistently focused on research and development inputs in areas such as existing products and technological improvements and new products and technologies that may lead to future changes in the industry
With sustained investment in R & D resources, R & D inputs continue to grow, with R & D costs at more than 13%, higher than comparable companies. Talent is the basis for continuous R & D innovation by firms that, through self-training and external introduction, have built a global-oriented R & D ladder led by many top scientists and people with deep industry management and R & D experience.
By the end of 2021, the company had 5,479 employees, including 2,147 R & D staff, representing the total number of employees of the company.
Future laboratories, proactive and forward-looking research, exploration of new opportunities for industrial transformation, research and development of innovation for companies, joint film medicine: full ownership of core technology, leading video equipment to peaks, technology reserves: on the other hand, product industries are closely linked to the market, through rapid demand for the market
Feedback continues to drive technological innovation and iterative upgrading of all-line products. (ii) High priority is given to the development of key technologies, core components, and full self-production from the core to the complete self-production of the entire equipment
Our video equipment industry has been largely nationalized in the medium-to-low-end image field, but in the middle-to-high-end product area in particular, it is still not fully autonomous in core components, and it faces some risk of supply chain stability and cost escalation. In addition, some of the national core components have been self-produced, but they still exist in terms of critical parameter performance compared to foreign products.
At a certain gap, high-end products are still largely dependent on imports. To break the status quo of core components being “cracked” and respond to the policy of national substitution, companies focus on core parts, such as high-power components, building vertical innovations that cut through core technologies, core components, and whole systems.
Core technological innovation guarantees the autonomy of key technologies, thus achieving full self-production, from core components to whole-of-body equipment, and laying a solid foundation for continuous breakthroughs in the new and dynamic parameters of corporate products.
During the production process, (1) the core parts for mr products are magnets, radio frequencies, gradients and spectrometers, core zero detectors for ct products, core parts probes for mi product pet, and core parts accelerators for rt products, multileaf rasters, the company has the capacity for autonomous research and development and volume production.
External procurement, mainly due to the relatively tight storage of helium gas resources in the country and its dependence on imports. In order to ensure a stable supply and control of helium, the company ' s main suppliers include Liquefied Air Shanghai Ltd., Hiroshima Gas Co. Ltd., etc. (2) Core spare parts tubes for ct products, high pressure generators, core parts for xr products x ray tubes, high pressure occurrence
In order to ensure a stable supply of the above-mentioned core zero components, the company establishes a catalogue of qualified suppliers and adjusts them dynamically to production needs. With the exception of magnetic controls, the company cooperates with two or more suppliers in the procurement of core parts and the company has developed a self-researched high pressure generator for some ct and xr products:
For the procurement of magnetic tubes, while the company only purchases from teledyne 2vasiapacificmited, there are also suppliers worldwide, such as Nisshinbomicrodevicesinc. (combined by the New Japan Wireless and Light Microelectronics Corporation), engaged in the development and production of magnetic tubes, and companies would not rely on single suppliers.
(iii) Continuous enrichment of product lines and acceleration of high-end and new product rotationary rhythms for long-term sustainability
Technological developments in the medical imaging and radiotherapy equipment industry in our country include: miniaturization, intelligence, low-cost development, multi-model integration and integration of diagnostics, technological innovations such as 5g, ai, cloud services, etc.
Upgrade, precision medicine, lower doses, lower energy consumption, etc. The company will build on existing core technologies and products and push: (1) sustained enrichment of product lines, active deployment of high-end products of various product lines, including 5.0tmr, dsa, spectrometry, high-energy rt, etc., and new product ultrasound device cores
(b) Heart technology and component research and development. Product upgrading is accelerated through continuous research and development in order to sustain the new clinically required products. (2) Increased investment in offshore operations, active deployment of offshore markets, development of multi-language, specially configured products, such as mr, ct, xr, mi, rt, etc., adapted to overseas markets. (3) Upgrade and excellence of corporate corporate technology R & D platforms
To further increase R & D inputs and process improvements in key core components such as detectors, ball tubes, high-pressure generators, acceleration tubes, continuously increase self-researching of core components, further optimize the process and cost structure, and cope with downside price pressures. (4) Research and development of medical images cloud and digital platforms, etc.
Corporate Investment Values Study Joint Film Medicine: Core technology is fully self-controlled, leading video equipment to the peak. As of December 31, 2021, companies had more than 2,600 authorized patents, including domestic inventions.
Q: The company has more than 260 computer software registrations and 11 authorships.
A number of companies, covering both internal and external markets, from Tria Hospital to grass-roots institutions, have established efficient distribution networks and systems: (1) by working with high-quality distributors, using the downside regional extension and rapid response speed of distributors, to increase the breadth and depth of the areas covered by the company's products and to drive sales
Growth. Between 2018 and 2021, the number of corporate distributors increased from more than 300 to more than 900, the distribution model recorded an annual compound growth rate of 54.94 per cent in the current main business, and the distribution model generated a share of the income in the main business.
The number of sales officers in the company’s sales function increased from 1,002 in late 2018 to 1,820 in late 2021, covering and supporting the company’s marketing network. In view of the trend, we expect that the direct sales model’s share of income in the country will increase gradually.
The company actively participated in influential medical equipment fairs and academic meetings at home and abroad, such as the China International Medical Device Expo (cmef), the annual meeting of the Chinese Medical Equipment Association and the annual meeting of the North American Radiology Society (rsna), thereby increasing market influence and promoting sales revenue; in 2019-2021, the company participated in exhibitions and academic meetings, respectively.
214, 296, 281 and 487 to further enhance the market visibility and acceptance of corporate products.
After more than a decade of development, the company has laid a good foundation on the domestic market, which has led to the gradual introduction of radiation into the overseas market, the systematic development of offshore operations, and active participation in international competition. In the overall configuration of the overseas strategy, the company will target the target market from the point of view of external product registration, team and network building, production base and supply chain layout.
The company has developed a diversified marketing system covering the internal and external markets, from tri-a hospital to grass-roots institutions, in order to gain a greater share of the market: (1) The company has been admitted to nearly 900 tri-a-hospitals throughout the country and is widely recognized as an end-user.
The number of health-care institutions in the top 50 is 49. (2) The companies actively pursue the national strategy for the implementation of hierarchies, the penetration of the primary health-care market through a wealth of products, and the sank of medical resources through the combination of innovative equipment and the Internet, video cloud technology, etc.
Corporate Investment Values Study Joint Film Medicine: Core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to its peak (3) In the offshore market, as of 31 December 2021, the company was already in the United States, Japan, Poland, Australia.
Several countries and regions around the world, including Asia, New Zealand, Korea, South Africa, Morocco, Malaysia, and others, have established marketing networks, and public countries have completed installation.
This launch will further support the scaling and globalization of the future development of the company, the expansion of the capacity of high-end medical imaging equipment, the acceleration of the upgrading of the company's products and technology, the upgrading of the national production of core components and the expansion of the corporate country.
In the event of a successful stock issue, the following projects will be invested (after deducting the cost of issuance):
The objective is that R & D activities promoted by companies in the context of future market demand, industry technological frontier, including product upgrading based on existing product lines, new product line R & D and core component development, are an important basis for building the core competitiveness of the company ' s future main business; (2) the high-end medical imaging equipment industrialization fund project is through the construction of high-end intelligent manufacturing plants, production, etc.
The R & D building and the Auxiliary Complex, as well as other ancillary facilities, effectively expand the company ' s future capacity and upgrade its automated output levels; (3) the Marketing Services Network project can expand the network of marketing services within and outside the company and enhance the promotion of the company ' s products and promote the marketing of the company ' s products; and (4) the Information Upgrading Project can effectively improve the level of corporate information management.
Support rapid corporate business development; (5) Replenishment of liquidity to meet the company’s future development business finance needs.
Since the outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia outbreak in early 2020, the pulmonary image test, conducted through ct and mobile dr products, has become an important method of early diagnosis and identification of new coronary virus infections.
The government’s policy on infrastructure investment in disease prevention and control has also driven the market demand for ct and mobile dr. However, with the normalization of the new crown outbreak and the important progress made in the management of new coronary pneumonia vaccines and treatment drugs, the country’s government has made a significant effort to reduce the incidence of the disease.
Not only is nucleic acid testing and antigen testing the primary means of detection of the new coronary disease, but the demand for ct and dr products produced by the new coronary disease prevention and control is not repeated. Since ct and dr have a useful life of 5-10 years, the new coronary, which were purchased in the early stages of the epidemic, has partially met the demand for regular use in some health institutions over the next few years.
As a result of the subsequent relative decline in overall market demand, sales revenue from corporate ct and dr products may slow down, and (2) core parts of a company's products are dependent on outsourcing, with the risk of short-term stockouts or rising costs
From 2019 to 2021, the total sales of corporate cert, xr and rt products accounted for 47.36%, 60.43% and 56.73% of the company’s main business income. The company’s suppliers of the core components listed above were all-wise, flyingly and all-wise.
Foreign suppliers such as Pu, Gaeon, Speiman Electronics (Suzhou Industrial Park) Ltd. and their domestic subsidiaries, as well as domestic suppliers such as Shanghai Luang Electronics and Technology Co. Ltd. and Bosch Electric Co. Ltd., Suzhou, on the one hand, are at risk of unstabilised supply of the core external parts produced by companies.
Businesses are located in countries and regions such as the United States, Europe and Canada, and in recent years as global trade frictions and geopolitical risks add up, negative policies by these countries that restrict the export of the core parts that companies need to produce may result in companies not being able to import the core parts in sufficient quantities, companies having to adjust their procurement strategies in a timely manner and to procure them from other domestic suppliers, leading to public procurement.
The Division is unable to deliver its products to its clients in a timely and stable manner in the short term; on the other hand, there is a risk of price volatility in the external procurement of core parts by companies, and if global trade friction increases and other countries or regions become more protectionist, our country may take counter-measures to impose tariffs on some of the imported core parts and increase the purchase price of the aforementioned imported components.
In addition, exchange rate fluctuations can increase the price of imported core components to some extent, thereby increasing corporate product combination medicine: core technology is fully autonomous, leading video equipment to peak production costs and negatively impacting the market competitiveness of the company ' s products.
(3) Increased competition in the market and the risk of a decline in the share of the company market, on the one hand, our market for high-end medical imagery equipment, which used to be monopolized by foreign firms such as ge-medical, Siemens and Philips, occupied 90 per cent of the market for high-end items such as pet/ct, mr and ct.
Market share. After more than a decade of technological development in medical imaging equipment, the trend towards import substitution of national product plates has become more apparent, with the market share of imported brands declining, but importers are still in the forefront of the market, thanks to their brand, channel and technology advantages accumulated over the years; on the other hand, firms face domestic medicine.
In the face of competition from domestic and foreign brands, companies cannot maintain and continuously strengthen their competitive edges and cores.
Competition, market share of company products and prices are likely to decline as a result of increased competition in the market. (4) The risk of implementing a centralized procurement policy.
The centralised procurement system for high-value medical consumables is a priority and requires intensive procurement of high-value medical consumables, testing and testing agents, and large-scale medical equipment.
However, Anhui Province has been at the forefront since 2014 in conducting large-scale, provincial centralized procurement of medical equipment, and issued in April 2021 a circular on the issuance of a programme to improve the centralized procurement of class B large medical equipment throughout the province, and in July 2021 a report on the implementation of the centralized procurement of class B large medical equipment throughout the province.
In the future, more provinces and municipalities, and even at the national level, will have to adopt and implement policies to collect these large-scale medical equipment.
(5) Tax concessions have a greater impact on the risks of companies receiving tax benefits, mainly from high-tech enterprises, income tax benefits and value-added tax on software sales, i.e., discounts. The total amount of tax incentives for companies was $16,833.1 million between 2019 and 2021, respectively.
28,051.69 million yuan and $37,5224.1 million. Of this amount, the company had not yet made a profit in 2019, and the company had access to joint film medicine that year.
The impact is $10,944,402 and $167,198 million respectively; the impact of the introduction or withdrawal of the value added tax on software sales is, respectively, 24.29 per cent and 22.10 per cent of total profits, respectively, which have a greater impact on total profits. If the country adjusts to the above-mentioned tax preferences, or if the company does not continue to receive tax concessions after the expiry of the tax preferences, the company tax will be taxed.
The negative increase will have a negative impact on the performance and profitability of the company. (6) The higher risk of the impact of government subsidies is that, during the reporting period, the amount of government grants to companies included in other proceeds was $308,58368,000 and $34,775.5 million, respectively.
In 2019, the company had not yet made a profit, and the proportion of the total government subsidy paid to the company in that year was higher, with a greater impact on net profits. If the government-related subsidy policy changes, or the company’s own conditions change, the company’s inability to benefit from the government subsidy or
A reduction in the amount of government grants received would have a negative impact on the company’s performance and assets.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.