(a) Industry: industry support, graded diagnostics, configuration of supervision;
Policies such as deregulation have been conducive to the development of the video industry, with China ' s image equipment market of 53.7 billion yuan in 2020, with an expected growth of over 100 billion yuan in 2030, followed by import substitution and internationalization as the company ' s technology breakthroughs and product pushes through the core technology difficulties during the "145" period.)
In recent years, the market share has risen rapidly, with companies having the fourth market share in mri, ct, row and above at the calibre of the new equipment in 2020, and a high-end breakthrough in the new generation of products. 3) Performance; Higher-end product share and gradual self-production of core parts, and Māori rates and net interest rates are expected to rise further.
Performance is expected to increase at a high rate of about 30%, with operating income rising from 2.04 billion yuan to 7.250 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 52.8%, driven by technological breakthroughs and product innovation resulting from sustained research and development, the base of which is already in level III medical care.
The Institute has a good reputation.)ct: benefits from the new crown epidemic and national policy drive, new product launches, markets, and brand inputs, which are the largest companies. 23.7% of the new ct market in 2020 is the first in the country.
However, the share of the 64-line and above ct equipment is 14%, ranking fourth, and the successor company’s higher-end share is expected to rise and will lead to import substitution.) mri: the pioneers of the high-end breakthroughs, moving to the higher end of 5.0t.
32.6%, the company’s second-largest business. At present, the rate of national production is less than 20%, the joint share is 17.1%, the fourth largest, and it has taken a steady position as the new generation of 5.0t mri has entered the market and has become a pioneer in high-end breakthroughs in the country’s production.
m: The company has access to raw materials such as core technical processes and flash crystals in the pet detector, and has moved to mid-to-high-end hospitals quickly and with the global lead technology + product. From 2018 to 2021, the company increased its equipment revenue from 140 million yuan to 1.04 billion yuan, with a compound rate of 96.3 per cent, making it the third largest industry in the company.
In the area of a breakdown of high growth + low national production rates, the company is the country’s breast-producing engine, and dsa is on the move.
5) rt: With the company ' s advantage in the traditional field of image, which started with integrated ct-integration technology, in 2019, the company ' s income from rt equipment in 2021 was from 140 million yuan, an increase of 195.8 per cent, with the company ' s new generation of rt equipment entering the field of high-energy therapy, the business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
• It is proposed to raise 10 billion dollars to promote the company as a world-class image giant. The company’s ipo is about to release 100 million shares at a price of 109.9 million yuan per share, corresponding to a market value of 90.570 billion yuan, and the net amount of funds raised is expected to be 4,72 million yuan.
Domestication of heart components, expansion of the market share of companies, further support for the scale and globalization of corporate development, and making companies a world-class leader in medical innovation. • Profit predictions: Māori rates and net interest rates are available as high-end products rise and core parts become self-produced.
The company is committed to providing high-performance medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments, and medical digital and intelligent solutions to clients around the world. Since its inception, the company has continued to invest in high-intensity research and development and has worked to combat medical photography.
The company has accumulated over 80 products, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computer fault scanning systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), molecular image systems (pet/ct, pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator systems (rt) and life science instruments.
In the area of word-based diagnostics, the company, based on the framework of the United Shadow Clouds system, provides joint video medical cloud services, achieves equipment-application cloud synergy and sharing of medical resources, and provides integrated solutions for end-users. The company was established in 2011 to benefit from a strong research and development team, with products on the market moving fast and rolling out in the country.
Figure 1: Xue Min is the actual controlling agent of the company, holding 31.35% of the shares through the joint video medical technology group, the Shanghai shadow group, and the Shanghai film intelligence group. The joint film medical technology group holds 23.14% of the shares and is the controlling shareholder of the company. The second largest shareholder of the company is the Shanghai Federation.
In total, the company owns 8.56% of the company ' s shareholdings, it distributes virtual shares to the incentive audience between 2013 and 2020 through an authorized pay and performance appraisal committee, and currently has 830 holders of the employee holding scheme, mainly current employees of the company and important tributes to the company.
Until ipo, the company owned 24 holding companies (10 domestic companies and 14 foreign companies), and figure 2: the former ipo stock structure of the joint film medicine company has built a full line of video equipment products. The company has made a rich product of high-end medical imaging equipment.
Lines, with products covering diagnostic products such as mr, ct, xr, pet/ct, pet/mr, conventional rt, rt, etc. Radiotherapy products and life science instruments such as animal mr, animal pet/ct can meet the demand for preclinical research from diagnosis to treatment.
Products, including State-owned 80-circumstance and State-owned 320-high-end octex products, multi-presentative xr products, multi-mi industry leading products, leading straight-line growth in revenue over the last three years for the first-integration companies that have developed industry combinations.
From $2.04 billion to $7.25 billion, the annual compound growth rate was 52.8 per cent, of which $5.76 billion was earned in 2020, an increase of 93.4 per cent compared to 2019, owing to the increased demand for related medical imagery equipment as a result of the new coronary epidemic, and an increase in corporate income as a result of the company ' s continuous introduction of new medium- and high-end products and their functional upgrading and product price increases.
Add. Revenue of $7.25 billion in 2021, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the previous year, is slowing down, mainly because the demand for medical imaging equipment has returned to normal growth levels. The country’s economic growth and ageing are increasing, the demand for health-care services and medical imagery equipment has continued to grow, and the company’s continued research and development and upgrading of products will continue to grow steadily in the future.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of 1.660 billion yuan, a 20% increase, and a net return of 3.1 billion yuan, a 1.9% increase over the first quarter of 2021.
The lower is due mainly to the increase in management costs and sales costs in the first quarter of the year in order to achieve faster growth in the size of the company’s operations, as well as to the increase in the cost of running the business as a result of the new crown epidemic. According to the company’s announcement, the company’s income is dominated by video equipment, of which ct is the largest single item.
For high-end medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment, security services and software operations, the share of income in 2021 was 91.3, 6.1 and 1.2 per cent, respectively, while the share of equipment was the largest and the share of services continued to rise. By composition of equipment income, ct and mr were the largest, with 51.7 and 23.1 per cent of equipment income in 2021; and the share of the product m was the total.
High-end mi products, product sales and average prices have increased their overall income significantly; the rt product has increased steadily in recent years in terms of profitability since it moved to the market in 2019. The average price of the product has risen by 19.5% a year as it continues to upgrade. In terms of cost, companies have continued to upgrade their products and develop new products, thus increasing the cost of R&D.
Growing sales teams and increasing sales workers' salaries and sales costs are increasing from year to year. But as the company earns its business, the distribution model is dominated by distribution, the share rises from overseas. The company uses a combination of direct sales and distribution, which are stable, roughly 1:2.
The number of company distributors increased from more than 300 to more than 900 in the year, and the products have been placed in nearly 900 tri-a hospitals, ranking 49 users in the top 50 medical institutions, and the number of sales officers in the company increased from 1002 in late 2018 to 1820 in late 2021, covering and supporting the company’s sales network.
The expansion and marketing of radiotherapy products in overseas markets has led to a gradual increase in the share of overseas markets based on technological advantages and cost advantages, with the share of overseas sales rising from 2.1% in 2018 to 7% in 2021, with an overall upward trend. Ten billion dollars to be raised to promote the company as a world-class image giant.
It is expected that the ipo will expand the capacity of companies, accelerate the upgrading of products, increase the national production of core components, increase the market share of companies, and further support the scale and integrity of corporate development.
Sphereization makes the company a world-class leader in medical innovation. 2 Video tracks are big, "Technology Break + Product Upgrading" opens up the growth space. The video industry has evolved over the centuries, with a growing product and functionality.
The purpose of therapeutic guidance is to record the distribution of the signal intensity of human feedback by imposing on the human body a variety of physical signals, including visible light, x-rays, ultrasounds, and powerful magnetic fields, to form images and to enable doctors to interpret the technical segment of human structure, pathological information. After more than 120 years of development, the technological base is constantly being upgraded, from early x-rays to mri.
And now, with the mature molecular images, the product is growing. The diagnostic function is the basis of the image, and vd is the basis for the current clinical decision-making in medicine, and the image support of the treatment scene is an extension, with great potential. Image equipment can be divided into five categories by technical route. Depending on the purpose, medical imaging equipment can be divided into diagnostic images.
Equipment and treatment video equipment, which can be divided broadly into magnetic resonance imaging (mri) equipment, x-ray computer fault scanning imaging (ct) equipment, xr, molecular image (mi) equipment, ultrasound (us) equipment, etc. depending on the signal; therapeutic image equipment can be divided broadly into digital migraine imaging equipment (dsa) and directed radiation equipment
Equipment (obstetric c-arm, etc.). Clinical applications, combined costs, safety, accessibility, and different images have different applications in beds, such as dr in the chest, bone, ct in cardiovascular, mri in the central nervous system, ultrasound in gynaecology and obstetrics.
In terms of video industry policy, “Industrial development - end-use - configuration regulation” has a number of perspectives. At the level of industrial development, the State has led the upgrading of industrial innovation at the strategic level, such as the 13th Plan, the 14th Plan, the Chinese Manufacturing 2025, and there is policy support from the point of view of products to the point of industrial infrastructure.
In terms of configuration regulation, which is reflected in the constant relaxation of the monitoring of equipment allocation licences, visual equipment is expected to be phased out by 2025, and the domestic image industry will have a global presence. Overall, the "13th Five" phase of the national production image taps has broken through high-end mr, high-end colour, high-level.
The global competitiveness of the domestic image chain will increase further every year during the 14th Five-Year Period. The domestic image market is hundreds of billions of dollars a year.
In terms of weighting, consulting on the basis of insight, the size of the global video equipment market (out-of-plant) in 2020 at $43 billion, and the projected compound growth rate of 3.8 per cent in 2020-2030, the growth in the domestic market, driven by ageing and economic development, has led to a sustained increase in the demand for inspections, which, according to the Health and Welfare Commission, increased the revenue from public hospital examinations from 97.7 billion yuan to 348.9 billion yuan in 2010-2020.
The pre-epidemiological rate is more than 10%, and the post-epidemiological period is expected to recover gradually. In addition, medical institutions are increasing the supply of inspection capabilities, due to the fact that: 1) the cost of domestic video equipment is high and the purchasing capacity of hospitals is increasing; 2) the availability of level-level medical treatments and the expansion of the primary health-care market; 3) the gradual relaxation of the configuration certificate; and 4) the new infrastructure for post-epidemiological care.
Consultancy, China ' s image equipment market size (out-of-plant) was 53.7 billion yuan in 2020, and is projected to be a compound acceleration in 2020-2030.
The rest have different levels of product, the most comprehensive of the national production image poles. 2.1c: The beneficial economic spread, followed by a promising increase in the mid-end share.c The clinical scene is very wide, the third generation of multi-layered spirals has become market mainstream, the x-ray computer fault imaging system.
The theory is that X-rays are sent through the ballpipe, X-rays penetrate the tissue of the human body, are received and converted into digital signals by detectors, and computer-recorded images of the examined area are formed. Because of the speed and resolution of the ct scan, it is possible to make three-dimensional imagings, which are very widely used in clinical scenes, including ct injections.
Images, traumas and acute stress, vascular imaging, diagnosis of central nervous system diseases, diagnosis of chest diseases, etc.
There is still much room for improvement in domestic ct configurations compared to developed countries. Markets show that the global ct market size was $13.53 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach about $21.54 billion in 2030, with a compound growth rate of 4.8% per year, with the European and American developed countries saturating at less than average rates, while the Asia-Pacific region grew at a compound rate of 6.5%.
In 2019, China held 18.2 units per million ct, while the United States, Japan, and the European Union recorded 44, 111, 40 units per million people, with a gap of 2.2 to 6.2 times greater, with a larger range of growth. According to a study, the size of the domestic ct market was 1.76 billion yuan in 2019, compared to a surge in demand in 2020, driven by the new crown epidemic.
To 17,270 million yuan, expected to reach 29.5 billion yuan in 2030, or 5.3 per cent of the composite growth rate, the main driver of growth in the country: 1) continuous improvement in holdings; 2) increased investment in primary health-care facilities under grade-based care and contributions to new infrastructure for medical care; 3)
In terms of Southwest securities, there is still much room for higher end-of-the-art domestic production, and companies are expected to lead import substitution. By the end of 2020, the stock of Chinese ct equipment stood at about 30,000, with the top three shares of ge, Siemens, and Fly.
Poo, with 28.7 per cent, 22.3 per cent and 12.4 per cent, respectively, and a combined share of about 63.4 per cent, the 70 per cent market is still about 6,000 new items of equipment for the year of entry, 23.7 per cent of which is the first in the country, followed by ge, Philip and Dong Sok, with a 65 per cent rate of domestic production of the economic type below 64, while the medium- and high-end type of equipment in 64 rows and above has reached 65 per cent.
With only 35% national production, the combined share in the market for 64 rows and above was 14% in 2020. Some of them benefited from a new coronary outbreak and national policy-driven, new product roll-out, market and brand inputs, and companies have made significant sales of ct equipment in recent years. Revenue from corporate cert equipment increased from $770 million to $342 million between 2018 and 2021, with a compound increase.
The station has grown to 1,814 units, with a marked increase, on the one hand, due to the new crown epidemic, the acceleration of State support for infrastructure and equipment upgrading in health-care institutions, and, on the other hand, the introduction of new company products, which have increased the number of sales of ct products from 9 in 2019 to 15 in 2021, and increased market access and brand input.
The company's Māori rate is expected to continue to rise as high-end culpability rises and new products emerge. From Māori rates, on the one hand, the medium- and high-end culpability rises: on the other hand, the average price of the company's economy and the medium- and high-end ct rises, as a result of higher sales of utc 550 and new items utc 528 and uct 710.
In 2021, the Māori rate declined slightly, mainly as a result of the continuation of the epidemic in 2021, which resulted in faster economic voltage, but starting in 2022, it was expected to become normal.
The company has mastered the core technology and manufacturing processes of the ct system, and is looking to upgrade the new generation of ct products. The company has self-researched and has mastered the core key technology of the ct system, including: 1) detector technology: the company's self-researched space and time detectors are already in place.
Applies to company ct series products that support a thinest layer of 0.5 mm multi-hour and space detector configuration: 2) ball tubes and high-pressure generator technology: companies have mastered bipolar volt tube technology and high-pressure generator technology through self-research: 3) reconstruction algorithms: The Department has developed a recalibration algorithm based on ct products that can effectively reduce radiation doses during clinical examinations and boost system dynamics
Capability: The company has also developed a full-model iterative reconstruction algorithm based on artificial intelligence that minimizes the dose reduction before images meet clinical diagnostic requirements. From the line of research, the company ' s main layout, three new generation of cts, will break further in many areas, such as detectors, tubes, high-pressure generators, algorithms, core components, etc., when average prices, Māori rates, competitive advantages will advance.
2.2mri: The pioneers of high-end breakthroughs in national production, who move to the higher end of 5.0t, have a clear advantage in their examination, and the technology continues to move in the direction of low fluid helium and high field power. Magneticressonanceimaging is the use of atomic nuclei (mainly helium protons) in water molecules in humans.
Magnetic resonance signals in the magnetic field are reconstructed for tissue or organ imaging. The magnetic field can be divided into permori and superconductor mri, depending on how it is obtained, and is now dominated by hypothermia with helium. Because of its no radiation effects, it has a higher resolution of soft tissue, especially applied to brain tissue imaging in clinical applications, in Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer.
From the development stage, mri can be divided into three phases: 1) the 1950-1970 exploratory phase, which is part of the Nmr technology ' s medical research; 2) the 1970-1990 start-up phase, which has resulted in the commercialization of the mainstream 1.5t superconductor mri; 3) the major development phase after the 1990s, the use of the image function,
Magnetic field intensity increases, pet/mri applications make mri a need for clinical examination. Never seen that helium-free, high-field, functional mri, intelligent, low noise aperture, miniaturization, etc. will continue to guide Mri’s development.
By the end of 2020, superconducted mri had been extensively installed and used in a variety of areas of inspection. In terms of market size, the market size of the global mri system was $9.3 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach approximately $14.51 billion in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of 4.5 per cent, followed by a China-dominated Asia-Pacific region that will be the main engine of growth.
For the same period, the United States, Japan, the EU, 39, 55, 35 per million, China and China, with a high national production rate in 1.5t markets, and a low national production rate in 3.0t markets, companies have become pioneers in high-end breakthroughs in national production. In the total sale of domestic mri equipment in 2020, the joint picture, and Vandong as a share of national production were leading firms.
In the area of lmri, the company has become the leader of a growing market with 24%, 20.8%, 19.7%, and 13.2% shares in the joint film, Siemens, Ge, Philips, respectively. If the pattern of different levels of product is taken into account, there is still a high-end situation that needs to be broken. In the 1.5t market, the rate of national production is higher, with joint cinema medicine accounting for 25.4%.
In China, overseas enterprises, Siemens (36.3 per cent), ge (24 per cent) and Philip (22 per cent) account for a larger share, totalling about 82 per cent, with a national production rate of less than 20 per cent, combined with a 17.1 per cent share in the area of 3.0t and above, ranked fourth, and already occupying a seat, while the rest of national production has yet to be upgraded, and companies have become pioneers of high-end breakthroughs in national production.
Market boosts and new products drive the growth of mri products. In the area of 1.5t ~2021, the company ' s new generation of mrr 580 and mrr 588 in 2018 were the main push products, adding up the 2019 differences – umr 586, which are new products and brand inputs that continue to be introduced in response to market preferences, driving 1.5t products to a steady level.
In the area of 3.0t, after many years of technological breakthroughs and brand build-up, the recognition of the company ' s 3.0t product by high-level hospitals has been increasing, and companies have been increasingly enriching their product layout for scientific and clinical users, leading to a high growth rate of more than 30 per cent of the 3.0t product, leading to the mri business.
The annual Mori Māori ratio for companies rose from 31.8 per cent to 42.1 per cent, a steady increase due mainly to the higher unit price of 3.0t, the average unit price of 774, 864, 9.44 million yuan, the higher end product is on the rise, and the new product Umromega, launched in 2020, has had a positive impact as the industry’s first 75cm and super-aperture 3.0tmri product.
The company has independently designed, developed and manufactured high-field superconductor magnets, high-performance gradient circles, high-density radio frequency loops, multi-channel distributed spectrometers, and mr imaging software and advanced applications. The company’s core technology in the area of mri is:
1) Superconductor magnetism technology: The company has 1.5t, 3.0t, 5.0t, and higher field power superconductor magnetism development technology, and has developed the first 3.0tmr, 9.4t animal mr products and the industry ' s first 75cm and large aperture 3.0t superconductor magnetism technology: 2) gradient technology: the company has multi-sized, high-performance gradient ring development capability and has mastered a wide range of high-power gradient power magnification
Technology for the development of instruments: 3) Radio frequency technology: The company has high-channel radio frequency receiving loop design and production techniques applicable to various parts of the human body and is capable of designing and manufacturing human multi-channel radio frequency loops of 1.5t to 3.0t and above; 4) full-digit digital distribution spectrometer design technology: company-related technologies include ultra-high-way radio frequency parallel data collection technology, nanoscopic synchronization
Technology, round-the-clock component monitoring, etc.. From the line of research, the company's main layout, 3 mri, is at the stage of product development, where further progress will be made in the areas of radio frequency spectrometers, artificial intelligence, ultra-high field superconductor magnetometers (5t), radio frequency magnifiers, etc.: the most dynamic area of image disaggregation, corporate technology leading the world.
Nucleic images are the mainstream of mi, and have been integrated into trends in recent years. Molecular image systems (moleculomaging, short mi) can show specific molecules at tissue level, cell level and subcell level, reflecting changes in molecular level in the living state, thus providing qualitative and quantitative studies of biological behavior in the image.
Nuclear medicine, multi-module integration, where nuclear medicine is the mainstream route, and pet integration ct or mr is the current mainstream trend. And in general image comparison, molecular imaging focuses on fundamental changes in biological processes, with high sensitivity, speciality, quantitativeity, and good features that can successfully capture the “pre-disease state”, fit for early detection and timely early intervention to achieve improved prognosis.
The purpose is therefore important for early diagnosis of diseases such as neoplasms, brain, heart, etc.. The development of nuclear medicine depends on the constant progress of visual agents and visual equipment, from the 70s spact to the 1980s pet, to multi-model integration products such as pet/ct and pet/mr, which constantly feature precision in the clinical context.
The typical representative of a nuclear medical image device is pet-ct, pet-mr for a super-high-end direction. The combination of products such as pet-ct/mr combines the advantages of a traditional image device (high contrast, good penetration) with the advantages of a pet image (high range of radioactive tracers, high resolution) and represents the direction of the molecular image.
mic equipment, based on sensitisation, accuracy, speciality, precision positioning, etc., maintains a relatively rapid growth in global markets as high-end images, with a global market size of $3.1 billion in 2020, a combined growth rate of 6.5% for 2020-2030 and a growth driver for Asia and the Pacific.
More and more, but with limited global deployments, by 2020, the number of pet-mr global installed platforms was expected to catalyze the three main factors into one of the country’s most growing areas of image disaggregation. Since molecular images were in high-end medical demand, the country started late, with a market size of 1.32 billion yuan in Chinese pet-ct equipment in 2020.
By 2020 – 2030, the pet-ct market, with a combined growth rate of 15%, is expected to be the best growing image segment. High growth in industry is driven by three main factors: 1) higher holdings: China had only 0.61 pieces per million people in 2020, well below developed country levels, and the United States had about 5.73 pieces per million people in the same period; 2) configurations
(iii) Increased demand for early detection of tumours: with the improvement of living standards and coverage of medical claims, the need for treatment and screening of tumours has been released, and the power to install them has been boosted.
In terms of competition patterns, the company has taken the lead in the market of pet-ct and pet-mr. mi is a high-end image product, with major players including ge, Siemens, Philips, and Sokage. In the field of pet-ct, in terms of share of sales in 2020, the shares are linked (32.1 per cent), ge (26.4 per cent), Siemens (21.4 per cent), Philip (8.6 per cent), East Soft (5 per cent), the company.
In the field of pet-mr, the three main competitors, ge, and Siemens, the competition was better, with joint video medicine accounting for 50% of the total sales in 2020. The technological leadership + the products were new, and the upper-middle hospitals were quickly released.
Revenues grew by $1.04 billion from 140 million yuan and compound growth by 96.3 per cent, making it the third largest company business. From 2019 to 2021, sales grew from 37 to 80, with a significant slowdown in 2020 of only 38, mainly due to simulation mi, which, with the introduction of heavy pounds of products in 2020, was able to achieve international leadership and sales in reverse.
The number of new products launched each year began to expand, and the volume of new products increased from 7 in 2020 to 33 in 2021, which contributed to a major increase in sales. In terms of unit prices, unit prices increased significantly in 2020, mainly because for the first time three innovative new products with a 4d dynamic scan capability, uexporer, were sold at far higher prices.
Other products; the average sales price rebounded in 2021, a decline of 14.3 per cent, mainly as a result of an increase in the volume of rice 550-mobile, mobile vista and umi 780 in the same year, while the higher price of uexporer sales remained at the same level as in 2020, when the corporate Māori rate was 62.8 per cent, 64.3 per cent, 69 per cent and 64 per cent, respectively, with a significant increase in the Māori rate in 2020 being the main reason.
It is the number mi that significantly replaces the model mi with the high-priced product uexplier, which adds up. Structurally, the PVs can be divided into mi and mi, depending on the type of pet detector, which is more advanced and the company’s main product in recent years, with 96% of company mi’s business in 2021 being digital mi.
The company has access to core technical processes and raw materials in the pet probe, and the new generation of mi products is expected to continue to lead the world. Key technology available to the division in this area includes: 1) the development and production of high-resolution digital detector core technology and its core raw material flash crystals: corporate detectors are designed as a whole through the sipm-based digital detector module and the large axle view.
The high sensitivity achieved effectively improves image quality, scans speed and reduces the dosage of scans; 2) high-bandwidth data collection and transmission techniques in conjunction with high-resolution detectors. Companies are still the few companies in the industry that can design and manufacture long-axis Pete products.
The end-detector module conforms to synchronised technology, axle-to-sewn detectors and machine rack structures, physics correction techniques for the ultra-long view-pet system, and super-sized, high-stamp, amorphous bed, capable of a precise, quantitative and dynamic scan of the body as a flagship in the mi field. From the line of research, the emphasis is on the overall layout system, dynamic quantitative testing, high field magnetic compatibility technology, fast.
The new generation of mi products is expected to continue in terms of technology, performance, reputation, etc., in terms of key technologies such as rapid reconstruction, intelligent systems, 2.4xr: corporate integrity, dsa being the first image technology to be rolled out in xr, with the main growth drivers coming from c-arm x-ray machines and mammography machines. x-ray imaging systems
Xr is a X-ray penetrating human body, generating radiometric and spectral distributions through different tissues with different energy absorption factors, and being received by detectors to generate human images. xr is a modern medical foundational diagnostic device that can be widely applied to chests, bone joints, breast diseases, urinary and urinary system blocks, digestion, respiratory, urinary, cardiovascular systems.
Clinical diagnosis of a disease. Depending on the characteristics used, xr can be divided into general x-ray machines (gxr) and intertwined x-ray machines (ixr). gxr contains conventional dr, mobile dr, mammograms and gastrointestinal machines, which are used to diagnose diseases by x-ray photography: xr is mainly a c-armed x-ray machine (several c, medium c, small c) and is used mainly for surveillance x-ray penetration during surgical operations.
Visualization and photography. According to an opinion consultation, the size of the Chinese market for xr equipment in 2020 was 12.38 billion yuan, and the epidemic led to a higher demand for mobile equipment, such as Dr, which is expected to grow by 5.2 per cent from 2020 to 2030 at a combined rate of 5.2 per cent, of which Dr is relatively saturated, with limited subsequent growth expected, driven mainly by c-arm x-ray machines and mammography machines.
The company’s Xr series of products were complete, and its mammography revenues increased rapidly. In 2018-2021, the company’s Xr equipment revenues increased from $290 million to $490 million, with a compound increase of 19.1 per cent, the company’s fourth largest business.
With non-epidemiological disruptions, Dr accounted for about 80% of the company’s Xr revenues, while the relative demand for mammo rose gradually, reaching 17.2% in 2021. The average prices of the various groups of goods were more stable, and the company’s share was still in the process of being raised, mainly because of the limited growth in sales and product structure of the Dr market. Dr was a third-generation digital x-ray machine.
The skills are mature, the core parts have been combated, 80 per cent nationalized, the stocks are large and, in terms of configuration and during the period of the epidemic, the growth of the Dr industry will be limited in the future. Based on a critical consultation, the size of the domestic Dr and mobile Dr markets in 2020 will be 42.9, 1.66 billion yuan, with a combined increase of 2.7 per cent and 4.2 per cent, respectively, projected for 2020-2030, but currently the domestic Dr.s will grow at a combined rate of 2.7 per cent and 4.2 per cent, respectively.
The pattern of market competition is fragmented, with a 7% share in the traditional Dr market and a 19.3% share in the mobiledr sector, which is still expected to rise. In the area of the breakdown of high growth + low national production rates, companies produce breast-meat locomotives, and dsa is on the move.
Dsa is a relatively fast-growing area in the xr area, and there is scope for a greater increase in the rate of national production. According to a diagnostic consultation, in 2020, the domestic mammography is expected to be marketed at $420 million, with a combined growth rate of 9.3 per cent projected for 2020-2030, with a low rate of national production, while the share of imports of ge, hologic, and Siemens is ahead, with the share of companies at 8 per cent, leading the country’s production.
High growth in technology, with the domestic market size of $3.95 billion in 2020 and a projected compound growth rate of 10.4 per cent in 2020-2030, has led to a relatively high share of local production in Mandong and Dong Soft, and the company’s dsa product is in clinical stages and is expected to be launched soon.
The radiation treatment system (radiationtherapy, short rt) treats tumours using X-rays, electrons, proton beams and other particle beams from radioisotope-generated alpha, beta, gamma rays and various x-ray treatment machines or accelerators, which are currently important ways of treating tumours.
About 60-70% of malignant neoplasms require radiotherapy at different stages of their development. The most dominant medical treatment facilities in the country and abroad include medical straight accelerator, gamma knife, cyberknife, tomotherapy, proton heavy ion equipment, etc., where the use of straight accelerator can be widely applied to the treatment of primary or secondary tumours in many parts of the body.
According to data from China’s National Cancer Centre, in 2015, there were 4,292 new cancers in China, 2,814,000 cancers, deaths, cancers have become the leading cause of death among the Chinese population and the main public health problem. As a result, the domestic market for oncological treatment has been estimated at 51.7 billion yuan in recent years, and is expected to reach 149 billion yuan in 2030, with a combined increase of 12.5 per cent.
There is still much room for upgrading the domestic supply of rt equipment compared to the developed countries. From the market point of view, the domestic treatment facility was $2.9 billion in 2020, and as a result of slower purchases due to the epidemic, the market is expected to reach $6.33 billion in 2030.
There are 1.5 units in place, while 12 units in the United States and 7 in France, and 5-8 times as much in China. In the field of high-energy devices, it is now largely occupied by Variens (who have been acquired by Siemens) and doctors.
Koda monopolizes less than 5% of national production; in the area of low-energy and therapeutic equipment, Xinhua’s health is led by 36.8% of companies, 11.8% of companies, and the city is ranked fifth. The company rt’s business continues to have a small share of revenue, and is expected to grow at a high rate in the future as products are upgraded and markets are nurtured.
The business is expected to grow at a high rate as products are new and market-breeding. With the advantage in the traditional image field, the new generation of rt is expected to cut into high capacity.
The core components of the product include accelerators, foliage rasters, power sources, modems and precision control modules and airborne video equipment. The core technology currently available to the company in the rt area includes: 1) integrated ct image system integration technology: the technology in the company ' s possession.
Self-researched imaging and treatment systems can be integrated to achieve co-bed design of ct with medical straight-line accelerators to improve clinical efficiency Rapid and precise tps treatment plans: company-owned treatment plan system core algorithms, including volume algorithms and optimization algorithms, can increase the speed of calculation, dose accuracy and the efficiency of clinical physicists;)
High dose rate congener double beam accelerator and dosage control technology: company-designed maximum dose rate of 6mv accelerator output reaches industry lead level (dose rate 600 m/min@1m, non-equilibrium mode 1400 m/min@1m), while company-developed dose control technology can control the accuracy of exposure and reduce the radiation doses received by patients; 4) dynamic multileaf raster technology:
From research lines, the company’s main high-energy accelerator, high-power density, full-state power source technology, etc., is expected to cut a new generation of rt products into the field of high-energy therapy. The key assumption is 2: mr: low national production of high-end mri, with subsequent sales of 3.0t and above increasing.
Key assumption 5: Provision of maintenance and technical services, services: Corporate security costs are lower than those of the overseas image giants, and with the increased corporate focus and autonomy of the core spare parts, it is expected that the revenues will continue to grow at a high rate and that the core spare parts will break out less than expected.
\triangleright \triangleright will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.