Researchchand developmentcenter is leading the high-end product layout of the national production image tap, overseas
Expanding through the growth ceiling — ACHI Deep Report 688271, National Production Images Leader high-end product layout leading, overseas expansion.
Breaking through the growing ceiling, co-film medical (688271) is based in China, where the rapid rise of medical video equipment leads. The company was collected in 2018-2021.
In the second half of the year, we think that if there is no serious outbreak, the public will be able to help us to find a solution to the problem.
In the past, foreign companies have dominated the domestic market of medical equipment, and since the 18th century, the party and the state have been taking the lead in health care.
The development of equipment has been given high priority, and policies have been introduced to support the process of nationalization of medical equipment and to promote national production of medical and therapeutic equipment. The central funding for the new infrastructure of medical care has grown rapidly, and the construction of thousands of districts requires gradual improvements in the equipment of hardware facilities to facilitate the sale of video equipment.
The development of video equipment and the development of intra-academic equipment have increased support to facilitate the development of domestic video companies. The core technology of the product has been phased out, national product contents and slogans have risen, and the pattern of import monopolies is changing.
Markets will continue to grow, and Quakers expect market size to reach $10,847 billion by 2030, with high-end production lines such as mr and ct, pet/ct, or will be the main growth point.
Over the years, technology has accumulated and advanced technology is available in most of the production lines. Companies are expected to compete for incremental equipment from new capital construction and thousands of county works to promote performance growth.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: China’s market for medical imaging equipment will continue to grow, driven by market demand and policy dividends, such as new capital construction and construction in thousands of counties, and high-end equipment is expected to be the main growth point.
Full coverage, high-end product layouts, overseas layouts are conducive to breaking through the growth ceiling. We risk factors: internationalization and business expansion risks, trade friction and geopolitical risks, risk of abuse of key core technology, risk of core parts procurement
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Between 2018 and 2021, the joint film and medical camp increased from RMB 2.04 billion to RMB 7.254 billion, and the net return to the mother increased from RMB 126 billion to RMB 1,417 million, reversing the loss and achieving significant growth. 22h1 performance continued to grow, companies increased market outreach, and the Maori rate increased as a result of the continued roll-out of high-end products, partial model price increases and self-production of some accessories.
In the second half of the year ahead, we believe that corporate performance is expected to keep growing if there is no serious epidemic. The company's full-scale deployment of high-end medical video equipment product lines will continue to drive the upgrading of line technology and the development of the next generation of products, systematically promoting self-research of core components.
In the past, foreign companies had dominated the domestic market in medical equipment, and since the 18th century, the party and the State had attached great importance to the development of medical equipment, encouraging innovation in enterprises while optimizing the supervisory and regulatory system. Various sectors had introduced policies to support the process of national production of medical equipment and to promote the development of national production of medical equipment.
Rapidly, the construction of thousands of districts requires gradual improvements in hardware facilities and facilities to facilitate the sale of video equipment. In recent years, policy support for the development of the country’s image-producing equipment and its internal configuration has been stepped up to facilitate the development of the country’s image industry.
The Chinese market for medical video equipment, driven by a two-wheel drive of the dividend, will continue to grow. According to the Quest Advisory Survey, in 2020 our market was already 53.7 billion yuan, and is expected to be 10.847 billion yuan or 7.3 per cent in 2030, with high-end production lines such as mr, high end ct, pet/ct or its main growth point.
The company, for its research and development-driven enterprises, has a long history of technological accumulation and has advanced technology in most production lines. The company is expected to compete for incremental equipment projects resulting from new infrastructure and the construction of thousands of counties to promote performance growth. The company has also adopted globalization as an important strategy for the company’s future development in 2019-2021.
The share of corporate sales abroad has been rising year by year, and comparison of gps, overseas layouts, has helped to break through the growth ceiling.1 Corporate profile: China-based, rapidly rising medical video equipment leader, joint film and medical technology, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “joint film medicine” or “the company”) was established in 2011 with its headquarters located above it.
Sea, with regional headquarters and R & D centers in the United States, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Poland, etc., production-capability deployments in Shanghai, Changzhou, Wuhan, and Houston, USA. Companies provide high-performance medical imagery diagnostic products, life science instruments, and medical digitization solutions to global clients.
A range of innovative products with full ownership of autonomous intellectual property rights has been introduced, including a total-bodypet-ct, a "one time and space" superb tofpet/mr, a total body of 5.0tumrjupiter, 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tumromega, 640 layers of ct and integrated medical rt, among others, with overall performance indicators reaching international first-class levels.
The company is controlled by Mr. Xue Min, its shareholders are the joint cinema group, the Shanghai Film Board, Ningbo Shadows, Ningbo Shadows, Ken Ningbo Shadows, and Ning Bo Shadows. The company owns 10 domestic subsidiaries, 14 offshore affiliates, 4 participating companies and 4 branches.
The company’s core management team is rich in multinational corporate management experience and technical background. Of the 12 senior managers, 9 are professional and core management teams with more extensive management experience.
Research and development, and systematic promotion of self-research of core components. On the basis of breaking the monopoly of technology abroad and achieving national production substitution, total 2. Financial analysis: 22h1 performance continued to grow, 22h1 performance continued to grow, and market expansion increased.
715 million yuan, the net return to the mother increased from 126 million yuan to 1,417 million yuan, reversing the loss and achieving significant growth. According to the above dollar (+19.52 per cent), in the context of industry development and policy dividends, corporate branding has increased, increasing market outreach has continued and new mr products have been further rolled out: profit has increased less than income has increased mainly in one quarter.
In the second half of the year ahead, we believe that the company’s performance is expected to increase if there is no major outbreak. The company’s revenue is mainly from equipment sales, and the Māori rate is on the rise.
As a result of the continued roll-out of high-end products, partial model price increases and self-production of some components, which account for more than 75 per cent of the total, and the continued activity in the field of high-end mi molecular imaging systems, sales revenue rose from $310 million to $1.040 billion, and the income ratio increased from 10.56 per cent to 14.55 per cent.
Corporate R & D expenditure is high, but with rapid growth in revenue, R & D rates and sales rates tend to decline, driving net. Second, industry analysis: market potential is high, national production substitution takes place, new infrastructure and construction in the thousands of counties promote image market development, national production is replaced by Dhoyun.
Policies have supported the innovation and industrialization of medical equipment produced in the country and have promoted the upgrading of the industry to higher-end manufacturing. In the past, foreign-owned enterprises dominated the domestic market for medical equipment. Since 2014, the Health and Safety Board has commissioned the China Medical Equipment Association to carry out a selection process for the products of medical equipment produced in the country. Since the 18th century, the Party and the State have attached great importance to the development of medical equipment.
In addition to encouraging innovation, various sectors have introduced policies to support the process of nationalization of medical equipment, and to promote the national production of medical and therapeutic equipment. With the country’s rapid economic growth, the ageing of the population, and the raising of public health awareness, the domestic market is of high quality.
The demand for medical imagery has grown rapidly accordingly. The technical barriers in the medical video equipment industry, which, compared to the global economy, used to face a situation of low concentration, small size of enterprises, low national production in the middle and high-end markets, have in recent years increased support for the development of national video equipment and its deployment within the institution, benefiting the development of domestic video companies.
Centrally subsidized new capital funds for medical care are growing rapidly, making it easier to sell equipment. According to Saberan equipment, the market for medical equipment is expected to reach 15% during the 1455s, guided by policies at the grass-roots level.
According to the 2020-2022 financial assistance for basic public health services was increased from 60.33 billion yuan to 68.450 billion yuan (the central fiscal subsidy). According to the 14th Five-Year Programme for the Implementation of the Quality and Efficient Health Care System, the National Development and Rehabilitation Commission will also support the construction of some 120 provincial regional health centres throughout the country in order to facilitate the sale of hardware and equipment.
Large-scale medical equipment acquisition is regulated by the configuration policy, and according to the large-scale medical equipment configuration license management catalogue (2018), category A (under the responsibility of the National Health Board) includes equipment such as pet/mr, high-end radiotherapy, etc.; category B (under the responsibility of the Provincial Commission) includes pet/ct (including pet), 64 rows and above, 1.5t and above mr, straight-line acceleration
In October 2021, the National Health Board issued the Integrated Capacity Improvement Programme for District Hospitals under the “Kill District Project” (2021 - 2021 - 2021).
By 2025, at least 1,000 district hospitals throughout the country had reached the level of level III hospital medical service capacity, playing the role of district health centres and laying a solid foundation for achieving general medical solutions in the municipalities.
There are currently 1,233 district hospitals on the list that are involved in the integrated capacity enhancement of the District Hospitals Project.
China’s market for medical video equipment will continue to grow, driven by both market demand and policy dividends. According to CS, China’s market size reached 53.7 billion yuan in 2020, and the CS is expected to reach market size by 2030.
10,847 million yuan, or 7.3 per cent of the cagr, are or will be the main growth points, such as high-end mr, high-end ct, pet/ct, and the policy-driven whole-of-industry slates of medical devices, which will gradually break through. The 14th Plan refers to a focus on strengthening the advanced base.
Material clearances, core parts and key components, life support and intervention equipment, capacity-building for diagnostic tests, and capacity-building for treatment equipment.
3.0tmr, pec/ct increase faster, 64 and above in the ct line will also increase faster than below 64. The combined product line is comprehensive and high-end product layout leads. The advantage of the company ' s product line is evident in the high-end product area, where the company owns the only product in the country, 3.0t and above, and the company owns the only product line in the world.
Afov > 120cm of products. The company is also actively developing dsa and ultrasound lines in the xr product line, where research and development personnel account for more than 35% of the new product. The workforce as a whole is characterized by “high academic qualifications, rejuvenation” – more than 70% of which are undergraduates and hundreds of millions – of which nearly 100 million have been capitalized, accounting for 14.76% of the total revenues of the year.
As shown in the table below, technology accumulation is a strong underpinning of firms’ participation in competition in domestic and foreign markets. Corporate business analysis: the share of income in the new market is higher than in the previous 1, 3.0tmr and is more profitable.
mr has the advantage of having multiple imaging parameters, speed of scanning, high organizational resolution and better image clarity, with superconductor, general conductor and permagnetized by magnet type, currently superconducted mr being the dominant product, classified by the strength of the main magnetic field, 1.5tmr currently has the largest market field holdings, 3.0tmr produces stronger signals, and the replacement is mainly by 3.0tmr instead of 1.5tmr.
At the beginning of the 1980s to date, more than 50,000 mr systems have been installed and used in different areas globally, reaching $9.3 billion in 2020 at the market size of the global mr and an estimated $14.51 billion in 2030, or 4.5 per cent, at the cagr.
The per capita share of mr in China is low, and the share of income from high-end products is expected to rise. According to the CS, in 2018 there were about 55.2 and 40.4 per million mr in Japan and the United States, and only about 9.7 in China during the same period. In 2020, the market size of China's msr market was 8.92 billion yuan, and the CS is expected to grow to 24.42 billion yuan in 2030, or 10.6 per cent of the cagr.
In 2020, China ' s market share of 1.5t and below was about 74.9 per cent at the mid- and low-end mr and 3.0t high end mr at 25.0 per cent, and the scoping consultancy expects that in the future 3.0tmr will be the main growth point in China ' s mr market, which will increase to 40.2 per cent in 2030.
According to the number of new outlets, in 2020, the main market participants in China ' s 3.0t market and above were gps (ge, Siemens and Philips), Jiao and joint film medicine, with companies ranked fourth in the market for 1.5 tmr equipment in China.
The company has the ability to independently design, develop, and manufacture high-field superconductor magnets, high-performance gradients, high-density radio frequency circles, multi-channel distributed spectrometers, and mr imaging software and advanced applications. The company has introduced 1.5t, 3.0t, etc., superconductor mr products that meet the basic requirements.
The bed diagnoses the need for a segmented market, such as high-end scientific research. Umr 770 is a self-developed 3.0tmr model for the national product; umr 780 is a platform for optical imaging technology that integrates compressed perception, parallel imaging, semi-furières plus three technologies for the national product and achieves a quick three-dimensional high-cleaning image of 0.5 seconds/time: umr 790 is a high-performance scientific model for the national product.
3.0tmr: umr 890 mounted high performance gradient systems with a single axle strength of 120mt/m, 200t/m/s, and a switch rate of 200m/s, respectively, to assist in brain science research; umromega is the industry ' s first 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr type, with surgical navigation and radiative positioning functions, and meets the needs of special groups such as pregnant women and overweight populations.
In 2019-2021, the company ' s mr series generated $9.10/12.32/1529 million and capr 29.58 per cent, respectively. The company ' s earlier introduction of umr 560 became the main product since it was listed, established good markets in public and private hospitals as 1.5t main push product, and introduced in 2019 a differentiated low-field product, umr 586, successively new product
The growth in the sale of 1.5t products has been more strongly promoted; in 3.0t, companies have moved away from market preconceptions of imported medical equipment, and the level of technology and product content has increased in recognition of end-of-service medical institutions, and companies have enriched their product schedules, with targeted product layouts for scientific and clinical users, leading to a sustained increase in the sale of 3.0t products.
The increase in the Māori rate in 2020 was largely driven by an increase in the revenue ratio of 3.0t and an increase in the average price of sales. The increase in Māori rate in 2021 was mainly due to a decrease in costs due to the use of new technologies and the self-production of some components, loss and loss.
The conversion of the sub-magnetic resonance tubes from out-purchase to own production has also reduced costs. We believe that the company’s 3.0t product is competitive, has better prospects in the domestic market, is more profitable than its 1.5 t product, and is expected to compete for the growth of new capital and 1,000 county projects, driving the growth of company performance during the 1455s.
2. The market for medium- and high-end ct products is preponderant, more profitable, and has a fast-scanning and clear image that can be used for multi-disease screening, which has been widely distributed in hospitals around the world. According to the Quakers, the European and American developed country ct markets are in a relatively mature state, with a global ct market size approximation in 2020.
For $13.53 billion, projected at $21.54 billion in 2030, and 4.8 per cent for cagr, the main engine of growth is China ' s low per capita ct holdings, with high end and economy-type ct as the main growth point. According to Quest, in 2019 there were about 18.2 units per million in China, only about a third in the United States. Domestic firms formally mainstreamed around 2010.
In 2019, China ' s ct market was about RMB 11,76 billion; in 2020, it was about RMB 17,277 billion, driven by the epidemic; in 2030, it was projected that it would reach RMB 29,05 billion; and in 5.3 per cent, the cagr was projected to be the main growth point in China ' s market, with high end-ends of 64 rankings and economic models targeting the sunk market.
According to the CS, joint film medicine was ranked first in the total ct equipment market in 2020 at 23.70 per cent, first in the low ct market below 64, fourth in the middle and high ct market above 64, and behind the gps.
Corporate ct products cover economic and high-end applications. The company has access to research and development and production capacity for high-speed rotor racks and high-speed image processing applications using ct detectors, ball tubes, high-pressure generators, and high-end applications.
Of these, 320 volts of wide-body ct product ut 960 plus autonomously developed time and space detectors can achieve 0.25s/circles rotation speed, 82cm large apertures, weighing up to 300 kgg, capable of achieving a single heart cycle of random heart rate imaging, single organ injections and rapid wide-range vascular imaging, coupled with low-dose imaging and spherical voltage transition spectrometry.
In 2019-2021, the company's revenue line amounted to 10.17/25.72.3421 million yuan, and cagr was high-profile, new products were introduced, and market and brand inputs had an important impact on the growth of sales.
The main drivers are price factors and the introduction of new products. In this context, the upward trend in the economy is due to a slight increase in the average price of sales and an increase in the self-production of components. Since 2020, a higher-middle- and high-end ct product has been sold in a higher-than-moric ratio, leading to a further increase in the average unit price of the product and the Māori ratio.
We believe that high-end products in the company are introduced later, but are technologically competitive, and that lower-end products are more profitable and are expected to compete for an increase in the number of new capital projects and engineering projects in the thousands of counties, driving the growth of company performance during the 1455s. 3 Xr area dsa is expected to be approved, creating a new performance growth point.
According to company subscriptions, Xr products can be divided into digital medical X-ray imaging systems (dr), digital mammography systems (mammo), mobile c-armed X-ray imaging systems (movement c-arm), blood-vascular X-ray imaging systems (dsa), etc., depending on clinical use.
It is the most widely applied radio-image equipment in clinical applications; mammo is used mainly for screening and diagnosis of various breast diseases; mobile c-arm is used mostly to provide visual guidance for surgery and dsa is used mostly for imaging of interventions in the heart, nerves, tumors, etc.
The Asia-Pacific region, owing to its large population, will continue to maintain its position as the world’s largest Xr market. China’s Xr equipment has largely been replaced by national production, and graded consultations have contributed to stable market growth.
The size of China’s xr market is about 12.38 billion yuan a year, and in 2030, the CS is expected to reach 20.6 billion yuan, and the cagr is a CS. In 2020, mobile dr was largely nationalized, with a low rate of breast and dsa production, of which dsa is less than 10%. According to the number of new sales outlets, the company’s mobile dr and mammogram markets were in 2020.
Since the introduction of the first xr product in 2016, the company has introduced the first home breast tridimensional scanning system, umammo 890i, low-dose digital flatbed mobile c-armumc56i with single crystal silicon technology, fully self-activated suspended dr 780i with tens of millions of pixel levels, and the first national product mobile dr with visual exposure control udr 370i
The xr market continues to have some momentum, with the reason for the outbreak in 2020 leading to an increase in sales, and mobile drs can be widely used in such settings as heat clinics, icu, isolation wards, etc. The average price of xr products is stable, and sales changes are mostly quantitative.
Changes have led to an upward trend in the Māori rate, with costs falling as a major driver. Dr, who accounts for more than 80% of xr’s income, has driven costs down on scale, while some models use self-research high-pressure generators to make costs even lower.
4-Mi product technology and city leadership, with the prospect of a new product coming up to the fore. Molecular imaging technology can detect cellular and molecular abnormalities in the course of disease, detect the occurrence, development and fate of disease (e.g. cancer, Parkinson syndrome) and evaluate the efficacy of drugs and treatments.
According to the Quaker Consultation, the global market size of the pet/ct continued to grow relatively steadily from approximately $2.4 billion to $3.10 billion, cagr to about 5.2%, and the market of the developed European and American countries of the pet/ct was relatively mature.
China’s pet/ct market is still in the early stages of development, with a high overall growth rate. According to the CS, China’s 2020 pet/ct
The market size is about 1.32 billion yuan, and the capr is as high as 17.9% for the period 2015-2020, and the market size of China’s pet/ct is expected to be about 5.34 billion yuan in 2030. China’s pet/ct holdings are extremely low, and the policy of upgrading and configuring will drive faster market growth.
China has only 0.61 pet/ct holdings per million people, far below developed country levels, approximately 5.73/3.70/2.86 in the United States/Australia and Belgium during the same period. Before 2018, pet/ct was in category A equipment, with a certain ceiling.
At the end of the year, the global capacity of the pet/mr system was around 200, mainly in North America, Europe and China, and the Chinese capacity of the pet/mr was around 40: the global market size of the pet/mr was about $250 million in 2020.
In 2030, it is expected to grow to $1.23 billion, or 17.0% cgar. According to an opinion consultation, based on the number of new outlets, companies have been ranked first in China for four consecutive years since the listing of the pet/ct product: our market participants in the pet/mr include companies, Siemens and ge, and the company is the only company in the country that produces the pet/mr equipment, according to the number of new outlets.
In 2020, the company was ranked first, with technology in detector development, electronics, reconstruction and control technology, and it was able to achieve high spatial resolution, high sensitivity and high axle horizons, full-body dynamic scans, and a high level of technology leading the industry.
The industry leads in products, including the industry ' s 4d front-loaded pet/ct product uexplorer, the national product integrated Pete/mr productupmr790, the national product digitized tofpet/ct product umi780, and the national product pet/ct product umi510.
In 2020, sales declined due to the effects of the epidemic, but in 2020, the number mi introduced a large new product, which was internationally equivalent in its entirety, with some of which reached international leadership, and sales regulations increased from 2 to 5, which led to an increase in sales in an environment of flat overall demand. The average price of sales rose by 81.16 per cent in 2020, the first time it was sold.
Three uexpliers, with sales prices far higher than other products, led to a significant increase in the average price of sales of digital mi. The average price of sales returned in 2021, a decline of 14.28%, mainly due to faster growth in the year’s umi550-mobile, mivista and umi780, with higher sales of uexporer at the same level as in 2020, and the average price of sales of mi fell.
The overall Māori ratio of Māori products ranges from 60 to 70% and fluctuates slightly, and is vulnerable to the sale of different types of products, with the figure M slightly higher than the other products due to higher technical barriers, with an average Māori ratio of about 65 to 70%. We believe that the company’s technical skills and city leadership are expected to compete for new capital projects to boost performance growth.
Rt sales are growing rapidly, integrated innovation products are expected to be released, integrated straight-line accelerators are industry trends, and domestic treatment markets are dominated by foreign capital. Radiological treatment equipment includes rt, gamma saves, shoot-and-saves, helix fault therapy, proton heavy ion equipment, etc., rt is more widely applied. rt is clinically accessible.
The target area is usually defined and planned on the basis of ct-image. In radiotherapy, the target area is defined, the prescription design is measured, and the treatment plan is designed to have a direct effect on radiotherapy. According to the scoping advice, the current market for Chinese high-energy devices is occupied by Varien (which has been acquired by Siemens) and the medical doctor in 2020, with the company at a low level.
The market for therapeutic devices is ranked fifth, and the CS is expected to reach the size of China ' s market for therapeutic devices in 2030. In 2018, the company innovatively introduced the world ' s first integrated c-line accelerator, urt-linac506c, which is compatible with video and radiative functions and does not require a switch from a clinic or treatment room, and completes a full radiative process at one point to satisfy the molding.
The company’s two products, urt 306 and urt 506c, accumulated 20 sales between 2019 and 2021 and earned revenue.
Large, when it was launched in 2019, only one was sold, and in 2020-2021, small bulk sales were made through product promotion, and changes in the Māori rate were largely influenced by individual orders. We believe that integrated corporate innovation has the potential to be released.
1. Comparison of gps: The overseas layout broke through the growing ceiling gps image business, and the image business income grew in 2021, and the Chinese market became more dynamic: 2021, the Siemens Medical Battalion collected €18 billion (+24 per cent) and the video business was collected as the first major business operation
98.21 billion euros (+8 per cent) and Siemens Medical Service officially launched its new "Nigen Genesis" localization strategy on 9 June 2022, announcing its deep involvement as a "China company" by "promoting the nationalization of the whole product line", "further innovating research and development based on Chinese market demand", and "promoting the upgrading of the local business model" in three dimensions.
Construction of Healthy China: For the fiscal year 2021, ge-health received $17.7 billion (-1.58 per cent), profit of $2.97 billion (-3.07 per cent), downside by 2020 gebiopharma, supply-chain problems and inflation, and health-care systems
According to the network of observers, in response to a change in China’s medical equipment area, “Encouraging national production”, ge-health has identified three strategies in China: “All-round national production, digital empowerment, cooperation and win-win”
In the offshore market, as of December 31, 2021, globalization has become an important strategy for the future development of companies.
Companies have established marketing networks in several countries and regions around the world, including the United States, Japan, Poland, Australia, New Zealand, Korea, South Africa, Morocco, Malaysia. Corporate products have been successfully placed in the United States, Japan, New Zealand, Poland, Uk2, compared to domestic counterparts: net corporate interest rates are at higher levels in the industry.
In terms of income, the company’s medical imaging industry grew faster in 2020. The image industry was able to aggregate and estimate the growth rate of domestic image operations in 2020, which was a significant increase compared to domestic competitors: imports, such as Siemens, were higher in 2020 than imports.
Image operations grew at a much faster rate than their counterparts, showing the competitiveness of the company’s core business in the industry. In terms of Māori and cost rates, the combined medical marketing and management rates were lower in the industry in 2021, higher than their counterparts, Māori sales and net interest rates were higher in the industry, showing self-research advantages and higher profitability.
Table 17: Cost rates, Māori rates and net interest rates for the medical image industry on behalf of the enterprise in 2021 Table 18: Growth rate of the medical image industry on behalf of the enterprise in 2020 Table V: Profit projection, valuation and investment rating
1. Profit predictions and assumptions (1) ct Business: We believe that the company ' s high-end product rolls out late but technologically competitive, lower-end ct Products are more profitable and are expected to compete for a build-up of new capital and construction projects in thousands of counties, driving the company ' s performance during the 1455 period
(2) mr Business: We believe that the company ' s 3.0t product is competitive, has a better outlook in the domestic market, is more profitable than its 1.5t product, is more likely to compete for the growth of new capital projects and construction projects in the thousands of counties, driving the growth of the company ' s performance during the 1455s.
(4) xr Operations: We believe that the company's active dsa product, as a high-end intervention treatment device, is expected to be in the future comparable to the domestic U.S.I.M.M.M.I., Vandong Medical, and also to select the A.W. Neoscope and S.J.S.T. as comparable companies, with an average value of 77.02 times the average value of industry compared to company Pe in 2022.
For the first time, the leading company, which they see as domestic video equipment, has been covered, and we have rated it as “increasing.”1, internationalization and business expansion risks, companies have been sold in countries and regions like the United States, Japan, Europe, Africa, and South-East Asia.
The regulatory policies and regulations for medical devices are often different, and there are uncertainties in the political and economic situation, as well as differences in the level of regulation of intellectual property protection, unfair competition, consumer protection, etc. As the scale of overseas operations expands, the corporate-related legal environment abroad will become more complex and varied if companies fail to respond to the environment and politics of overseas markets in a timely manner.
Changes in the policy environment can have a negative impact on the expansion and operation of firms ' overseas operations. These include: policy and approval risks, market competition risks, risks of expanding offshore distribution channels.2 Trade frictions and geopolitical risks
In recent years, the international situation has stagnated, uncertainties, instability, an increasingly complex international trading environment, trade and friction disputes, and geopolitical factors may adversely affect economic trade in certain countries or regions. According to the list of tariff increases published by the Office of the Trade Representative of the United States, companies’ mr and ct products from the United States have been added to the list.
At the same time, our Customs and Excise Commission has begun to impose additional tariffs on part of the United States imports as a countermeasure, and parts or materials for the production of medical imaging equipment such as X-ray tube components, superconductors, scintillation crystals, etc. have been listed as part of China's tariff on imports from the United States and have been subject to constant and dynamic adjustment. Thus, companies export parts of the United States product surface.
The risk of tariff escalation leading to a decline in market competitiveness, and the adjustment of import-added tariff lists could lead to higher acquisition costs for companies, with some negative impact on their net profits. If China’s future trade frictions escalate further, it could put additional pressure on companies’ profitability to US exports.
3. Risk of infringement of key core technologies; in addition to the patenting of inventions already requested, companies also have a number of generic technologies that form an important part of their technological competitiveness and play an important role in the company’s operations.
On the one hand, there is a risk of unstable supply of the core parts produced by the company, some of which are procured mainly from offshore suppliers such as Philip, Mansight, Power, etc. or their subsidiaries in the country. Although the company has established good practices with the aforementioned suppliers,
Business partnerships, but there is still a risk that core components will not be able to meet the company's production needs, or that the purchasing partnership will end suddenly, which will have a negative impact on the company's normal production operations; on the other hand, external purchases of core components by companies are also subject to price fluctuations if the purchase of the above-mentioned components increases, or if imported core parts are remitted
Both rates and tariff factors can increase the cost of producing corporate products, with negative impacts on corporate profitability. Steaming, team member, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, worked clinically at ppcchán and paraexel, and joined the Sinda securities in 2021 to study the cxo industry.
In April 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry.
She is a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, a two-year diploma in business experience, and, in 2022, a trade in medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.