Wally Group (300979.sz) Sales-driven revenue growth of 18 per cent in the third quarter, investment expansion positive textile apparel manufacture
The third quarter saw a rapid growth in sales-driven income, and the Māori rate of net interest rates stabilized at a higher level. The third quarter saw an increase of 18.5 per cent to $6.04 billion in corporate income over the same period, driven by major sales; the parent ' s net profit increased by 16.1 per cent to 960 million over the same period. The Māori rate increased by 0.5 per cent to 27.0 per cent over the same period; and the overall cost rate was stable.
The administrative cost rate was between +1.3 percentage points and 5.7%, mainly due to higher corporate income and net profits in the current period, higher remuneration performance and higher long-term service payments for employees. The turnover rate was higher than in the third quarter.
The decline in unit prices, estimated at RMB 109.8 per unit, is expected to be due mainly to a steady turnover of operating capital days in the third quarter of the year, the same turnover of inventory days from 5 to 63 days, the same turnover days and the same turnover days to be payable -/+1 days, respectively.
For the next two years, Viet Nam and Indonesia are expected to move around 5-6 factories, with capital spending expected to remain at the level of $1.05 billion a year. International brand replenishments have led to the growth of supplier orders this year, and foreign firms have been working on behalf of their counterparts for three quarters.
At the end of last year, the company’s core clients were largely de-stocked, de-deckers performed well in their own sales, and other brands such as Nike, while slowing down in the short term, were based on the Wally Group (300979.sz) - 25% increase in sales-driven revenue in the first half of the year, Māori.
This year’s replenishment needs and deep partnership with Wally are expected to be significantly higher than the brand itself, and there is a rapid increase in the number of new customers’ orders, such as high-intensity sharp-speed, high-speed, and fast-runting.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Four-quarter performance growth positive, new clients set for the year. Wally Group (300979.sz) - Four-quarter revenue projections are driven by common prices.
In the medium-to-long term, the company has now moved into a new head international brand, Adedas, while some of the extended clients for the last two years are still fast-paced and long-term, with a clear outlook for the company’s share of production. We maintain a profit forecast, with the company’s net profit share projected for 2024-2026.
The dollar’s reasonable valuation range corresponds to 22-24xpe in 2024, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. The third quarter’s sales drive a rapid increase in revenue, a net profit on the Māori rate, an 18% increase in the third quarter and a 16% increase in the net profit on the mother.
The net profit is 16.1% to 960 million yuan more than in the same year. Profitability is strong, and the net interest rate on the Māori rate is stable at a higher level. The Māori rate is 0.5% to 0.5% higher than in the same year.
Contribution of proceeds; ratio of management costs to +1.3 percentage point to 5.7 per cent, mainly from percentage point to 20.5 per cent of corporate income and net profit for the current period; increase in income tax charges, mainly due to the increase in the dividends of Hong Kong affiliates to their parent companies; increase in income tax rates from 19.1 per cent in the same period last year to 21.8 per cent in the current year, resulting in a slight decrease in net interest rates for parent countries.
Between 0.3 percentage points and 16.0 per cent, at a historically high level. RMB, year-on-year - 3.0 per cent, the decline in unit prices is expected to result mainly from changes in brand structure, with a quarterly average exchange rate; operating capital liquidity efficiency stabilized; and capital expenditure increased for capacity expansion.
:: Industry: International brand replenishment led to an increase in suppliers' orders this year, three-quarter orders were made by colleagues from outside Toyota, Core brand clients were largely eliminated at the end of last year: the top five clients of the company, Nike, deeckers,
The stock of vf, puma, ua brands shows a significant decline in the inventory of five brands in 2023 and in the third to fourth quarters of the year, and the fourth quarter sales of nike, deeckers have fallen to health levels in the same period near 2019; vf, ua have made relatively poor progress in the inventory but by the end of 2023 as well.
By the end of the first quarter of this year, there had been a further decline in the value of brands, and the sales of banks, with Nike, deeckers (stock/average monthly cost of the past year) at about 3. By the end of the third or second quarter, the sales of brands had risen, and the sales ratio had also been mentioned.
In terms of growing brands, deeckers continue to perform well, while other brands, such as Nike, have slowed down in the short term, but based on this year’s replenishment needs and deep partnership with Wally, Wally’s brand orders are expected to be significantly higher than the cards themselves, and Wally has also seen high-intensity sharp and high-speed sub-customs orders.
The third quarter of the growth of Taiwan's corporate counterparts has been largely characterized by a low or moderate rate of growth, with three quarters of growth: Yuwon, Zhiqiang, Confucian, Zongyang, Donglong-hung, Wu-Hung, Wu-Hung, Wu-Hung, and more than 20 per cent of growth, with Fong-tae largely affected by a slowdown in Nike sales and three quarters of relative pressure, but expected to be in the fourth quarter.
In September alone, more or less year-on-year growth was achieved. The peak of the summer season was recorded, with management indicating that high income generation was mainly a reflection of a strong industrial season, a single boom, and a generally weak four-quarter performance of three quarters, but the expected reduction in the season would be narrower than in previous years.
Figure 9 : Quarterly round-up growth ratio (United States dollar caliber) Improvement of quarterly round-up rates for industrial and sports shoe-wearers Investment proposal: successful expansion of corporate clients, positive expansion of productive capacity, and sustained growth and profitability in the future
Based on the current year’s downstream stock of brand clients, which is largely growing, and the rapid growth of some high-profile trackers, corporate orders and collections in the first three quarters of the year continued to grow in high double digits in leading industries, while Māori rates and net interest rates remained at high levels, with firm orders and performance growth being strong throughout the year.
During the period, the company is now cutting into a new head international brand client, Adidas, while some of the clients that have expanded over the past two years are still fast and long-term, and the process of expansion of the company’s capacity is expected to accelerate further, with the expected growth in production in the next two years being slower than expected, the process of destocking less than expected, and the risks of the international political economy.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject