Wally Group (300979.sz) Client orders are well-stocked, productive expansion and upgrading enhance competitiveness.
Textile apparel. Textile manufacturing. Investment rating: superior to market (maintenance)
Corporate bulletin: From 26 November to 28 November 2024, investors visited some of the company ' s factories in Viet Nam (Yunhong, Viet Nam, Yong-hyun, Hong Kong, Yong-cheong, Yong-jung, Crown, Viet Nam, Yong-shan, Viet Nam), and the company introduced investors to major shoe-making processes such as shoe surfaces, middle bottoms, ground floors, shapes, etc., as well as major brands and representative bodies produced in various factories, while investors and company management were involved in industry development.
On November 29, 2024, the company secretary attended a high-quality opinion of the state-of-the-art state-of-the-art 2025 securities: 1) Recovering demand adds to the company’s strong competitiveness and future business growth. Most international brand sales this year have increased faster, adding to the demand for orders after the firm’s hard-to-do stocking last year, while the company is active in developing new customers, and the company’s orders are good.
Companies actively expand their production capacity, while accelerating automation inputs and promoting upgrading of production capacity. 2) Plus tariffs: import tariffs are borne by customers, with no risk: 4) investment advice: take into account the firm’s competitive advantage and certainty of future profit growth. Companies have achieved better growth and profitability than their counterparts over the years, regardless of industry demand fluctuations, highlighting competitive advantages.
Brands want to work more closely with front-line suppliers with multiple advantages, such as cost, turnover, and quality, to help companies continue to raise their market share. This year and the next three to five years are a year of expansion in the company’s capacity, which, in addition to size, is accelerating the process of automating its production capacity and matching it to the needs of customers and growing certainty.
We maintain a profit forecast, and the net profit share of the company is projected to be 2024-2026, and the demand is recovering and the company's competitiveness is becoming more competitive. At the end of the spectrum, the company is actively developing new customers, and orders are well placed. Most international brand sales are growing faster this year, adding up to last year's hard-to-do stock.
The demand for post-orders, the orders of sports shoes manufacturers, is generally better, and the various parts of the company work together to ensure that customer orders are delivered on time; at the same time, the company continues to actively reach out to new customers, with new customers starting to produce more goods this year.
In 2024, three finished shoe factories and one shoe factory became operational, and the company will build several new factories in Indonesia and Viet Nam in the next 3-5 years and will do so as soon as possible. The company's new production capacity has been agreed to communicate with its clients, and the production growth plan will be planned in accordance with the current growth planning of its older clients, the newly introduced client cooperation process, etc., and the specific pace of production will be arranged according to the customer's order and will remain in place.
At present, the recruitment process for new factories in Viet Nam is largely responsive to demand, and companies have their own training schools and a well-developed training system to provide training for employees in different positions and levels. Over the past three years, the company’s capital expenditure has been around RMB 1.117 billion per year, and the company expects to withdraw 10% in the future due to the ceo handover (previously high).
The second half of the fiscal year is better than the rest of the fiscal year.
Decreased by high digits, achieved double digits in the medium term, 10 per cent in the first quarter of this year's fourth quarter, second quarter of this year.
While it is difficult to fully automate the production of sneakers, the company has broken down the process, the process, the process and the process suitable for standardization are constantly being automated, such as in the production of soles, the cutting of shoe surfaces, sewing, production, etc., through custom-made equipment, improvements in traps, etc.
In the next few years, companies will be making faster progress in automating their capacity while actively maintaining the expansion of their capacity. The import tariffs will be borne by their customers, and the company’s Indonesian capacity ratio will rise in the future.
The company’s production plants are mainly located in Vietnam, and future Indonesian production capacity will increase, with product sales going from Vietnam to Indonesia to the global market in accordance with the customer’s instructions. The tariffs on the import of sneakers are borne by the customer, and import tariffs are set in accordance with the trade policy between the importing country and Viet Nam/Indonesia.
Currently, the production capacity of head-shoe manufacturers is dominated by Viet Nam, Indonesia, India and China, such as Viet Nam/India/Indonesia/China, with 47 per cent-31 per cent per cent per 10 per cent, and Indonesia/Viet Nam/China, with 49 per cent-34 per cent per 12 per cent.
The company’s new plant in Indonesia is still in the early stages of commissioning, and the new plant is not profitable. The company’s management team is an experienced team of companies, whose pre-construction progress and pre-operation are in line with the company’s expectations. In terms of offers, the company’s offers to customers are often based on the principle of territorialization, i.e., based on local cost-efficiency offers, it is expected that Indonesian plants will not be very different from Vietnamese plants when they are fully operational.
China has built several new factories in Indonesia and Viet Nam, and will also consider other regional deployments. Investment proposals: Consider the competitive edge of companies and certainty of future profit growth.
In the face of uncertainty, major sports brands want to deepen their work with leading suppliers with multiple advantages, such as cost, turnover, quality, etc., to help companies continue to raise their market share. This year and the next three to five years are the years of expansion of the company’s productive capacity, which, in addition to the expansion of its size, is accelerating the process of automating production and upgrading, and capacity planning is compatible with the needs of its customers, with a strong degree of certainty.
Experienced management teams, looking at the company’s future new production performances, maintain the profitability of the industry. We maintain a profit forecast, a reasonable valuation area of the dollar, corresponding to 22-24xpe in 2024, and a rating of “better than the big market.”
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject