A non-financial company evaluation report for textile apparel manufacture, 30 October 2024
Wally Group (300979.sz) 24q3 overall performance was smooth and sales maintained high growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintained)
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company published three quarterly reports, which generated 17.511 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2024, compared to 22.39 per cent in the previous quarter, and a net profit on the return to the mother, which amounted to 2,843 million yuan, compared to 16.07 per cent in the previous quarter. In terms of sales, the company sold 163 million pairs of sneakers in the first three quarters of 24 years, compared to the same amount.
The sales of sports shoes increased by 20% in the previous three quarters, contributing to a steady increase in revenue and profits. The company sold 163 million pairs of sports shoes in the first three quarters, an increase of 20.36%, an increase of 172 pct over 24h1, and continued to increase sales as a contribution to pay performance and long-term employee service payments, leading to higher management costs (up from management rates in the first three quarters of 24 years).
Up to 5.29%), sales costs and financial costs are managed well as a whole. Following the acceleration of order growth and the pace at which new plants are operating, sales-driven income and profit growth continue to trend, and profit margins are expected to improve. \alpha and \beta resonance drives the growth of corporate orders, and customer structural changes drive up the asp.
The growth in company future orders is mainly due to: 1) the end of the industry development and downstream branding cycle; 2) the growth potential of two new shoe-shoe manufacturing plants and the expected future production of new ones, which are expected to absorb the demand for new customers. From end-asp, the structural restructuring of the company’s clients has driven the growth of shoe-shoe products and is expected to contribute to the growth of performance.
Profit predictions and ratings: The company, as the head of our sports shoes, with short- and long-term industrial demand repair, medium- and long-term expansion and client structural changes driving the asp upswing, has a long-term expectation of double price increases, and the valuation has a long-term perspective on its own securities and issuers. I have worked diligently and professionally, carefully researched, used legitimate compliance information, and produced this report independently and objectively.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.