Two-carbon opportunities for a strong lead track — the "coal-corro-chemist" lead coal-making track.
On 16 June 2021, in the context of the growing geopolitical complexity of the world, our energy security is facing serious challenges, with the strategic value of the coal industry becoming increasingly visible. With carbon neutrality and policies in place, new coal projects have been approved.
Cao Xuant has become more difficult and the industry threshold has been raised further, and future competition for coal-based hydrocarbons will be concentrated among the existing coal-based big ones.
The company relies on one of the “Golden Triangles” of China’s energy industry, Ningdong’s national energy-chemical base. Currently, with coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, carcinogens, and fine chemicals, the company will continue its horizontal and vertical layout and build a coal Quito conglomerates.
The technology and cost drive are two-fold, and the advantage of the nuptial plate is clear, and the cost of the coal-based carbide project is 500-1,000 ton lower than the price of oil in the current $70/bail range. Also, even when compared to the coal industry, the company costs the same kind of carbide industry.
This is mainly due to the raw material advantage of the resource hinterland, the advantage of industrial chain integration, and the cost-aaugmented river of depreciation and amortization. The medium- and long-term price of thioate products is still good, based on the following findings: supply and demand side, along with depreciation and amortization.
The recovery in the global economy and the outlook for the demand for polyolefins are promising; on the cost side, a gradual recovery in international oil prices will provide a higher cost support for the price of polyolefins; on the product side, the increase in proprietary and high-end materials in the company ' s three phases and inner Mongolia projects will provide higher premiums for the company ' s products.
Industry patterns are expected to be reshaped, coke performance continues to grow, benefiting from the cost advantages of higher coal self-sufficiency and flexible raw material mix, corporate coke, and the Māori rate of the plate is similar to, but similar to, companies that own coal, such as Western Hill Coal, Open Shares, etc.
The Māori rate is 10-20% higher than that of companies with low self-sufficiency in gold-energy technology, Botellon, and mountain-west cokering. The medium- and long-term prices of coke products remain good, and, on the one hand, the supply side of the coke industry is steadily pushing forward.
On the other hand, Mongolia’s energy policy of dual control is being implemented gradually, with a very limited additional capacity for coke and a growing concentration of industry in the future.
The expansion of the company has not stopped at its current size. The market is most concerned with the 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon demonstration project in Inner Mongolia, which has been incorporated into the local master plan and the capacity is expected to be delivered on schedule, when the company ' s cost and size advantages are expected to increase further.
The company actively embraces the national two-carbon strategy, and project planning is forward-looking. The integrated solar-powered hydrogen storage and integrated application demonstration project is a practical deployment of the two-carbon strategy, which will be fully completed by the end of 2021, with a combined annual production of 200 million hydrogen and 100 million oxygen, which will reduce businesses.
In the future, the company will further increase the conversion rate by reducing the cost of green hydrogen to fossil-fueled hydrogen balances, which will expand the size of the company and open up a wider development space. The industry of hydrocarbons and caramels will be profitable in the long run, with the first “buy-in” rating for coverage.
The energy security problems of the “coal-corro-chemical” flagship company in the lead track highlight the strategic value of the coal industry and the resource pattern of our “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor” that makes crude oil and gas imports dependent.
Against the backdrop of growing global geopolitical complexity, the country faces serious challenges to its energy security. The strategic value of coal, according to the China Oil and Chemical Industry Federation, was 195 million tons of domestic crude oil production in 2020, a 1.6 per cent increase in the same year, but the apparent consumption of crude oil was 736 million tons, a 5.6 per cent increase in the same year, as can be seen from domestic crude oil production.
At the same time, our coal reserves are very rich. According to the China Mineral Resources Report 2019, compiled by the Ministry of National Natural Resources, our coal reserves are identified as 17,857 billion tons, equivalent to the current year’s consumption.
In the broader context of rising oil prices and energy security, modern coal-chemicals have come to life as a clean development path for coal. And coal-based hydrocarbons are one of the major components of modern coal-chemical industries, as technology has evolved in recent years.
However, because of the size of investment and geographical dependence in the coal-rich industry, only coal-rich areas have clear raw materials and policy advantages. And carbon neutrality and policies have made future coal projects more difficult to approve.
The threshold has been further raised, and future competition for coal-based hydrocarbons will be concentrated among several existing big coal-based hydrocarbons.1.2 Relying on the resource base to expand the industrial layout, the company is located in the Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base core of one of China's “Golden Triangles”, surrounded by coal.
Carbon resources are abundant, ensuring stability and ease in the supply of raw materials in the industrial chain. The company’s main business covers coal production in mid-year, an increase of 130% in the company’s methanol production capacity, the production capacity of 4 million tonnes/year of coke and 1.2 million tonnes/year of polyolefin, 4 million tonnes/year of methanol, 780,000 tonnes/year of refined chemical products, and
The company will continue to be organized horizontally and vertically. Horizontally, it will continue to scale up the existing main products, such as 3 million tonnes/year of concentrated multi-carbon projects.
It is expected to be operational by the end of 2021, with the three-stage production of 500,000 tonnes/year coal and 500,000 tonnes-c2-c5 combined benefits project expected to be operational in 2022, while the 4x1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon demonstration project in Inner Mongolia is steadily advancing, among others.
Continue to extend the length of the industrial chain vertically and increase the layout in the area of “carbon neutrality”, with a view to achieving 50 per cent of the carbon reduction in the enterprise over a period of 10 years, and take the lead in the industry over a period of 20 years in achieving “carbon neutrality”, such as solar energy, electrolytic hydrogen storage and integrated applications demonstration projects, to be fully operational by the end of 2021, with 250,000 tonnes per year installed.
The planned launch in 2023, among others, will result in a “coal, coke, gas, chemical, oil, electricity” multi-generation cycle that will give companies wider growth prospects. 1.3 Corporate ownership and profitability performance are prominent.
In terms of net profits from recovery and repatriation, overall growth has been maintained over the past five years. In 2017, there was a larger increase, with a 53.2% increase in revenue and a 70.1% increase in net profits, mainly as a result of the supply side reforms in the coke industry, with a significant 87% increase in the price of coke sold as one of the main products, while increasing the production of polyfinylene products through technology.
13%, which makes performance in 2017 bright. Moreover, production led by the post-carat gasification of 600,000 tonnes/year-old HFOs, increased sales of polyolefins by 506,000 tonnes in 2020 on a par, contributing to a significant increase in performance.
The revenue from the production of vinyl hydrocarbons and coke accounts for 90.9 per cent of total revenue, while Māori accounts for 94.2 per cent, the overall Māori rate of the company has remained at over 40 per cent over the past five years.
Up to $8344/t, with an increase of about 28.7 per cent, the unit price of coke sales increased from $590/tt to $1277/t, up by 116 per cent, while the company controlled production costs by relying on the cost advantage of raw materials, driving the continued Māori rate up to the 2021 quarterly report, and the company ' s Māori ratio increased further, driven by the increase in the volume of primary business products.
A total of 51.4 per cent was achieved in recent years. 2. Technology and cost double-drive nuclei have a significant advantage. 2.1 seeks to compete differently with state-of-the-art technologies.
Coal-based carbide can be divided into two processes: coal-based methanol and methanol-based hydrocarbons, which contain four core technologies: gasification, synthetic gas purification, methanol synthesis, and methanol-based hydrocarbons. Currently, gasification, synthetic gas purification, and methanol-based synthesis technologies are well established for commercialization, with less pronounced differences, while methanol-based hydrocarbons differ significantly.
Some of the more successful processes currently being developed are uop/hydro ' s mto technology, Germany ' s lurgi ' s mtp (product based on acrylic) technology, and Hmto ' s Hmto Central Incubator technology. Compare key technology indicators.
1) The Dmto second-generation and 86% generation technologies of the Great LICs are the highest in terms of the rate of collection of dibenzene, with 95% and 86% respectively, with a significant lead on the back of the shmto technology. 2% compared to the dimto-generation technologies of the Great LICs and 2.89% respectively.
The Dmto 2nd generation technology of the Great Connector Institute has been reduced to 2.67 and further widens the gap with other technologies.) In terms of methanol conversion rates, the Dmto 2nd generation technology indicator of the Great Connector Institute remains the highest of the mainstream technology, at 99.97 per cent.
As can be seen, in the mainstream methanol-based acrylic acrylic process, the Chinese Academy of Sciences has the most advanced indicators, the most advanced techniques, and the most sophisticated commercial applications.
Using dmto 2 generation technology, the ongoing Ningdong 3 and Inner Mongolia Base 4 million tonnes project will use the Dmto 3 generation technology of the Great LICs to increase the size of the single coal-based hydrocarbon device from 600,000 tonnes/year to 1 million tonnes/year, further reducing the olene ratio to 2.66 tonnes/ton, in close collaboration with the Great LICs.
Companies seek high-end and differentiated routes for their products. Although domestic coal-based industrial energy is growing faster, the products are concentrated mainly in generics, while high-end specialized materials are less involved.
Active layout of high-end materials. 1) Increased development of specialized materials, including high-smelting finger fibres, smelting sprays, small- and medium-sized materials, water pipeline materials, etc., were developed in 2020 with a 57% share of specialized materials in the product structure.
2) Accelerating import substitution for high end products, of which both phase II and phase III have the capacity to produce high end products such as double peak polyethylene and polyethylene macarat, which are currently as dependent as 50% and 90%, respectively, and which will result in additional market share and profit margins for companies
2.2.1 The rise in oil prices highlights the cost advantages of the coal industry.
The coal-based and pdh (propane dehydration) processes have emerged in recent years, but, due to the maturity of the pyrocephalus process and the high use of integrated products, the production of the acetylene has been dominated by oil routes. According to the data, by the end of 2019, ethylene production in the country was 30 million tons, of which oil routes accounted for Pida.
By 75%, coal routes account for 25%; acrylic production can be more than 40 million tonnes, of which 60% are oil-based, 15% c-a-crylate and 25% are coal-based. Since oil-based processes are still significant and dominated by “three barrels of oil”, the overall competitiveness of the coal industry is determined by the cost of oil-based polyolefins.
In terms of cost, the cost of raw materials is over 75% of the cost structure of acetylene oil. In 2020, the international price of oil showed a v trend, Brent crude oil was again stable at $60 per barrel, and we believe that oil prices are expected to fluctuate around $70 over the next two years, mainly on the basis of the following findings:
1) The global vaccination process is accelerating, generating economic recovery and boosting demand for movement, and the demand for crude oil is improving. The scale and implementation of the reduction in production are record, although it has gradually been reduced in May-July this year, but it has had a less market impact and will be adjusted in the light of the pace of recovery of global demand for crude oil.
Production ranges and rhythms, ensuring a balanced oil market, have made the supply of stocks relatively stable. 3) After a sharp fall last year, and even negative oil prices, the expansion of shale oil in the United States, which has had a greater impact on the supply side, has slowed down. Moreover, under carbon neutrality and outlook, international oil giants such as bp have also made a strategic shift ahead of schedule.
The cost of oil-based hydrocarbons is estimated at $6,000 per ton, plus transportation costs and value-added taxes, which are close to $7,000 per ton. The cost of oil-based hydrocarbons will continue to rise as the oil price focus increases.
The medium- and long-term prices of polyolefins are supported by a higher voice for oil-based polyolefins manufacturers, which are more complex than traditional oil routes, with longer production processes, large investments, up to 60% of fixed costs, and about 40% of raw and fuel coal costs.
Most of the industry is located in the main coal-producing area, where the price of the raw material used is 200-500 yuan per ton, which has a clear material cost advantage. On this basis, the cost of coal-based hydrocarbons in the Northwest Territories is now estimated at $4,500-5,500 yuan per ton, plus transportation costs and value-added tax, and the cost of the corresponding hydrocarbons is estimated at $5,500-6,500 tons per ton.
Taken together, the coal-based hydrocarbon project has some cost competition when the crude oil price is above $50-55 per barrel; most of the coal-based hydrocarbon route loses cost advantage when the oil price is below $50 per barrel. As the price rises to close to $70 per barrel, the cost-competitive advantage of the coal-based hydrocarbon project is expected to expand.
2.2.2 Cost poles for the construction of modern coal industries The advantage of the company's hydrocarbon project is not limited to traditional oil companies, which show unique advantages in terms of energy abundance compared to companies listed by the same type of coal industry.
Bit cost is on average $1065 per ton (26 per cent) lower than China ' s Shunhua and Sino Coal energy sources, $1447 per ton (35 per cent), polypropylene unit cost is on average $998 (25 per cent) lower than China ' s Shunhua and Sino Coal energy sources, $1475 per ton (36 per cent).
Figure 13: Cost per unit of polypropylene for various coal-chemical enterprises (RM/t) In the case of China, where the production process is essentially similar to that of Bo Fong Energy Phase I, the methanol component uses a Dmto generation technology with a construction scale of 1.8 million tonnes/year coal methanol and 600,000 tonnes/year
Polyolefins and a small number of other by-products, but the difference between 15 - 20 per cent in the rate of Māori in the coal industry is mainly due to the supply of raw materials for bountiful energy, the industrial chain layout, and the costs of depreciation and amortization.
The geological structure is simple and well mined, with 1.41 trillion tons of coal deep below 2.000 m, representing 25.5 per cent of the country's total coal resources: 351.4 million tons of coal resources have been identified, representing 18.1 per cent of the country's total identified coal resources. In addition, companies have established long-term cooperation with large coal enterprises around the Shunhua Ning Coal and the Shunhuahua Sea, among others.
The price difference between raw coal purchases is small, and the cost advantage of abundance is more evident in industrial chain integration and depreciation. But the average price is lower than that of firms that are relatively distant from the main production area of raw materials, such as Botellon.
The cost is estimated to be 4.5 tons of coal for the production of 1 ton of acrylic hydrocarbons, with a significant cost advantage compared to the above-mentioned enterprises of about 900 yuan per ton. Second, the benefits of industrial chain integration.
The chain is closely connected so that the product of the previous unit becomes the material of the next unit, and even the product of the different plates can be transmitted to each other through pipes or belts, recycling, for example: 1) the company can produce 500,000 tons left from the cork gas produced by the cork block of the coke business as compared to the occult project.
The right methanol saves a lot of raw coal, using a gas cost of 0.3 m3/m, a ton of methanol alone consumes 2,000 m3 of gas, and the electricity cost estimates that the cost is around 1,000 methanol, which will produce more cork gas to prepare methanol than God's ton coke project.
2) In addition to the by-products of the furnace gas, other by-products of the company are recycled, such as the by-products of the combing, and the introduction of coal into the power system to provide steam and power, the by-products of the coal are thoroughly processed to produce products such as modified asphalt, industrial naphthalee, and the by-products of the co-products are hydrogen-based to produce pure benzene, benzene, benzene, etc.
For benzene products, the by-product carbon of acetylene can produce products such as mtbe.1-butylene. The three-phase 500,000 tonnes c2-c5 integrated use of acrylic hydrocarbons project will further increase resource utilization by producing products such as c2-c5 and methane from phase II and phase III by-products.
III. Depreciation and amortization advantages. Because of the higher technical content of the production equipment and the higher amount of investment in the coal-based hydrocarbon project, depreciation costs are higher than the cost of the coal-based hydrocarbon, and therefore investment in the construction of the compressed project is also key to reducing the cost of the coal-based hydrocarbon.
One billion yuan, an extension of 14.4 billion yuan in the second half of Central Coal, savings of more than 30 per cent in investment costs compared to the industry, lower investment costs, which also result in lower depreciation and amortization costs of the same company for tons of products, depreciation of the company ' s tons of products and a lower cost of about 700 to 1,000 yuan in treasury services.
Of course, there is some historical reason for the excessive cost of investing in the divinity, because the 600,000-ton coal-based hydrocarbon project is the country’s first commercialization project, which does not allow for lessons learned, and which leads to a very large initial investment. From the two-phase upgrading demonstration project in which investments are being invested, the size of the capacity will be small (17.1 billion) in the event of a modest change in the amount of investment.
Larger than the first stage (2 million tons of methanol, 700,000 tons of acrylic hydrocarbons), the depreciation and cost of tons of products will decline, but there will still be a large gap between the rich and the rich, indicating a deeper difference in management in the investment costs of the rich energy. Companies are the only private business in the current large coal industry, with national companies.
The epc package is different, the energy source is involved in the design, procurement and construction of the project, and the company's technicians and executives take care of the project themselves, such as the technicians' in-depth knowledge of the various processes and equipment, and increase the bargaining power of the equipment when it is purchased: the project works with different projects, according to the order, to the most cost-effective construction unit.
The cost gap has been significantly reduced through fine-calculation and strict controls. (2) Planning gaps. Companies use one-time planning, centralized programming, phased implementation, one-phased projects, two-phased projects and three-phased projects are located in the same campus, creating a super-large industrial cluster.
The construction of public support facilities has significantly reduced investment in single projects, investment in public support facilities, and financial costs. And there are countries such as Sino-Pulsified, with wide business layouts, coal-based hydrocarbons only part of their operations, lack of consistency in project planning, and difficulty in generating scale effects to reduce costs.
2.3 Demand prospects contribute to a long-term positive price of polyolefins (PFOs), which currently produce up to 1.2 million tonnes/year, and a further 5 million tonnes of future production and release plans, and therefore the climate of the polyfins industry has a greater impact on corporate revenue.
1) In the case of polyethylene, we believe that the medium- and long-term improvement in the supply and demand pattern is based mainly on the following findings:
In recent years, in particular, the prevalence of online shopping has led to rapid growth in the express delivery industry, with 83.36 billion deliveries above the size of the national post office in 2020, an increase of 31.2% compared to plastic packaging.
In addition, polyethylene is widely used in the area of pipelines, and the demand for drainage is rising as the country’s shanty towns progresses steadily. In terms of the balance between supply and demand, polyethylene consumption has increased significantly over the past five years, resulting in demand and supply differentials.
The gradual expansion to around 18.6 million tons also led to an annual increase in imports, with a high dependence of 49 per cent.2 For polypropylene, we are equally keen on the future demand outlook, based on the following findings:
Plastics are the most promising area for pp. They are widely used in the manufacture of home appliances, toys, washing machines, cars, etc. In the case of automobiles, the proportion of steel currently in the main material composition of cars is as high as 55% to 60%, which also provides greater space for the replacement of lightly quantified materials.
250 kg/car, while the amount of plastic used in our cars is only 100-150 kg/car, there is still much room for improvement. Based on domestic vehicle production in 2019 and single-car plastics in 140 kg, the demand for plastics in the car domain is about 3.6 million tons.
The demand for plastics, such as polypropylene, is expected to continue to rise. In terms of the balance of supply and demand, polypropene consumption has grown significantly faster than supply over the past five years, leading to a gradual increase in demand and demand between 5.52 million tons, of which 2,971 million tons were seen in 2020, a corresponding increase.
Add 4.21 million tons, an increase of 16%. We expect that the demand growth in the next two years will continue to be ahead of the growth in production capacity, combined with the supply and demand side, the wide range of applications of polyolefin products and their close association with gdp, with better demand prospects as the global economy recovers; on the cost side, a gradual recovery in international oil prices will provide prices for polyolefins.
Higher cost support; at the product level, higher premiums for company products will be provided by increased proprietary and high-end materials in the company ' s second, third and inner Mongolia projects, so we believe that the company ' s sales of polyolefins are expected to maintain a steady and positive trend, and that the performance of the hydrocarbon plates is expected to increase.
3. Industry patterns are expected to continue to grow in terms of re-engineering coke performance. 3.1 Coal self-sufficiency upgrades will increase the cost advantage. In terms of process, the production of 1 ton of coke consumes approximately 1.15-1.33 tons of coker, which is the only used for coke.
Coal production and production costs have increased steadily since October 2020, when the price and cost of coal production as a coal-cane owner increased. And the energy source of the treasure is dependent on higher coal self-sufficiency and flexibility.
Coal self-sufficiency is high. On the back of Ning Shaningdong Energy Chemical Base, the company actively used its rich coal resources to build three coal mines, 3.6 million tonnes/year, 1.2 million tonnes/year, and four shares/year, respectively.
Coal deposits and 2.4 million tons of red and four coal mines raise the self-sufficiency of coal to around 70%. In particular, the first two coal mines are located within the park area and are transported directly through the conveyor belt from the bottom of the well to the production line, achieving a “zero-distance” supply of their own raw materials, with extremely low logistics costs.
There is a huge difference, with companies producing coal of their own at an average cost of less than $300/t in 2020, while extracoal purchases cost around $575/t. According to our estimates, the operationalization of the red four coal mines, based on 50% of the clean-up rate, resulted in a reduction of 1.2 million tons of refined coal in 2021, even taking into account the increase in the price of extracoal purchases.
The company’s coke products are mainly low-level non-marked cokes at the secondary and lower levels, requiring relatively low demand for raw materials. The focus is mainly on a third of coal, with a suitable amount of coal, gas-rich coal, small quantities of primary coal, and thin coal.
The company ' s use of scalding caricatures allows flexibility in adjusting the mix of coal and thin coal, reducing the procurement of high-quality cokers and increasing the production of self-produced coal at the time of the increase in the price of imported coal. Figure 18: Prices of refined coal purchased by different companies (in yuan/tons)
Benefiting from the cost advantages of the above-mentioned reasons, the company ' s coke plate in 2020 was as high as 53.55 per cent, which is close to coal-subsistence companies such as Western Mount Coal Power, Open Shares, etc., but 10-20 per cent higher than companies with low self-sufficiency in gold technology, Botellon, Merchant Energy and Shanxi. With 900,000, the rate is 10-20 per cent higher.
The future corporate coal self-sufficiency is expected to increase further and the cost advantage is expected to be maintained as projects such as the Ton-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dian have landed.3.2 Supply-side contractions have led to an upturn in the coke industry, which, as the world’s largest charcoal producer, has long accounted for about 60 per cent of total global production.
The impact of the epidemic was felt at the beginning of the year, but the focus on coke prices rose in 2020, again because of the over-expected implementation of focused de-productivity, which exceeded market expectations. We believe that the medium- and long-term price of coke is still better.
3.2.1 Supply side reforms have led to a reduction in stock supply in 2004-2015, where the trend towards large-scale domestic coke equipment and industrial scalability has become more pronounced, adding to the growing demand for iron and steel in the country, leading to a rise in coke production. However, after 2015, supply side reforms began to be implemented.
The annual coke production is growing again, but it is largely underpinned by the dividends of supply-side reforms, better profits for the coke industry, the start of some of the capacity replacement projects, and the relative concentration of capacity given the construction cycle of about two years. According to the Begawan moor data, in 2020, the domestic elimination of the caramel production was close to 4,354 million tons, down 7.7 per cent from the same year.
Future domestic supply-side reforms are still under way, but the policy focus is expected to shift from volume optimization to structural optimization. Me, and the flaring of coke chambers at a height of <5.5 meters and less than 1 million tonnes/year have been included in the limitation category.
On the list, the coke stoves with an altitude of less than 4.3 m (with the exception of those with a fixation of 3.8 m and above) were listed in the phase-out category, but Mystel showed that at the end of 2020, the carbon carbide chamber had a high capacity of 4.3 m and below, about 172.65 million tonnes, or close to one third, of which the relative capacity of major production areas such as Shanxi was still higher than the relevant capacity ratio.
In addition, as the incinerators below 4.3 m are concentrated in independent coke plants, the former account for 66% of the country’s total coke production, smaller capacity, low concentration of capacity, and environmental standards.
Intensity, such as drying out, rising standards for flue gas devulcanization, small independent carcinogens will be phased out, and the concentration of production in the coke industry is expected to increase further.
Figure 22: Supply-side reforms have a greater impact on the start-up of small-scale enterprises. 3.2.2 Double energy controls reduce the projected availability of coke production.
Thirty-nine per cent, followed by 19 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively, in the east and north-west of China, and a smaller proportion in the other regions. Over the past few years, under environmental pressure, some of the coke production in Jiangsu and Shandong has shifted to the interior of Mongolia, resulting in a sustained increase in production in the north of China.
However, at the end of 2020, the Joint Agency of the Development and Reform Commission of the Autonomous Region of Mongolia and the Energy Agency drafted a number of safeguards (advised drafts) for the task of ensuring a “XIV V” energy consumption target, which requires strict control of the additional capacity of the coke. This will prevent future production in the northern part of the country.
In 2021, with more productive capacity, but stronger demand-side support, the supply and demand gap is expected to continue to grow further in 2021, with a projected 30 million tons of high-fire capacity. With this shift in production capacity over peaks, the carbon phase-out after 2021 will be higher than the replacement capacity, and the supply and demand patterns of the industry will continue to grow by 2020.
As one of the largest independent centrifugal enterprises in the country, the company's coke plate will continue to benefit. 4.1 The Inner Mon base will re-create a powerful energy source.
The expansion of the company has not stopped at its current size, and there will still be a number of heavyweight projects in the future, including the Ningdong 3 Mt./Oyex and the Inner Mongolia 4 Mt./Oyex, while the market is most concerned with the Inner Mongolia 4 Mt./Oyexite demonstration, of which 2.6 Mt/Oyre projects
Approved by the Development Reform Commission of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region in July 2020, the procedures for project use, etc. have been approved by the competent authorities, while 1.4 million tons of projects have been included in the Ordos master plan, which is expected to move forward on schedule, taking into account the advantages of the size of the enterprise and the distribution of the carbon-neutral and field.
The supply of raw materials, labour costs and technological advantages are expected to expand further. Figure 23: The cost of raw materials for the Ningdong base and the Inner Mongolia base satellite map of Mongolia projects is even lower.
The original coal production is 81,516,000 tons, compared to 64,165 tons in Ordos. Companies can take advantage of local resource advantages to further reduce costs.
Inner Mongolia projects will have lower labour costs. The company will introduce industrial interconnections, big data, etc., into the Inner Mongolia projects, promote automation, digitization, and intellectualization of the plants, and achieve core jobs from their current positions.
The technology of the Inner Mongolia project is more advanced. The gasification process in Ningdong is powder gas, while the gas in Inner Mongolia is water gas gas gas gas, taking into account that the average coalol ratio for Ningdong II is 1.44 tonnes/ton.
In addition, the new project uses the latest three-generation dmto technology, with a single set of 1 million tonnes per year, more advanced technology, less investment per unit, and lower investment and depreciation costs. Once the Inner Mongolia project is on the ground, the company will have more than 6 million tonnes of polyolefin production capacity, conservatively estimated.
The Inner Mongolia project, which has a greater cost advantage, will generate a net profit of about $17 billion for the company. 4.2 The Green Hydrogen project reflects the forward-looking layout of the company. The company actively embraces the national double carbon strategy and strategic planning is forward-looking.
The project, in which companies rapidly set up carbon control working groups after the country had proposed a two-carbon strategy by 2020, was strategically planned in accordance with “50 per cent carbon reduction in 10 years, leading the way in achieving carbon neutrality and targets within the industry in 20 years.” Its demonstration project on integrated solar electrolytic hydrogen storage and integrated applications is a practical deployment of a two-carbon strategy.
The project began in April 2020 and is now partially operational. The overall project will be completed by the end of 2021 and will consist of 200,000 kW photovoltaic power units and 20,000-hour electrolytic hydrogen units, the largest single plant in the world and the largest electrolytic helium.
Power generation, followed by electrolysis of “green hydrogen” and “green oxygen”, replacing coal with “green hydrogen” as raw materials. “Green oxygen” replacing coal as fuel, supplying chemical systems to produce high-end chemical products, thereby achieving the goal of replacing green energy, fossil energy and reducing coal consumption and carbon dioxide emissions.
The standard, the capacity of oxygen at 100 million, reduces the consumption of coal resources by 254,000 tons per year and carbon emissions by about 445,000 tons. * According to the calculations, the current combined cost of hydrogen for the bountiful energy system is around $1.34 per target, compared to the current chemical energy.
The cost of source hydrogen is still high. In the future, companies will further increase conversion rates, reduce hydrogen production costs, keep electricity generation costs at $0.068/degree, and green hydrogen costs at $ 0.7/scale, reaching the current equilibrium of fossil-energy hydrogen, and in the future companies will further expand the production of green hydrogen and new energy sources.
Given that Oec’s output reduction is still significant, and that the global economy is gradually recovering with the full spread of vaccines, the oil price focus will shift upwards, assuming an average price of $65, 70, 70 dollars in 2021, 2022, 2023.
In October 2020, the S4 mine entered the joint pilot phase and was officially produced in 2021, assuming that 3 million tonnes/year of coal co-carrying multi-production projects were successfully launched by the end of 2021 and 1 million tonnes/year of H2O3 projects were successfully launched by the end of 2022, all of which will be produced at the end of the next load.
The 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project in Inner Mongolia was included in the Master Plan for the Construction of a Modern Coalized Industrial and Industrial Model Area in the City of Ordos in June 2020, pending the approval and commencement of the process of environmental assessment, and taking into account the construction cycle, the actual output will be released before and after 2024.
Taking into account the company's track and main business, we have selected three listed companies, China Shinhua, America's Energy, and Warluhem, as comparable companies. The company, as a modern coal industry giant, has a clear cost advantage compared to other companies in the industry. At the same time, the company took the lead in the coal industry in laying green hydrogen projects, turning in “carbon neutral”
The company should enjoy a certain premium on valuation, and we believe that the most common absolute valuation method is the " dcf " approach of 2021, the main parameters of which are described below:
• Beta coefficient (beta): the reference meso index base industry averaged almost five years, at 1.1.rf: the risk-free rate of return of 3.13 per cent using the 10-year maturity rate of the median debt.rm: the market expected rate of remuneration is approximately 8 per cent by reference to the combined rate of return of the 300 index at the depth of the last five years.
The company ' s equity rate of return is ke: based on the capm model, or ke = 8.49%. Estimates. Given that the company ' s multiple projects are expected to land, the scalding and caramel industries are profitable in the long run, covering the risk of a sharp fall in international oil prices for the first time, the company ' s prices for its products are closely related to international oil prices, once oil prices are high
The level of profitability of the company ' s hydrocarbon products will be affected by a sharp decline, and the risks of raw material supply and price fluctuations, which affect the company ' s profit level, will result from the fact that coal is the main source of modern coal-based products, and the company guarantees the supply of raw materials through its own production and out-purchase.
The risk of a delay in the commissioning of new projects is that the company ' s 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-product project is planned to be completed by the end of 2021, while Ningdong ' s three-phase 1 million tonnes/year polyolefin production plan will become operational by the end of 2022 and will have an impact on the company ' s performance if the project fails to materialize as expected by the market.
Risks of safe production, the production of modern coal-chemical products and the raw coal mining process in which the raw materials used are used, the company has obtained the required safety production permits for the relevant operations and has developed a series of safe production management systems in accordance with industry standards and actual production, but it still faces the risk of safety accidents.
We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.