002074.sz: Share of installed aircraft 12 September 2025 steady growth, solid-state batteries progressing as scheduled
The main business of the company is lithium cell power and the transmission and distribution equipment. The main product is lithium power.
The increase in the volume of goods contributed to a further increase in the share of new products and continued to expand the share of high- and medium-end clients. 25h1 corporate power storage + 19.9%, Māori rate of 14.2%, compared to +0.7pt, which benefited mainly from three generations of power core production, led to improvements in client structures. The share of companies installed continued to rise, with 25h1 having a domestic and global share.
On the other hand, with high-density fast-loading products such as the 1,600 "Starting 2 Generations" core, the company continues to push for level B to fit in with high-end vehicle delivery in multiple cases, such as Chirschung/Zero C11; on the other hand, on commercial vehicles, the company introduced the "g-line super-card standard" that combines four guns and fills the technology with 1,000v high-pressure platform.
Total equity/circulation share (millions of shares) of box "new items, full coverage of heavy card applications, 7.4% share of domestic commercial loaders of 25h1 and +1.9 pct, contributing a major increase in the power share.
Circulation b/h (millions of shares) VII. The company’s current product covers a multi-energy scenario, publishing a “dry-consumption” 20mwh storage and battery system for large reserves, enhancing the extreme environmental safety of the equipment; and rolling out a go to the toc market overseas.
Solid-state batteries are well on the lead in the country and have a new operating base. Corporate solid-state battery operations are moving fast, fully solid-state batteries are now officially running the test line in the goldstone battery first.
During the production phase, 90 per cent of the best products were delivered, technological breakthroughs were achieved, and the design of the first generation of full-state 2gwhh volume production lines was initiated to accelerate industrialization; in semi-solid-state batteries, the company's “g-ton” was expected to have a energy density of 300wh/kg, with a continued range of 1,000 km.
Business progress is already in the forefront of industry, and in the context of the company’s recent deep strategic collaboration with the billions of air intelligence, we believe that firm solid battery technology is expected to help it drive its operations into low-altitude vehicles, human robots, and a growing global supply capacity, with public cooperation projects on the ground.
Former North America (California pack), Europe (Germany pack) and South-East Asia (Viet Nam kernel + pack, s148516001001 Indonesia/Thai pack) production bases were operational, with European Slovak and North African Moroccan electricity
The core +pack base is expected to land gradually over 26-27 years, overseas localized production capacity is becoming apparent, and the 5mwh IRS system is now home-grown in Germany, while the three major regional marketing operations and management teams of the company are becoming operational, the company ' s global supply delivery capacity and the competitive advantage of overseas costs
In working with the general public, the company raised its standard core plant production planning from 20 gwh to 28 gwh in the first half of the year, reflecting a more optimistic expectation of public delivery, with 26 years of postnatal delivery expected to contribute to the company’s sustained performance.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: product-end upgrading enablers are active in expanding medium- and high-end customers, adding more productive capacity, new and expanding, and companies are expected to continue to increase their earnings and profits, while companies industrialize solid battery technologies Progress industry leads, combined with the rising share of global supply advantage of companies and future public cooperation
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the inability to build the world’s output, the risk of rising raw materials prices, increased competition in the industry, and so on. The source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Wu Xingyang.
Ho Ha Qing is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.