Performance continued to grow with the release of multi-requirer operations on 31 August 2025 \triangleright
In the case of power batteries, the company's power cells for the first half of the year.
The global rate of installed power is 3.6 per cent, a 1 per cent increase over the same period.
2.16 pcts. Launch of the new self-researched mmfp system, 1600 morning core and battery bags, Lee Xiaoping's roll-out of the first experimental line of the g-alert solid battery, the connection to the "Goldstone" fully solid battery, and the roll-out of the commercial carg
In the case of storage cells, the public storage battery is ranked seventh in the world, with a revenue of $4,562 million, an increase of 5.14 per cent, and a gross interest rate of 19.35 per cent, a decrease of 3.21 pcts.
Storage of “resort cell systems” enhances safety and reliability in extreme environments.
Sustained breakthroughs - 2025/04/27. Synergy in internationalization and capacity-building. Markets, covering the four major regions of China, the United States, Europe and Africa, Asia and the Pacific, \triangleright
In the area of research and development, the assessment is: going out to sea to raise profitability and new technologies to consolidate long-term advantages.
Production capacity is reported in the 24-year period: high performance, global strategic deployment stocks are ready for use by the end of the year. Overseas production has gradually started in Viet Nam, Morocco, the United States, etc., under the company’s flag of 5 mwh.
Accelerating 2024/04/21 Liquid cold storage energy systems have been localized at Göttingen base in Germany.
In-depth national high-level (002074.sz) report: Industrial chains, taking into account the firm's active role in building an integrated industrial chain, leading the sea-going process and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.