1h25 power business growth is robust, solid-state battery layout is ahead of schedule; the purchase of thorium power cells for maintenance has increased significantly, but the Māori rate has declined. 1h25 countries earn 19.39 billion in high-tech revenue from higher battery output. According to Sneresearch, the first six months of the year saw a global power cell load.
At the profit end, the first half of the year was a net profit/deduction of the mother to a hundred million yuan, compared to +80.4%, mainly as a result of an increase in the return over the period. The next half of the year, with the increase in the share of storage batteries and three generations of core products, we expect the Māori rate to rise.
Overseas localization is advancing steadily, and solid-state batteries are breaking out. Companies are active in expanding their output, reaching 150 gwh (2024:100gwh). At the same time, they are active in overseas operations, about 33% of which are at the forefront of the industry.
The factory was successfully put into operation, and the Moroccan (20gwh) and Slovak (20gwh) bases were scheduled for production in 2026 and 2027, respectively. In the field of solid batteries, the company has launched the G-altitude and “Goldstone” fully solid-state batteries, of which the goldstone fully solid batteries are in the production phase of medium-test production and have been launched.
Work on the design of a 2gwhh mass production line. Technological breakthroughs and downfalls are still key to the current development of solid-state batteries, and the mid-test production of the state is at the forefront of the industry and is expected to drive its commercialization to the forefront. Lilewyo, phd, cfa
The company continues to work with the general public on technological upgrading and the introduction of new cars, and popular Europe/public China is expected to generate revenue gains for the company in 2026 and 2027, respectively. Lithium electricity sector demand is up, backed up by “reverse inner volume” advocacy and solid-state battery concepts, with more volatile company stock prices in the medium to long term.
We continue to look at the company's solid-state battery technology reserves and the overseas production and distribution of energy based on 002074/ch and 002074/ch.
002074/ch, 002074/ch, 002074/ch, Silver International.
On the 9th floor of Wan Yi Building, 68th in Hong Kong.