• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • robust growth in performance and significant improvement in profitability
In the first half of 25 years, the company achieved revenue of $19,394 million, an increase of 15.48 per cent in the same year, and a net return of $367 million, an increase of 35.22 per cent in the same year. The Māori rate for core business power cells was 14.24 per cent, an increase of 2.16 pct in the same year; and the net interest rate for the company as a whole was 1.89 per cent, an increase in the same year.
● Power Batteries: increased profitability, optimized client structure 140.034 billion yuan in corporate power cell business in the first half of 25 years, rising by 3.6 per cent worldwide, up by 1 percentage point from the same period last year, and rising by 1 percentage point domestically
At the same time, the company publishes a "g-line super heavy card standard box" that covers the full range of heavy card applications; and is working with billions of people.
In the first half of 25 years, the company’s energy battery system generated $4,562 million, an increase of 5.14 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the company was ranked seventh in the world in terms of battery output. The company published the "Death Dollar Think Tank 20mwh Storage Battery System" and the Toc Market, where the gendome series of portable mobile storage can be set up for high interest in overseas markets.
The energy system has been localized at the Göttingen base in Germany. The solid-state battery is moving fast, the global layout is accelerating, the company has made a breakthrough in the solid-state battery field, and the energy density of the Golden Stone Full Solid Batteries is high.
350wh/kg, the first fully solid-state experimental line has been successfully integrated; the energy density of the “g-altitude cell” is 300wh/kg, with a range of 1,000 km. Corporate solid-state battery technology is expected to cut into emerging areas such as low-altitude vehicles, human robots, etc., to accelerate the commercialization process.
The company’s overseas operations accelerated with revenues of $6.40 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.79 per cent over the same period, raising the share to 33.00 per cent. The plants of Göttingen, Viet Nam, etc., in Germany have continued to operate, while planning to build new production bases in Morocco, Slovakia, the United States, etc.
1. Technology leads drive battery innovation, high risk of changes in international industrial policy; fluctuations in raw materials and inventory risk; and technological overlaps and emerging technology routes.
Alternative risk; risk of exchange rate movements. Using information of legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.