The Biadi Electronic Division, which accelerated market expansion, announced on the evening of 30 December 2020 that, in order to better integrate resources and do much of the semiconductor business, the Department of Public Administration convened the fourth meeting of the seventh Board of Directors on 30 December 2020 to consider the adoption of the " Decision on the Proposed Planning of Holdings " .
The subsidiary segmentation bill, which the Board of Directors agreed to plan for the segmentation of the company's holding subsidiary Biadi semiconductor, Inc. (hereinafter “Biadi semiconductor”), and authorized the company and the Biadi semiconductor management to initiate the pre-market preparation of the split Biadi semiconductor, including, but not limited to, the validation of the feasibility programme, organizational development
The listing programme, the signing of the relevant agreements in the planning process, etc., and after the establishment of the listing scheme, the listing programme and other matters related to listing are referred to the company’s board of directors and shareholders’ meeting for consideration. □ semiconductor operations are listed separately, accelerating market expansion. The company holds 72.3% of Biadi semiconductor shares,
The Biadi semiconductor is mainly engaged in research and development and marketing of power semiconductors, smart controls, smart sensors and photovoltaic semiconductors. The subsidiary has a chip design, crystal round manufacturing, encapsulation testing the whole industry chain layout. Its main product is a new energy vehicle semiconductor, and therefore has a large market support for the parent company in downstream applications.
At the same time, when listed separately, companies will introduce strategic investors who, while maintaining real control, will help to achieve their brand development and external marketing. The semiconductor industry is a strongly supported industry, and the market share of the Biadi semiconductor will continue to expand in the face of the high profile of the new energy automobile industry downstream.
□ The global electric trend is deepening, with companies selling more cars than industry. According to the China-China Association, the number of domestic automobiles finished sales in November was 2.73 million, an increase of 11.1 per cent and a rise of 6.2 per cent over the same period. The country strongly supported the recovery of the automobile industry, particularly the new energy automobile industry.
In the six months following the report’s release, the company/industry ups and downs were compared to the previous ups and downs of the previous index/deep evidence index for the same period.
Synchronization of markets: The rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuates between ~5 ~ + 5 %; there will be no change. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.