Biadi q3 is showing high growth, and the market is recovering from new energy prospects. The company published a three-quarter report in 2020, which generated business revenues of $10.02 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
11.9% long; net profit to the mother of $3.41 billion, an increase of 116.8% over the same period; a positive increase in the sale of q3 vehicles in the third quarter, with future vehicle cycles and technological advantages contributing to growth. Power batteries and semi-conductors, among others, are expected to be on the market, with better value. We expect the company to collect each share in 2020-2022.
q3 performance grew at a high rate and q4 continued its positive trend. Corporate income increased in the first three quarters of 2020 The overall Māori rate rose by 4.7 pct, with a 7.7 pct increase in Biya Electronics. Sales costs increased by 5.5% and expected cost controls were effective. Management costs decreased by 1.9%, and staff salaries were expected to decrease as a result of research and development.
The four cost rates increased by 0.8 pct over the previous three quarters, while the intake and gross profit rates increased by 324.5 per cent. q3 automobile sales increased at a positive rate of 33.2 per cent for Biadi e-income and 40.7 per cent for overall income; and the Māori rate increased by 8.5 pct over the same period.
Of these, an increase of 9.8 pct over Yadi ' s electronics, expected Mäori improvements in such operations as automobiles; increases in sales, R & D and financial costs, an increase of 1.7 pcc over the same period of four costs; and the achievement of a net profit of $1.58 billion (+113.3 per cent), which is the best in history, with a contribution of approximately 1.20 billion by Biadi ' s electronics.
As the company estimates, the net profit of q4 is about $790 to $1,190 million, continuing the rapid growth. q3 vehicle sales are increasing at a positive rate, with vehicle cycles and technological advantages increasing. The company sold 26.9 million vehicles (-19.9 per cent) in the previous three quarters, and q3 sold 110.3 million vehicles (+2.4 per cent), of which new energy sources are available.
50.3 million vehicles (+7.0 per cent) with a positive quarterly growth rate. On new energy sources, since Han's listing, supply should not be sold.
In the case of fuel cars, the heat of the Song series, etc., is expected to warm back. The company’s blades, batteries, carbonated silicon, and the dm4.0 hybrid system, among others, will continue to improve the competitiveness of its products.
Power cells and semiconductors are expected to be marketed and value-added. The company released blades and battery products in the first half of the year, leading in terms of volume energy density, safety, and so forth, and gaining wide consumer approval.
The company's igbt industrial chain layout is perfect, and more advanced carbonated silicon has been placed on the bus, using the market price as a standard on October 29, 2020. The company integrates related operations such as the power semiconductor and establishes the Biadi semiconductor limited.
In recent years, companies have gradually opened up their sales systems, power cells, semiconductors, etc., have become out-sourced and are expected to be marketed. The products in question are promising.
1) Not as much as expected in automobile sales; 2) The decline in the Māori rate of product prices; 3) The new business is not as good as expected.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations