We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, mainta.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Increaseof3.6% yoy.amongthese,nepvachieved20kunits, anincreaseof chinanevsector anewbototom-linerangeof3.4-3.6bninthefirststreamersof2020e.
I'm sorry, we had contactbyd'sssalesvolumeinthe4q20eandremaininoptimistic jackbai aboutitsperformancein2021egevenitsnewproductcycle.weraiseourbottotom--
I don't know, robinxiao benefied anothercoveryofchina'soverallnevmarket, by the achieveddrapidgrovethinitsnevgmentinsep.bydsold42kunits
(ice+nev)ofautoinsep, anincreaseof3.6% yoy.itsnevbusinesshas stockdata reboundbackbackbackbacktoahhighgrothgathathatalsalesvolumeof20kunits,
Anincreaseof45.3% yoy.amongthese, nepvachieved 19kunits that thetotaleliveryofmodelhanisinlineofourexpactations, withatotal volumeof5,612unitsinsep.weextectatthesalesvolumeofhanwill
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, sir, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
But I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do this, but I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Totalinevsalesof67kunitsin4q20e, anincreaseof102% yoy.
"byd (002594ch)-ashiing"byd (002594ch)-expecthigh
Grothofn evin2h20e-1sep "byd(002594ch)-hiddengiant byde (285hk)expectedtobeatmarkettextations.forapple
Webelievehat by dehasobtainada 20-30% sharethelate2h20eipadmodels,anditwillreach30-40%ofallipadproductsby2021e.asappleillacleratethe
I don't know if I'm the one who's going to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to do it.
Infy21e (vs.10-20% infy20e).
The companyrevisedupits3q20eearningsguidances.by-visibilitys
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
3 per cent of yearrevenueforcastby torm 157bnfectorvenueadjustment ofbyde.inthemeanwhile, weraisedourbototom-lineforcastby 7 per cent torm 4.2bnin20202020etetortehenpropabilityoftheautoandbybusiness.
The companyplanstorease3qquarterlyreportson29oct.constructualversionboard; raisetpby37.6% to rmb155.7.byd'ssharepriceassurgedmorethan 37%
Wethinkbyd'sstrangeshareprimementum reflectsre-ratingonthenewsegment, asweexpectpublication salesgroveofbyd'sflagshiphanevcomparingmajornevrivals, we
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious, the company's industrious, recipientsshouldbeoulwarathat and bismayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and the biswillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeterof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofuseofindicatedsciencelyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinated, sold, rededitedorpublishedinwholeorinpartoforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and biis.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going, and I'm going to do it, and I's all, and I'm going, and I's.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the case of the specialtiesandfuturesact (cap.289), the bisgacceptslegalresposiabilityfortheconcentsocentsocentorsuchpersonlyto the extenrequiredbylaw.singareccipientssouldcontactandbisgat+656350400formattersattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwiththeotherport.