002230.sz. Starfire model v4.0 full-blown break-up, ai+track performance ups and downs.
Corporate bulletin: On 27 June 2024, the company officially released the Big Star model v4.0, upgrading the seven core competencies completely, exceeding the gpt-4turbo, in terms of text generation, language comprehension, mathematics, and ranking in eight international mainstream tests.
First, it's a leading model. At the same time, the Starfleet has launched a “personal space” to connect the entire system to the software and hardware product ecology. For applications in the field of specialization, companies are constantly upgrading innovations in the fields of health, education, and office, contributing to the scaling up of the ai+track applications.
In addition, the company launched the Starfire Smart Enterprise platform, which helped develop the ecology of the developers while the Big Star model brought power to the industry. The nation’s trust computer view: In the global wave of artificial intelligence, the company’s core-source technology advantage was highlighted as our artificial intelligence leader, “Pingle.”
On June 27, 2024, the company officially released its first national product, Vanka.
The Arithmetic Cluster “Flying One” is a large satellite fire model v4.0, which upgrades seven core capabilities, fully crosses gpt-4turbo, and exceeds text generation, language understanding, mathematics, etc., with graphic recognition leading to gpt-4o in scientific, financial, medical, judicial, office and other settings. Twelve major model mainstream tests in English and Chinese are concentrated in China and abroad, and a satellite fire is concentrated in eight tests.
First, it goes beyond major international models such as gpt-4turbo. Based on the accumulation of core technology at the company’s source, a combination of big starlight models can be seen in the fact that they remain at the forefront of the country. Currently, the Big Star model is becoming the preferred choice for the national energy group, China Oil, China Movement, China People’s Security, Pacific Insurance, Transport Bank, etc., while at the same time it is already in the domain of code, compliance, customer service, evaluation, intelligent interaction, etc.
With the continued optimization and expansion of the application of the Big Star model, companies will be expected to maintain an advantage in future market competition. They will continue to lead the tide in the process of large model development. They are moving steadily towards the construction of a comprehensive ecological system covering source technology ecology, smart body ecology, applied biomass and industry ecology.
Figure 1: The Big Star model v4.0 is officially released. Figure 2: Accelerated ecological growth by starfire developers. Together, China is building the base of national production algorithms to guarantee the sustainable development of artificial intelligence technology.
On October 24, 2023, Cote d’Ivoire joined forces to announce the launch of the first Vanka National Production Calculus Platform, Flying Star One, which supports the training of a trillion parameter model.
The performance indicators of the Great Star Fire Models v3.5 and v4.0 based on Flying Star One are at the top of the country and go beyond gpt-4turbo in terms of performance such as logical reasoning. By working with China’s strategy, companies leapfrog into the autonomous capacity of the core technological model and also provide more stable and efficient technological support for the company’s expansion across the various tracks, promoting the depth of the model, enabling it to do a great deal of work and promoting autonomy.
Since its inception, China's artificial intelligence “national team”, a leading technology company, was established in 1999 as a well-known Asian-Pacific company for the listing of smart voice and artificial intelligence. Since its inception, China has been engaged in core technology research such as smart voice, natural language understanding, computer visualization, and maintaining international cutting-edge technology.
Artistic R&D and industrialization are committed to “making machines listen, understand, think, build a better world with artificial intelligence.” The company is a mixed ownership system, with a more fragmented equity structure, with large shareholders in China Mobile Communications Ltd. and China's major assets operating in China.