Repository banks report performance ratings for the semi-annual period 2025.
A 3.1 per cent increase in the same year and a 4.78 per cent increase in the same year's net profit have been realized. Debt costs have fallen, non-interest income has risen and business costs have been optimized to support performance. Companies have taken the initiative to adjust savings agent rates, resulting in associated costs being reduced by $5,425 million, while strengthening cost refinement management, reducing the cost-income ratio.
At Zhang 1 latitude, the cost of the debt falls, increasing interest spread resilience, and increasing public-receivable loans: 2025h1, net corporate interest income, 1.23% interest rate on deposits, 25bp lower than in the previous year, and the cost falls to boost interest spreads.
By the end of June, total corporate lending had increased compared to the beginning of the year, inclusive financial investment had increased, retail lending had remained resilient, growing by 1.86 per cent from the beginning of the year, and private individuals had demonstrated a sharp increase in financial management, investment and investment returns, with more non-interest-free operations: 2025h1, with no interest on the company.
Revenues increased at a rate of 48.23 per cent and 47.89 per cent, respectively. Wealth management improved. Retail sales amounted to $17.67 trillion, an increase of 5.87 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; bank loans, financial advisers, bond cover grew rapidly. Other non-interest income increased by 25.16 per cent, mainly from bond transactions and tickets.
Investment returns increased by 64.64 per cent according to the acceleration of the flow and the increase in investment returns compared to the previous year The overall quality of assets stabilized and capital strength increased significantly: by the end of June, the unperforming lending rate for companies had risen by 0.1 pct compared to the beginning of the year, with poor output mainly from individual microloans; provision for the provision of grants
At the core level, the capital adequacy rate is 10.52%, compared to the investment recommended earlier in the year: companies rely on postal groups, relying on a unique model of “self-employment plus agency”, to sustain the consolidation of inclusive finance and rural revitalization of the main positions and a solid base of retail district clients.
Fast-tracking. Cost management for liabilities is high, agent rates are lower to facilitate cost optimization, cross-counting of assets management ecology and trading bank capacity accelerates construction, profitability continues to grow, capital replenishment is strong. Figure 1: Postal bank revenue collection, net profit and speed increase
Figure 3: Net income from interest and rate of increase from PSDB, Figure 4: Net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates on PSB, Figure 5: Size of PSB loans and speed of increase
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.