On August 29, the Postal Bank published its semi-annual report for 2025.
Positioned as a service to the Three Farmers, urban and rural residents, and small and medium-sized enterprises, PBS is committed to providing services to the most dynamic client groups in China's economic transition and to accelerating the flow of data-driven, collaborative and coordinated channels.
The business has excellent asset quality and significant growth potential, and it is China’s leader.
In the face of economic and social development in China, the 1h25 Postal Bank collects +1.5% on a year-on-year basis, with an acceleration of 1.6 pct over 1q25.
In particular, (1) net interest income shares are in line with the concept of comprehensive reform and innovation to accelerate the transformation of "specialization, integration, lightization, digitization, intensification"
Continue to improve the economic performance of service entities and focus on service clients 3.5 pct. With the second quarter of debt city warming, fair value changes and deficits are significantly repaired; and trading capacity is increased and efforts are made to build customer trust, distinctiveness and robustness.
Safety, innovation-driven, and high-valued, large retail businesses are 2.8 pct. Of these, investment, financial management, and hosting are all growing faster, and the advantages of public and financial operations are more pronounced. Cost-control results are evident, and profits are higher before provision is made.
The effect of the two downward adjustments of the savings agent rate by the Postal Bank since September of the year showed that the savings agent fee of 1h25 fell by 8.9 per cent over the year, while the driving and management fee fell by 7.4 per cent over the same year. Cost revenue was 54.7 per cent over the same year.
1h25 net profit for the mother is equal to +0.8%, with the ring improving by 3.5 pct; split to enable loans to grow double-digit and increase at the same rate as co-operators. The total assets of the Postal Bank at the end of June, loans equal to +10.8%, +10.1% and the ring increasing by 0.3 pct, 2.5 pct; and the loan increasing at the same rate as the state-owned bank.
In addition to the water environment and public facilities management, manufacturing, leasing and business services, the net difference between the net difference in the share of the net was lower by the same amount as in the first quarter. 1h25, the net difference in the net rate of the Postal Bank was 1.7 per cent, a decrease of 17bp over 24 years; the fall of 21bp was the same as in the first quarter. The net difference was slightly lower than in the other quarters, mostly as a result.
A slight decrease in the cost of liabilities. 1h25 Savings on deposit in the Postal Bank, interest-bearing liabilities and interest rates fell by 21bp over 24 years, but by less than the average of the five major banks; mainly, there was a solid base of deposits in the past and a relatively low share of long-term deposits, regulations on the pricing of inter-operator deposits, lower interest rates on deposit and self-regulation of interoperator deposits
There is less room for improving the cost of its liabilities, such as regulation. At the end of the asset, depending on factors such as repricing of loans, lower interest rates on stock mortgages and interest reductions, the rate of return on 1h25 loans and interest-bearing assets fell by 48bp and 37bp, respectively, compared to 24 years, a decline that is roughly comparable to that of peers.
The pressure on the quality of assets is mainly in retail business, and the level of provision is adequate. At the end of June, the PS bank had a poor loan rate of 0.92%, with a rise of 1 bp over the ring; the concern rate and the delay rate were up by 14 bp, 1 bp to 1 bp, respectively, and the negative pressure was mainly in retail. At the end of June, the retail lending rate was 1.38%, compared to the beginning of the year.
In retail loans, the main pressure was on individual micro-credits (business loans), which were 2.3% by the end of June, 9bp by the beginning of June, 2.55% by the first half of the year, and 37bp by 24 years. The risk of retail lending was exposed.
In terms of industry and cyclical characteristics, it is expected that with economic recovery and the rehabilitation of the population's balance sheet, Eastern financial and intellectual sources will gradually emerge and comparable to national averages, retail risk phasing is expected to have a limited profit-making impact.
Investment proposals: As a retail-specific state-owned bank, the Postal Bank relies on a “self-employed and agency” operating model, with nearly 40,000 outlets, a solid customer base and a debt advantage, and a strong retail strategy. In recent years, public services and fund management have also grown faster and their operations more evenly.
The capital strength of the company is further strengthened by the availability of capital. A combination of the current macro-environment and corporate performance, pb valuations, maintains a “highly recommended” rating.
Figure 2: Quarterly receipts, pops, net profit increases by year, Figure 3: 1q25 and 1h25 performance break-ups by PBRD, Figure 4: PB bank deposits, loans, interest-bearing assets increase by year
Figure 5: Trends in net interest differentials at the PSB; Source of Eastern Finance; Figure 6: Poor PSBs, Concerns, Overdue Rates
Figure 7: Reserve Bank provision coverage, loan allocation compared to Eastern financial and intellectual sources, Eastern financial and intellectual sources
Postal Bank (601658.sh): Increase in non-interest-free contribution, positive growth in revenue-earning profits -- semi-annual review of 2025, source of financial prosperity in the East
There's a direct or indirect connection between the idea and the idea of the future.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the Postal Bank (601658.sh): The increase in interest-free contributions, the increase in revenue earned, was positive - the semi-annual evaluation of 2025, and there was no guarantee that the information and advice contained would not change. We tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points of view in the text,
The conclusions and recommendations are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.