2201 High profitability and high oil prices contributed to the recovery of the sea-based oil-suppliers incident: On the evening of 28 April 2022, the first quarter of 2022 was published in the China Sea garments.
q1, the company achieved revenues of $6,798 million, or +15.2 per cent; net returns to mothers of $304 million, or +67.7 per cent; net returns to mothers of $267 million, or +76.48 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in the volume and utilization of basic drilling wells, with a significant recovery in performance in the first quarter of the quarter.
Practice No.: s1500519080001 International oil prices as a whole have gone up at an average price of $98 per barrel for brent crude oil, +59.7% year-on-year, ring ratio + 22.5% year-on-year. Capital inputs for upstream exploration and development have continued to grow, with a clear recovery in the oil field services sector
It is clear that, thanks to the seven-year plan of action to guarantee the national energy security strategy and increase storage, there has been an increase in the number of major loads and equipment used by the companies. 2022q1, the company achieved camp drilling services: self-upgraded, semi-submarine drilling platforms operated for the first quarter of 2022.
\triangleright 3239 days, 683 days, +26.1 per cent, -5.5 per cent, and calendar days, respectively
Ten, for a total of 12768 days of operation for the current period, compared with +1082 days, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent, and a utilization rate of 91.8 per cent for calendar days, compared with +2.0 ptt. Survey plate size: operations in submarine cables amounted to 243 square kilometres, a decrease of 52.6 per cent.
\triangleright Additional Submarine Node (obn) Operational Fleet, 60 km2, same year as last year.
No related operations. 2-D and 3-D collection decreased in comparison with year-on-year operations as a result of fewer overseas operations and the impact of domestic seasonal operating windows.
The gap between supply and demand contributed to a rise in oil prices and a recovery in the garment industry. Prior to the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, the gap between supply and demand for crude oil existed and would be maintained.
The q3 profit margin has improved, high oil prices have boosted, and the supply and demand of the ball have changed at both ends, and we believe that even in view of the slowdown in demand recovery, the landscape has recovered 2021.11.03.
The global gap in crude oil supply and demand will continue to widen further, and oil prices will be opened up again. In the medium- and long-term, "Investment Impairment Lights, Sea Oil, " the Middle East region has a long production cycle for traditional oil fields development, with a limited supply of additional crude oil each year;
2022.03.27 The US shale oil has limited capacity and bottlenecks for long-term growth, and the US has strategic replenishment needs in the coming years, influenced by energy policy, investor pressure, rising costs, high-quality block depletion, etc.
Low-carbon transformation pressures have forced European oil companies to cut production; Russia will accelerate production due to insufficient capital spending
In view of the energy transition, the global demand for crude oil for 2023-2025 will remain at a level of between 1 million and 1.5 million barrels per year per year.
High oil prices will drive upstream capital spending back to the bottom, further boosting the oil garment industry. According to the company’s 2022 strategy, global upstream capital spending will increase in 2022 in proportion to the same rate.
Of the 54 contracts with a contract value of $1.2 billion, the company’s domestic and foreign drilling platform operations in 2022 are expected to continue to grow at a high level. China’s capital expenditure of 22q1 sea oil has steadily increased, providing a strong guarantee for the company’s domestic performance.
With more than 70% of the external stock, the country will continue to increase its oil and gas exploration and investment efforts to secure energy sources. With a combination of high international oil prices, the national energy security strategy, and the China Sea Oil Mothers’ seven-year plan, China and China will continue to increase their production in a positive manner.
Division orders within the group are guaranteed. In 2022, q1, China Sea Oil Capital Expenditure was 16.9 billion yuan, compared to +56%, and in 2022, China Sea Oil Capital Expenditure Budget was $90-100 billion, compared with the Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We predict the company ' s net return profit for 2022-2024, respectively
Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk of oil prices; backlash demand recovery with less than anticipated risk; upstream capital expenditure with less than expected risk; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate volatility risk.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.