On October 30, 2018, the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2018, and in the first three quarters of 2018, operating income was 10.7 billion, an increase of 63.91 per cent over the same year, attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of 1.911 billion, and overall performance was as expected. In the first three quarters of 2018, operating income was 10.7 billion, a rise in the same year.
63.91 per cent and three quarters of single season operating income of $3.29 billion, an increase of 39.57 per cent over the same period, with a decline in the ring q3 season cashed to supplement the price. The three quarters of single seasons of cobalt trioxide and cobalt sulphate, respectively, decreased by 22.43 per cent and 22.77 per cent, resulting in negative round increases in corporate single-season revenue, net profits, and gross margins.
The market environment has become cold, and companies have increased their repayment efficiency to cope with risks. The company’s sales costs have increased considerably, reflecting the cooling of the market environment and the increased difficulty of marketing.
With the efficiency of the raise, the turnover of accounts receivable and notes receivable has improved considerably over the second quarter, while reducing the rate of supply of raw materials, controlling risks, and actively facing market changes. Based on a positive view of the future capacity of the company to release, there is a cautious view of future trends in the price of cobalt products
There has been a significant increase in the stock of companies, with the risk of a loss in their performance if cobalt prices have fallen significantly, and the volume of new energy vehicles sold has been significantly lower than expected.
The company achieved operating income of $3.29 billion in the third quarter, a 1.85 per cent decline in the ring, taking into account a 22.43 per cent and 22.77 per cent decline in the three-quarter cobalt and cobalt sulphate average prices, respectively, and the company's sales in the three-quarters, which achieved operating costs of $2,428 million in the three-quarter period, an increase of 24.6 per cent in the ring, compared with the three-quarters of mb during the same period
The average ring was 18.5 per cent lower than in the second quarter, reflecting a short-term upward trend in the cost of corporate inventories under the weighted moving averaging system accounting standards. The Māori rate and net profit for the third quarter were 26.2 per cent and 12.3 per cent, respectively, down from the second quarter.
The company ' s three-quarter turnover tax plus 52 million, with a 116.7 per cent ring increase, mainly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and its sales cost and ring ratio, which reflected a market environment trend of 100 million and a 49.6 per cent drop in the ring, mainly due to the enforcement of Sunda by China ' s subsidiaries to China.
Cash received by the company for the sale of goods and the provision of services during the three-quarter seasons was $3.32 billion, exceeding the current quarter (3.29 billion); and, at the same time, the turnover rate of three-quarter notes receivable and receivables was 153 per cent, continuing the upward trend of the target in the two-quarter period, with a significant increase of 42 percentage points, indicating the return of the company.
Efficiency has improved significantly, and the quality of benefits has improved significantly. 3.08 billion dollars in cash have been paid for goods and services during the third quarter, a decline of 4.33 per cent in the ring, which continues to be higher than operating costs ($2.428 billion), indicating that the company is working for new productive capacity next year.
Material reserves, which continue to increase the stock of raw materials, but in order to protect against the risk of falling prices, the stock is increased at a faster rate than the relevant report rating ratio analysis in the market, and then the average is calculated to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment