CMB International Global Markets | Equity Research | Company Update
Hikvision (002415 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BUY (Maintain)
Short term margin pain amid business transformation
Target Price
RMB57.10
(Previous TP
RMB62.06)
Hikvision top-line remained strong but GPM erosion was a negative surprise in
Up/Downside
+43.0%
FY21 & FY1Q22, due to 1) more implementation work of large-scale smart city
Current Price
RMB39.93
projects, 2) increasing innovative business contribution and 3) additional costs
due to supply chain disruption. However, we are encouraged to see reducing
China Software & IT Services
reliance on public security projects. Margin decline is a temporary yet inevitable
short term pain amid business transformation, in our view. Maintain BUY.
Marley Ngan
■ FY1Q21 top-line beat but margin miss. Hikvision reported in-line FY21 with
revenue of RMB81.42bn (+28% YoY) and net profit of RMB16.80bn (+26%
Bowen Li
YoY). However, GPM missed (-2.2 ppts YoY to 44.3%) as more low-margin
pct pts YoY). FY1Q22 revenue growth remained strong at +18% YoY to
RMB16.52bn but net profit missed (merely +5% YoY to RMB2.28bn), largely
Stock Data
due to unexpected GPM erosion (-3.1 pct pts YoY to 43.7%).
Innovative business revenue doubled YoY in FY21. With continuous R&D
effort (R&D expense was up 29% YoY to RMB8.25bn in FY21), Hikvision has
expanded its camera applications with Al/ sensors technology. Innovative
businesses (Smart Home/ Robotics/ Thermal/ HikAuto/ Storage, etc.) revenue
Shareholding Structure
doubled YoY to RMB12.27bn, accounting for 15% of FY21 revenue (vs. 10%
in FY20). Core surveillance business also recorded strong recovery from
COVID-19 (+20.6% YoY to RMB69.15bn in FY21). Meanwhile, we are
Source: Bloomberg
encouraged to see lower reliance on public security projects as PBG China
revenue contribution continued to decline (32% in FY21 vs. 35% in FY20).
Share Performance
GPM erosion was a negative surprise. The decline was attributable to 1) local
government specifically appointing Hikvision to be the system integrator of
Source: Bloomberg
large-scale Smart City projects (Construction GPM was low at 23.0% vs. Core
products of 46.4%), 2) increasing innovative business contribution (GPM
12-mth Price Performance
improved to 40.5% in FY21 from 37.3% in FY20, but still below blended GPM)
and 3) additional raw materials/ logistics cost caused by supply chain
disruption. Hikvision will continue its high-inventory strategy and targets to
maintain a stable GPM in FY22E despite revenue mix change.
Maintain BUY. We cut FY21-23E net profit by 6-7% to reflect lower gross
margin. Maintain BUY with new target price of RMB57.10 (prior RMB62.06).
Key downside risks include city-lockdowns and softening macro.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Deloitte
Related Reports
China Al "Al leaders taking
Feb 2022 (link)
Hikvision (002415 CH) "High
(link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
FY21 results review
Revenue was at RMB81,420mn (+28% YoY), in-line with our and consensus
estimates.
PBG: RMB19,161mn (+19.9% YoY)
EBG: RMB16,629mn (+12.9% YoY) – part of thermal camera business is
reclassified from EBG in 2020 to Hiklmaging in 2021. Adj. EBG grew at
SMBG: RMB13,490mn (+46.5% YoY)
Overseas: RMB18,926mn (+15.1% YoY)
Innovative business: RMB12,271mn (+98.9% YoY)
Constructions: RMB4,004mn (+148.0% YoY)
Gross profit was at RMB36,091mn (+22 YoY), below our estimate by 3% and
consensus by 2%.
pct pts and consensus by 1.7 pct pts.
Core products and services: 46.4% (-2.1 pct pts YoY)
Constructions: 23.0% (+6.8 pct pts YoY)
Innovative business: 40.5% (+3.2 pct pts YoY)
Operating profit was at RMB16,559mn (+22% YoY), below our estimate by 4%
and consensus by 10%.
Operating margin was at 20.3% (-1.1 pct pts YoY), below our estimate by 0.9 pct
pts and consensus by 2.7 pct pts.
Net profit was at RMB16,800mn (+26% YoY), in-line with our and consensus
estimates.
EPS was at RMB1.80 (+26% YoY).
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
FY1Q22 results review
Revenue was at RMB16,522mn (+18% YoY, -36% QoQ), beat our estimate by 3%
and but below consensus by 7%.
Gross profit was at RMB7,224mn (+10% YoY, -30% QoQ), below our estimate by
5% and consensus by 12%.
Gross margin was at 43.7%, (-3.1 pct pts YoY, +3.7 pct pts QoQ), below our
estimate by 3.7 pct pts and consensus by -2.1 pct pts.
Operating profit was at RMB2,548mn (-1% YoY, -52% QoQ), below our estimate
by 14%.
Operating margin was at 15.4% (-2.9 pct pts YoY, -5 pct pts QoQ), below our
estimate by 3.1 pct pts and consensus by 0.2 pct pts.
Net profit was at RMB2,284mn (+5% YoY, -61% QoQ), below our estimates by
20% and consensus by 22%
EPS was at RMB0.24 (+5% YoY, -61% QoQ), below our estimate by 20% and
consensus by 17%.
Figure 8: FY1Q22 results review
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Operating model
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
Hikvision (002415 CH, BUY, TP RMB57.10)
P/E, 1-SD above its three-year mean. We believe Hikvision deserves a re-rating as supply
chain risk is mitigated and new growth drivers (innovative businesses) are emerging. Also,
Hikvision announced plan to spin off its smart home and robotics businesses on STAR
board. We believe the spin-off could provide new financing channel to support IoT/ AI R&D.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.