The technological advantage continues to grow, with a high rate of growth in the net return margin.
The recovery in demand has been accompanied by a national six-emission switch, an increase in domestic demand for large and medium passenger vehicles in the first half of 2021, combined domestic and export sales of 39,833 vehicles in the industrial sector, compared with 3.3 per cent in comparison with 3.3 per cent in comparison. The company has performed well as head of the domestic large and medium passenger vehicle, and has improved overall performance.
The volume of buses sold was 20588, compared to +38.19 per cent, and the return, net profit, respectively, of the same period of the previous year, with an improved profit margin ring and a significant drop in management costs. In the first half of 2021, the company ' s Māori ratio, continued high R & D spending, and technological advantages increased further. In the first half of 2021, the company ' s R & D costs increased.
For $642 million, R & D expenditure was roughly the same as in the same period the previous year, with R & D spending and R & D spending at higher levels in the industry and keeping up with industry trends and investing in key technology areas for passenger vehicles. As of now, companies are in i-face smart identification systems,
Critical technologies, such as safety management techniques for the Internet-based passenger vehicles, and predictive maintenance techniques for core parts of the new energy vehicles have made a breakthrough, and technological advantages continue to be gained through the introduction of the Automated Emergency Brake System II, the New Energy Bus Collision Perception and Automatic Disruption System, and the New Energy Bus Collision Protection System ii, among others.
After that, as R & D results evolve, companies are expected to build on their technological accumulation to further expand their competitive advantages, leading to an overall increase in corporate profitability. The product matrix is perfect, and the competitive edge of products expands.
Passengers, tourists, buses, group commuters, school buses, viewers, airport ferries, auto-driving microcycles, passenger cars, etc., have a full product chain of 131 product lines, rich product lines, and well-developed product chains. Meanwhile, in the first half of the year, the company completed the development of multiple products.
28th floor and upgrade of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, 8-18m Woowee, public transport distribution and 12m of new energy road products are on the market.
The overseas market is well organized and has promoted 8.9 metres, 10.5 metres, 12 metres, 18 metres of pure electric bus products, 7 floors of inter-centre smart network products, robo-bus operating in various locations, t7 upgrading power systems, production, etc.
The Sansai Stock Company Ltd. has further refined its matrix. With the weakening of demand in the passenger-car market affected by the spread of high-iron private cars, competition in the car market has increased, and companies are expected to build on their advantages to further increase their market share.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of the bus industry, is a leading company in large and medium-sized passenger vehicle markets, with a rich bus system, a well-developed product chain and an active drive for overseas operations, a continuous deployment of key technical competencies for passenger vehicles, with the expectation of a steady improvement in the product structure and profitability of the company. Companies are expected to improve steadily in 2021.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use the information I have in my identity, status or practice.
For self-interest or for the benefit of others.