The Bank of Nanjing reported a sustained high growth in its performance in 2022, leading to a sustained increase in corporate profitability.
High performance growth comes mainly from non-interest, scale, tax contributions, and excellent investment capacity, which drives business income, which continues to grow faster and faster in size, and contributes to performance. In terms of asset quality, companies increase their efforts to dispose of their stocks with significant write-offs, and the pressure is now decreasing.
The statements are excellent, maintaining the company’s higher ratings and continuing to look good.
Other non-interest income is largely a contribution to the investment returns and fair prices of transactional financial assets.
In the first half of the year, $4,994 million was written off in the first half of the year, more than during the previous year. The pressure on the quality of the assets was mitigated by the greater stock problem.
The company has a solid client base in the Jiangsu region, has a strong competitive edge in investment and public trust operations, and continues to move forward with strategic transformations, with sustained positive expectations.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and regulatory controls are more than expected.
Bank: Central Bank ii
The high performance reported by the Nanjing Bank in 2022 has led to a sustained high growth in corporate profitability. The high performance reported is mainly due to interest-free growth, size, tax contributions, and excellent investment capacity, which has led to continued faster growth in operating income, sustained rapid growth in size, and sustained contribution performance.
The company has a strong client base in the Jiangsu region, is highly competitive in terms of investment and governance, and is continuing to move forward with strategic transformation,1 with sustained rapid growth in profitability and capital.
First, the performance of the Nanjing Bank has continued to grow at a relatively high rate, driving the growth of Roe and Roa. In the medium term, roe 17.48%, plus 0.68 percentage points, plus 1.11%, plus 0.04 percentage points, respectively. The increase in profitability has led to an increase in core capital, a slight drop in nuclear, 2 and interest rates, and the suppression of interest income.
Net interest differentials of 2.21%, a decrease of 4bp, a decrease of 5bp from the previous year. Interest-bearing asset yields and interest-bearing costs have fallen from the rate of return, asset lending returns have declined, lending ratios have risen, and asset returns have been reduced by structure. On the debtor side, deposit returns have been stable, declining compared to the previous year, and the rate of active debt service has fallen, alleviating the debt cost pressure.
3 - Growth on a smooth scale, with loans still largely supporting4 and investment-related income supporting higher revenues, with real transactions increasing at a faster scale than at the beginning of the year.3 Other non-interest income continued to grow at a higher level, with 108.2 per cent over the same period, central to growth in operating income.
Income is mainly the result of investment gains and fair value contributions from transactional financial assets. Reference is made to company announcements for changes in net interest differentials, and transactions in the first half of the year, category 5, stock quality pressures have accelerated de-escalation, and additional pressures have been added or mitigated.
The poor rate of 0.9% is the same as in the first quarter, with interest in loans at 0.83%, a decrease of 3pb from the first quarter. Credit increases are more readily available, and the downside is mainly due to write-offs.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The real economy, however, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of banks ' profits, either by making concessions over market expectations.