On August 5, the Bank of Nanjing issued its "Appropriate Notice for More than 5% More than 1% More than 5% More than 1% More than 1% More than 1% More than 50% of the total number of shareholders are more than 50% more than 50% more than 50% more than 50% of the total number of shareholders in the world.
The company’s fourth largest shareholder, Jiangsu Transport Holdings Ltd., increased its shares by 136 million shares through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Jiang Soo Yung Su Capital Management Ltd., and after the addition of Jiangsu Consort and the combined stock of Yungi Capital. Shareholders and managers support the Nanjing Bank and have confidence in the company’s future development.
Over the course of the year, the number of major shareholders has increased, and the confidence of shareholders has been highlighted.
In April 2020, Jiangsu became a shareholder in Nanjing Bank by participating in a non-public distribution. At the end of the season of 2022, Jiangsu held 999,874,667 shares in Nanjing Bank, or 9.98%, and was the fourth largest shareholder in the company.
The market held 136,366,237 shares in the Nanjing Bank, and the combined holdings of the post-Gang Soo and the Yungi capital were 1,136,240,904 shares in the Nanjing Bank, accounting for 11.03 per cent. As a result of the previous conversion to equity, the company ' s shareholding had fallen slightly to 9.7 per cent, thus increasing the share share ratio by 1.3 percentage points.
During the year, major shareholders increased, demonstrating support for the company and confidence in its future development, and since this year, the main shareholders of Nanjing Bank have continued to increase their shares. In March, the company and its controlled subsidiaries and co-actors increased by 1.05% through debt swaps and secondary markets; in May, in France,
BNP Paribas and its qfii grew by 2.33% through swaps and secondary markets. This increase was the third major shareholder increase of more than 1% in the year.
There's still room for future major shareholders and executives of the company.
Bank of Nanjing: Stockholders have increased confidence and interest in the transfer of debt.
The downside of the economy affects the real estate sector, leading to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of bank assets. Banks: the downside of the urban comptoirs has affected the real estate sector, resulting in a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of bank assets.
Macroeconomic developments affect the real economy, particularly the real estate sector, and the profitability of the economy, thus reflecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, the real estate sector is in a difficult position, and the quality of the bank’s assets is at risk, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.