18 August 2022 Nanjing Bank (6010009.sh) double-digit growth in revenue and net profit, sustained increase in profitability of 2022h1 and company operations
Zhang 1-latitude income of $23.532 billion, an increase of 16.28 per cent in the same year, a net return of $10.51 billion to the mother, a slowdown in performance of 2022q1 over the same period, but a double-digit increase in profitability.
The growth of credit at the asset end, centred on public loans, is strong, with 18.2% and 5.38% for public loans and retail loans, respectively. Public loans are still dominated by rents, uniforms, manufacturing and wholesale retailing, but capital-type' loans are growing faster and faster.
38.63 per cent, with credit resources tilted towards the priority areas of green, inclusive micro, manufacturing, and science and technology finance, with growth rates of 23 per cent, 22 per cent, 15 per cent, and 18 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of the year. Retail loans were disturbed by epidemic consumption and lower demand for mortgage loans, and performance was weaker.
Cost advantages have been strengthened. By the end of June, the balance of corporate deposits stood at $122,293 million, compared to the beginning of the year, and wealth management was well under way, with investment returns showing a bright performance of 2022h1, with a non-interest income of $3,254 million, a decline of 3.87 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decline in agency income.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 12.36 per cent from the beginning of the year, and private sector monthly averages of aum,06,987 million yuan, an increase from the beginning of the year.
+ Private banks have integrated business models with significant performance and steady growth in profitability. Loans have expanded rapidly, expanding the internal business space; the contribution of non-interest income has increased, wealth management has developed and is well: assets are of good medium quality.
In conjunction with the company's fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we maintain our own “recommend” commitment to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and in an independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.