Other things are bright and concerned about falling behind: on August 15, the Nanjing Bank issued a 22h1 report. 22h1 generated $23.53 billion, other non-interest income showed bright performance, showing stronger bond investment and trading capacity. As of August 22h1, revenue
\triangleright Co-Range Ring Ratio - 4.1 ptt, mainly driven by net interest income and net fee income, is the parent-to-Ear Co-Range Ring Ratio -2.3 ptt, but remains at a high level.
The net interest income was reduced by a year-on-year margin, mainly affected by a narrow net interest spread; the net fee income was $1 billion, an increase of 16 per cent over the beginning of the year, and retail aum grew by 12.4 per cent, while large wealth management accelerated the layout; and its gains and losses contributed to a core increase reflecting, to some extent, the excellent bond trading capacity of the Nanjing Bank, at the top half.
The research assistant is in Bowen.
End-of-end rate of return is higher than -11bp at the beginning of the year (as the data are restatements, or there are errors), and end-of-liability is better than year-round "volume-up" at the beginning of the year. For year-round, although the downward trend in end-of-asset rate of return is likely to continue, it is accompanied by a flexible liquidity environment or continuity and deposit interest rates anchoring the 10-year rate of return on national debt and a one-year period of lpr.
The cost of the liability is still expected to cool down, thereby reducing the pressure on net interest differentials. Quick-performance ratings: high performance, low performance, real gold, good asset quality, good risk offset capacity.
The annual quarterly report explains: the performance climate is up, and the transfer of shares “can touch” since the beginning of the year, shareholders and executives have increased several times, demonstrating strong development confidence. Nanjing 3. Nanjing Bank (601009.sh) has reported in depth since 2022: Large retail.
State capital, BNP Paribas, Jiangsu Transport Holdings, Inc., has increased the shares of Nanjing Bank, and 20 senior executives have proposed to increase the shares of companies of not less than $8.45 million, conveying strong shareholder and management confidence in the development of the Nanjing Bank, and a strong willingness to build up the debt-transferable stock transfer, which is expected to contribute to good performance growth.
Investment recommendations: high profits and sufficient risk offset capacity; steady performance growth, with other non-interest-bearing income showing bright performance, reflecting some degree of excellence in bond investment transactions; effective reduction in the cost of liabilities and promising continuity, which favours net interest differentials; moderate asset quality;
0.8 times 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright Figure 1: Nanjing Bank's performance up to 22h1 increased at the same rate
Figure 2: Net interest from the Bank of Nanjing up to 22h1 and net fees up to the rate of increase in the rate of increase in other non-interest income from the Bank of Nanjing up to 22h1 up to the rate of increase in the rate of increase over the same time; Figure 4: Net interest difference from the Bank of Nanjing up to 22h1 and split at both ends
Revenue earned is not interest income on the attribution of accounts, and its liability for interest payments and interest expenses are adjusted accordingly. As a result of the above change in the calibre of the net difference, the company has restated the data since 2020 by current calibre, thus making a significant change from the data for 2019.
Figure 6: Bank of Nanjing provision up to 22h1 Table 1: Stockholders, executives of Nanjing Bank since 2022 Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.