To launch a new era of wisdom in the eyes of the gods, a new era in the minds of all nations, a search by the eyes of the gods, an increase in the dominance of the mainstream price bands and an increase in the strength of high-end brand products.
The company organizes the launch of the intelligent strategy called "The Eye of the Gods begins the Age of the Wise in the Nation" and announces that the full-scale vehicle pattern under the flag will be fully covered with high-level intelligent driving. Specifically, it will include three laser versions of "Dipirot 600" a, "Dipilot 300" b, "Dipilot 100" c" and three versions, the first.
Twenty-one high-level smart driving models include less than $100,000, 100,000 and more than 200,000, such as Han, Don, Song, Seals, Sea Lions, Dolphins, Seagulls, etc. Given the firm’s high-level intellectual positioning, there are prospects for further strengthening, high-end branding of intelligent driving and product empowerment, it is expected that technologies such as dm5.0 will continue.
• At the end of 2025, 150 million kilometres of training is expected to take place daily, and the structure will be connected to the DeepSeek-r1 model, which is the company's most valued business and which has a strong resource advantage, including data.
kilometre, 72 million additional training miles in 2024, modeled every seven days, expected to reach 150 million kilometres per day by the end of 2025; (2) over 5,000 intellectual engineers at a higher level in the industry; and (3) full integration of the whole smart “brain structure” with platform e, cloudy, trielectric, chassis, smart module
• Most of the smart driving models are “no more than price” and are located at a low level of 70,000, with high-end brands filling the short board.
The company's eye c-high-level intellectuals program, with the global ingenuity of the “go-go-go-to-go” technology, can achieve a high-speed lead, High Volume Innovation/Profit Rate Ring Upgrade, flight function, full-scale passenger parking function, and city memory piloting will be upgraded by the end of the year.
dm5.0 dividend acceleration - company information update, using a pure visual program, the eyes of the gods have achieved a significant reduction, c. Seagull intellectual driving for the first time will be high-level intellectual driving report 2024.11.1
Bringing in 70,000-grade markets, 100,000-grade mainstream spaces will also be heavily loaded with cars. More importantly, the Dm5.0 dividend accelerates release, overseas operations/high, most of the new smart driving models are consistent with the old prices, and product power increases are evident and are expected to better respond to the industry.
At the same time, the high-end series of Han, Tang, and Uplift is expected to be 2024.8.29.
The Equator Leopard has been equipped with high-level intellectual skills through the National Open City's noa function, with a small increase in the performance of O1 and a great diversity in overseas operations.