• $5.6 billion h in lightning distribution, with a record scale of financing and many long-term capital support from around the world for internationalization and intelligent business development. This financing is the largest equity refinancing project in the world ' s automobile industry in the last decade, attracting a large number of top-level players around the world, among others, to highlight global investors ' engagement with companies.
The outlook for development is strong. Given that the company’s high-level intellectual leadership is expected to increase further, high-end branding is expected to increase product power, the overseas market continues to be deployed, the pure electricity sector is breaking out, with a similar increase in overseas sales since War Day 2025, and most intelligent driving cars are priceless and low to 70,000 grades.
(1) Companies are actively engaged in overseas operations: by the end of 2024 they had entered six continents, more than 100 countries and regions around the world. Companies have been developing marketing channels, introducing hybrid vehicles like Songplusdm-i in markets like Europe, and expanding fleets.
In January/February 2025, the company's overseas sales grew by 83%/188% on the same basis, and we expect that the company will have a vast future in South America, Europe, etc.; (2) Intelligent is the company's most valued business at present.
The eyes of the gods, c., have been reduced through a pure visual program, the gulls have brought high-level intellectual driving into the 70,000-grade market for the first time, and the 100,000-grade mainstream spaces will be heavily loaded. More importantly, most of the new smart driving models are consistent with old prices, and the product power will increase markedly.
In the high-end series of Han, Tang, and Tung, which carries the national noa function, the Equator Leopard has been placed with China as a high-level intellectual.
In 2025, the company will continue to push for a full conversion of dm5.0 technology, while a new generation of blade batteries will be launched. Energy density is expected to rise by more than 35 per cent, and parts of the pure tram are expected to continue a 1,000-km radius, supercharged.
At the same time, the company announced that the full-scale vehicle model would be fully covered by the high-level intellectual drive, with the Dm5.0 dividend accelerating the release – company information updates, parity accelerating the consolidation of dominance in the mainstream price band. With high-end branding, new cars are well advanced.
With regard to overseas markets, space is wide in the context of the expansion of product matrices and channels and the acceleration of capacity-building.