Intelligentity, high-end, globalisation-wide acceleration Bialdi (002594.sz) event: Biadi published the annual 2024 report, and in 2024 the company achieved $777.100 billion in revenue, the same year.
The q4 bicycles and net profits have risen further, with higher revenues and higher revenues from the same ring. In 2024, the company achieved a higher cost advantage in terms of economies of scale and high integration of the supply chain.
The cost was $5.320 billion, or +34.4 per cent, and about $54.2 billion, or +35.7 per cent, was invested in research and development.
In terms of intelligence, the company organized the launch of the 2024 Biadi Dream Day in early 2024, which launched a new strategy of intelligence, the whole car intelligence, which combines electricity and intelligence efficiently through a "circle" structure. On February 10, 2025, Biadei launched the Smartness Strategy.
At the launch, the God's Eye's High-level Smart Driver System will be installed in 100 grand and above the Biadi flag, and the gulls will be on top of the high-level wise rider, and Biadi will take the lead in extending the smart drive to 70,000 degrees ao. At the electric level, the company released "e Platform 3.0evo" in 2024, "e Platform 3.0evo" and "Five Generation."
On March 17, 2025, Biadi organized the technology launch of the Supere Platform, which showcased a multi-volt structure, flash batteries, mega-smuggling systems and 30,000 power converters.
By the end of 2024, the company's new energy vehicle had entered more than six continents, more than 100 countries and territories around the world. The company actively built a fleet of ships, two vehicles.
In June 2024, Uzbekistan’s first factories produced new energy-intensive vehicles.
Officially offline; in July 2024, the Thai factory was officially completed, combining the first-class motor manufacturing capacity with the company's leading new energy technology to help transform and upgrade the local car industry chain.
Itdsecuritiesco., 66.5 billion dollars, 79.7 billion dollars, 21 times, 18 times and 15 times, respectively, to maintain the Golden Mansion A127 West Avenue in the West Side of Beijing City.
Risk factors: Car sales are less than expected, less profitable than expected, and new cars are not launched as part of the expected, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.