Equity fund-raising for the development of the overseas market has led to the announcement issued by Biadi on the evening of March 3rd, 2025 (when the market is closed).
After the sale, the company agreed to issue shares at the sale price. The total amount of the sale is expected to be approximately HK$43.509 billion, and the net amount of the sale is expected to be around HK$43.509 million, after deduction of commission and estimated cost.
The net proceeds from the sale are to be used for group R & D inputs, overseas business development, replenishment of operating funds for general enterprise purposes.
It is expected that production capacity and supply-chain access to sea layouts will generate investment needs.
In addition to financial support, it is expected that there will be strategic collaboration with overseas fund-raising partners to help companies develop from start-up to rapid growth in overseas markets. In terms of overseas capacity planning, the Basi base, the Hungarian base, the Indonesian base, etc. are all under construction and will start production in 2025-2026.
The market is concerned about corporate liabilities and the impact of cash flows, but we believe that the high asset-liability rate is due to the fact that the company was in a period of rapid expansion, with capital spending reaching $12 billion in 2023, and that the overall debt situation will improve as the production performance is improved and the pace of intensity of production slows.
(c) The automobile industry is characterized by high input, heavy assets, and the company’s financial position is at a normal level compared with that of the international head of the company. In 2023, the mass group collected $2.53 trillion (RMB) and the total liability was $3.23 million.
In terms of upgrading, 1) the ratio of export markets and blends will continue to rise, leading companies to a steady increase in average sales prices, 2) the company introduced the "Intelligent Equalization" in February, with a high-speed noa function fully covered.
It's a full-fledged vehicle model that promotes the Sun's Eye's high-level intelligent driving system through scale-up, increases the selection to guide consumers, upgrades consumption, 3) it's different from the 2024 surge, the equation leopard, the look on only one main model, the 2025 high-end branding of new vehicles (the push, the equation leopard is expected to launch at least two new models in 2025), and
Three high-end branding channels will continue to be expanded, increasing the volume of high-end brand sales. Figure: The company’s new car-type plan for 2025 committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.