Biyadi (stock code: 002594.sz) incident: company ' s annual report for 2024 achieved 77,771,102 million in operating income throughout the year.
The average price ratio of 04 has continued to rise, with the scale effect increasing and the dynamic growth of export operations driving the growth of cars Māori in car operations and the same rate of net interest on bicycles: in 2024, the company achieved 4.2721 million in automobile sales, which rebounded twice a quarter in a row, mainly as a result of higher sales of company high-end brands, and q4 companies took up power.
+Equal Leopard sales increased by 0.3 pct to 4.1 per cent in terms of profitability, and in 2024 the company changed the guarantee category Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Quan Quality Assurance as `sale costs' to `business costs', adjusted for Mäori
The ratio rose by 0.86 pct to 19.44 per cent, with the Māori rate for automobile operations rising by 1.29 pct to 22.31 per cent, which was the main driving force behind the increase in the Māori rate, and the boom in vehicle exports, which was the Māori rate.
Between 0.3 pct and 5.7%, the net profit ring for q4 cars is equal to 0.87 million yuan. In the context of lower unit prices, companies demonstrate strong business resilience by increasing the size effect and the booming growth of their export operations.
R & D investment continues to rise, smart, electrodynamic technology is gaining strength, and smart power and super-facilitating products are becoming more competitive: corporate R & D costs increased in 2024 and companies continued to increase their R & D input. Since 2025, corporate intelligence and electrodynamic technologies have gained strength.
On 10 February, the company announced, at the launch of its smart strategy, that it was carrying a high-level intelligent driving system with the eyes of the gods, and that it would mark more than $100,000, and that it would launch an era of equal rights, in which economic products would be cut off through the production of high-level intellectuals, with a marked increase in competitiveness.
Supere platform technology, which introduces 1 megawatt (1,000kw) flash charge technology, achieves a maximum global output charge rate of 1 sec, 2 km, achieves the fastest global production charge rate — flash 5 minutes, runs 400 km, and releases 30,000 switchers and a new generation of silicon carbonated chips.
The core three-dimensional upgrade, which sets the first out in Hanl, Tangl, and the high-end products are expected to achieve the same level of performance ahead, the combined competitiveness of the smart, electric-technology upgrading enablers ' products is re-enhanced, and the company ' s powered car industry is in the forefront.
The increase in sales costs is mainly due to announced cost increases, and the rise in financial costs is mainly influenced by exchange rate gains and losses. Technology empowerment + acceleration of high-end progress + export climate continues three-wheel drive, with companies expected to rise in 2025: we believe that corporate performance in 2025 will be driven three-fold: “Technology.”
EQUALITY & Superfacilitating Technology enhances the integrated competitiveness of whole-sector products; high-end newer products, Donl, Xingn9 marketed fast-to-rich high-end product matrices; Thai factory capacity to climb up the slopes and add up new markets abroad, and continue to expand export ups and ups and downs.
Economic-type markets have led the sheep and significantly increased the competitive power of high-end markets, coupled with a large number of high-end new products, marketed, high-growth sales, new production in export operations, new markets, 663,000 vehicles exported by companies in January and February 2025 and 6.7 million vehicles, with a positive growth rate of 60,000.
Good; on the price side, companies maintain stable pricing of economic-type products through “smart parity”, and high-end new products, export sales as a percentage of higher prices are expected to drive up single-car average prices; on the profit side, on the profit side, price increases are expected to contribute to the continuation of model effects, resulting in lower costs of raw materials procurement, cost-sharing over time, and company 2024
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.