The 43.5 billion HK$h share of lightning distribution opened the new journey of globalization 04 0325 for group R & D inputs, overseas business development, replenishment of operating funds and general enterprise use.
Hong Kong HK$ 43.5 billion for lightning distribution is recognized by global funding. The company’s share has successfully drawn on \triangleright, which has involved a large number of institutional investors such as longlines, sovereign funds, Middle Eastern strategic investors, etc.
Multi-fold coverage highlights the global investor's vision of Biadi, its confidence in China's auto industry as a whole, and its recognition of the global trend towards electricization and intelligence in the automotive industry. In follow-up, companies actively deploy factories in Brazil, Uzbekistan, Hungary, Turkey, Indonesia, and raise funds to help the sea.
Outward investment has accelerated the process of globalization, with 2.6/3.5/25 million vehicles each, steadily growing out of the sea, partly due to rising demand from overseas, and rapidly increasing sales from their land, Brazil, Europe, etc., mainly in the form of a saulu mix; on the one hand, it has suffered.
In January and November of 2024, Biade, January 2025, January 2025, January 1, 1, 2 and 1, January 2025: monthly sales. In 2025, companies will increase their overseas market inputs, while accelerating their exports, with the prospect of seaboarding in Europe and East Asia.
2. Biadi (002594.sz) series II: 2023 out of 2023, South Asia and Australasia are on their way to the sea with an outlook of 800,000 vehicles for the year, which is expected to boost profits.
3. Biadi (002594.sz) Series III: Exporting Department Smart Driver Model, which for the first time decentralized the high-level intellectual driver to $70,000. According to the new wave, the profits are currently 2024 to high-end + intelligent evolution 2024/, nationwide.
In the country, the ratio of orders to the Biadi intellectual driving model has reached 25-30 per cent, and the company's underlying logic of “sizing” and “P4.002594.sz” series of ratings four: high-end marketing benefits has officially opened China's age of intellectual parity, leading to a synergistic development of the industrial chain.
High-end: In the year of company high-end products in 2025, Hanl/Donl, the flag dynasty vehicle, will also be on the market in March, with a high-level intelligent driving system of dipilot 300, supporting smart driving functions such as high-speed noa and city noa; Tengn9 will be on the market at 2025q1, positioning six large suvs.
The full-scale triangulation of technology, comfort, luxury, is expected to drive the overall profit upwards. Investment proposal: We watch corporate technology-driven product power and brand power up, speed it up, keep it up \triangleright \
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.