In January, the sea was bright and the intelligent process accelerated. Events: Biadi released sales in January. Total sales in January were 301,000, +49.2%, \triangleright.
Of these, 296,000 vehicles were sold for new energy use, i.e. 47.5 per cent for the same year, 171,000 vehicles were sold for interpolation, +78.7 per cent for the same year and 43.3 per cent for the same month.
A total of 66,000 new energy vehicles were sold, i.e. +83.4 per cent, ring +16.1 per cent, and a third roller, "bydhefei", was launched in January. On January 7, the third roller, named the compost factory, "bydhefei" was launched.
The roller coaster has 7,000 standard parking spaces. This marks another solid step towards expanding Biadi’s international logistics and transport capabilities, and is important for the further implementation of Biadi’s globalization strategy. By 8 January, Biadi’s new energy vehicle had entered the world’s 100 vehicles.
The new car is heavily launched, Biadesha is officially on the market, and seal 05dm-i is officially scheduled for sale.
On January 7, the smart saloon seal 05dm-i was officially pre-sold for $898,000.
Intelligent progress is accelerating. In April 2024, acting passenger parking was on the line; in May, Shenzhen opened \triangleright to lead the uncharted city: in June, the country opened the uncharted high-speed pilot: in October 7, the city opened the uncharted city.
The company has more than 4 million vehicles of class 2 and above, over 5,000 intelligent drivers + 100 billion in research and development. Large data bases and powerful research and development power support the eyes of the gods.
Reciprocal evolution is expected to accelerate. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2024-2026, respectively, risk factors: vehicle sales are below expectations, profitability is below expectations, and new cars are launched below expectations.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.