Shen Jia, Biadei opened the era of the "Wide for All", and city occupancy will continue to rise, suggesting that "buy in" 420rmb/425hkd
On February 10, the company launched its smart strategy launch, which introduced the "Eye of the God" high-level intellectual drive system, fully covered high-level intellectuals in low- and medium-priced products, and adopted a price-fixing strategy of "plus-no-price." The company’s market share is expected to increase further.
In 2025, the company relied on upgrading its intellectual capabilities in low- and medium-priced areas to take over the market further; and, with the advantage of a new generation of three electric technologies, the company will be able to deploy more competitive products between $200,000 and 300,000 yuan. In the case of offshore operations, as the company’s marketing network is gradually improving, maritime transport capacity will continue to grow this year.
Biadi launched the "Eye of God" intellectual drive system, which ushered in the age of the nation: on February 10, the company launched the "Eye of the God" high-level intellectual drive. The "Eye of the God" was divided into three solutions, a/b/c, matching the pattern of cars at different prices within the group.
The highlight of the meeting is that the company has fully decentralized its high-level intellectual driving function to less than $150,000, and has adopted a pricing strategy that is “non-priced.” And the key to achieving this strategy is a low-cost “Eye of God-c” solution.
Cameras, the entire programme is able to achieve 360 degrees dead-end sensing through 12 and 5 millimetre wave radars (12 ultrasound radars) at a distance of up to 350 metres. The program is already capable of producing a product combination.
At the end of this year, high-level pilot functions, such as high-speed and fast-track pilot driving, automatic parking, will also open up city memory pilot functions. Thanks to Biadey’s vertical supply chain system, 15 models for upgrading intelligent driving will be posted.
City. This time Biadi’s full coverage of high-level intellectuals in low- and medium-priced products will greatly enhance the market competitiveness of the products, and the city’s share is expected to increase further.
The company’s sales grew at a better rate in January: it sold 300,000 cars in January, yoy +49.2%, and maintained a better growth. By subcategory, the plug-in was 171,000 vehicles per month, yoy + 78.7%, the pure power was 125,000 vehicles per month, yoy + 19.1%, and the mpv was marketed on 8 January.
A total of 1003 in summer, reflecting a strong market competitiveness, is expected to continue to rise in one month. Another high-end mpv sales are expected to reach 10026 in a single month. Two mpv products are on the move. With multi-car-type smart drives on the market, corporate sales are expected to continue in February.
In January, the company exported 66,000 cars, yoy+83.4%, and Mom+16.1% of its exports alone, a record high. We expect that corporate exports will double in 2025, and South America and ASEAN markets will be important growth poles.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.