Biyadi: From mass busts to full intelligence events: company reports in 2024, revenue from business was 77.7 billion yuan, + 29% of the year; net profit from the mother was 40.25 billion yuan, + 34% of the year. Fifth generation dm batch built blasts, Biadeon China.
Super-e platforms, mega-morts, turn oil and electricity at the same speed. A full-scale hit by the Yadi “Day” program in 2025, with technology catalytic throughout the year.
The company invested more than $180 billion in the first quarter of 2024 q, with a cash reserve of $154.9 billion, to provide a strong boost to the rapid pace of business development and build a fifth generation of dm bulk. Biadi sold 4.27 million new energy cars in 2024.
This represents an increase of 41 per cent in the same year and more than half a million monthly sales for three months in a row, and a 65.2 per cent increase in the gross equity/flow (million shares) market of the Chinese brand in the home. This is a 9.2 percentage point increase in the same year.
Car Market champions, China Car Market brand champions and the Global New Energy Car Market top/lowest sales champions in 12 months and the world's first 10 million new energy cars offline in November.
The eyes of the gods drive the explosive car to full intelligence. Biadi launches platform e 3.0evo and generation five dm to achieve the world's leading engine heat efficiency (46.06%) and super low fuel consumption (2.9l/)
Biyadi Time: From Bulk Explosion to Full Wisdom - 2024-09-01. The high-level intelligent driving aid system, the Eye of God, was officially launched throughout the country during the year.
"Both Song Qi, into a mass build-up of crowns, city pilot functions, and secures the top-ranked team of intellectuals. "Bialdi moment of integration and intelligence" ------2024-07-29.
Self-researched auto-based computing platforms and ai super-counting centres to promote the “smartness of the whole car” strategy and to achieve “a national < < fifth generation dm head-on Qinl, seal06, all open, all roads open” and a stable first-tier team of intellectuals.
In 2024, Chinese car exports rose to 5,859 million vehicles, a 19.3 per cent increase compared to the previous year, and succeeded in exporting cars to the world's largest country, including China's new energy engine.
Car exports were re-innovated, amounting to 1284,000 vehicles, an increase of 6.7% over the same period, and in 2024 the number of cars sold abroad by Biadi reached 417,000, an increase of 71.9% over the same period, a historic high. Covering major markets such as Europe, South-East Asia, South America, and the Middle East, Biadi joined forces with a large number of high-quality global distributors, accelerating the pace.
(b) The establishment of a fleet of ships, “explorerno.1” and “bydchangzhou”, which have been put into operation, has contributed to a steady increase in overseas operations. The total volume of sales of formula leopards, stumps, and looking forward is 190,000, an increase of 40 per cent over the same period.
All-power flagship N9 is on the market, with high-end breakthroughs. Investment advice: the eyes drive the blast car to full intelligence. Super-e platform, megawatts flashing to turn the oil on at the same speed. By 2025, the Biadi Sky project was full-scale, and technology was continuously catalytic.
Biyadi: Bulk Explosion to Full Smart Biyadi: Bulk Explosion to Full Smart Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report