On 13/09/2021, a new equipment business began to develop.
Time Electric, based on its parent company's accumulated technology and experience of more than 60 vehicles in the field of locomotives, has rapidly grown into a leader in the country's rail industry, with emerging equipment operations centred on power devices such as igbt emerging. Corporate business cover: (1) Orbital traffic equipment: a complete industrial chain structure that has been formed as "engineer plus system plus whole": (2) Emerging equipment:
Power semiconductor devices, sensors, etc. In 2021, the company was listed in a science-starter version, raising $7.6 billion for projects such as R&D of the network of orbital transport towed systems, R&D of new energy motor power systems, R&D applications of new sensors, etc., which further integrated and enhanced the layout of new energy vehicles.
● High-pressure igbt has become a national leader, and the advantage of low- and medium-pressure vehicle regulation igbt is evident. The company has accumulated over 40 years on a large power semiconductor device, and now the igbt product has achieved full power coverage of 650v-6500v. (1) In the high-pressure field, the company is the only country to own high-iron-powered igbt chips and modular technology.
The Unit is used extensively in the field of sea-to-air and grid-to-air interfaces with companies with 300-by-temperature comparisons. Corporate high-pressure igbt module products are at the same level of technical competence as global champions, and key indicators of saturation (vce) reach the mainstream British flyer product.
As this fund-raising company is expected to increase its research and development investment in new and emerging equipment, the company’s high-pressure gbt module product line will bring the cumulative demand for high-speed iron/urban rail transport to 148.1854 billion yuan, respectively, which will be an important support for the company’s emerging equipment performance. The future construction of a flexible direct-flow grid will be an important engine of growth for high-pressure gbt products.
Time Electric is the only domestic manufacturer that can provide relevant products. Currently, the company’s 3300v products are in bulk for flexible direct transmissions, such as Utunde Works, Xiamen Soft and Yoo. (2) In the area of low- and medium-pressure car regulation, the rapid penetration of new vehicles has led to high industry growth, and the size of China’s new energy vehicle, Igbt market is expected to be in 2025.
In 2019, less than 3% of Gbt is produced in the country, and the national production space is huge. The Gbbt is a three-fold barrier to process difficulty, complex working environment, and customer stickyness.
In addition, new sources of energy, cars can bypass the patent limits of the development motive, and domestic automobile manufacturers have seized the industry paradigm shift to win the car industry.
The company has a good partnership with domestic automobile manufacturers, and the igbt product has been imported into the east wind, wide gas, down the line in September, with a capacity of 8 inches of crystal round output, which translates technological advantages into product advantages, market advantages. The company is expected to take advantage of integrated operations, product voltage coverage, customer customization, etc.
There's no competition in the industry. The entire series of trade-related products, benefiting from the 14th Five-Year High Iron and Structural-City Track Development. The company has a technologically advanced and rich track product, with 14-Year Railway regulations for the next five years.
The establishment of operational miles and urban tracks is strongly supported. (1) Corporate transit operations include orbital transport electrical equipment, orbital engineering machinery, communication signal systems and other orbital traffic equipment, which in 2020 accounted for 76%, 15%, 4% and 5% of the transaction revenues respectively.
Hand. From 2012 to 2020, the company was the first in nine consecutive years in the system; in both 2019 and 2020, the number of cars moving will increase by 40%. The current construction of the urban track is 7086 km, driving an average of 1493 new urban track vehicles per year during the "145" period, 1.6 times the "135" period, which is enough to support the company.
The company is the leader in the domestic railways and electrical equipment industry, and the country’s only autonomous producer of high-iron-powered igbt chips and modules, leading the way in technology. The company’s new equipment operations are on track to the igbt product, moving towards grids and new energy sources.
The rapid development of the new energy automobile industry opens up the space for company growth, with the company building its first 8-inch car-grade gbt chip production line down in September 2020, with a full 8-inch crystal-crystal capacity of 240,000 tablets/year, and the company is expected to seize the historic opportunity of auto electricization with competitive advantage. We expect the company to take advantage of this opportunity in 2021-23.
The annual average pere is 125 times higher, taking into account the company’s improved integrated layout and the country’s leading position, and we believe that companies underestimate, cover for the first time, giving a “recommended” rating. New-energy car sales fall short of expectations: the ability of the gbt to compete is less than expected: the ability of the gbt to climb the slopes is less than expected;
The company was set up on 26 September 2005 to build up a new company, which has built up a new one, and has built a new one, and has built up a new one, and has built a new one, and has built a new one for 60 years.
The company was established on 26 September 2005 as a second-tier company under the Chinese flag. In 2006, the company was set up under the joint initiative of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
The Hong Kong joint exchange was successfully listed: in 2016, it was renamed the current “Chang Chau Quanteng-era Electric”: in 2018, the company first recovered $15 billion. With more than 60 years of technological accumulation and the infusion of good assets in the motor and electrical areas where the parent company is located, the generation of electrical disks has become the trajectories.
As of August 18, 2021, the State Finance Committee of the State Council held a 100% Chinese-owned fleet of vehicles, with the China-China-based group holding 50.73% of the Chinese-owned vehicles, and Chuzhou is the Chinese-owned subsidiary of the Chinese-Chinese-owned company, which is also the largest shareholder of the Time-electrics, with a 50.16% shareholding.
The new equipment business is a performance-driven system The new equipment business is a combination of new equipment operations such as the "File+System+System" system, which is a leading totemperature system provider in the domestic orbital transport industry, mainly in the development and development of orbital transport equipment products, as well as in the development of new equipment operations such as a forward-looking layout power semiconductor.
Design, manufacture, sell and provide related services. The company has a complete industrial chain structure of the Device Plus system plus the whole machine, and the product consists mainly of orbital transport electrical equipment, orbital engineering machinery, communication signal systems, etc., dominated by a orbital transport towing system.
At the same time, companies have well-established supply chain systems, manufacturing systems, marketing networks, and after-sales services networks, with a high degree of integration. They are also active in setting up industries other than orbital transport, operating in the fields of power semiconductor devices, industrial transformation products, new energy, motor power systems, sensors, seaworks.
The region has established good partnerships with a number of well-known enterprises, both domestic and foreign, with broad development space and prospects. Figure 3: Key product profiles of companies, 3-5 strategic reforms, sustained high levels of fixed-assets investment in China's railways, continued growth in passenger and cargo traffic, demand for corporate products
At the same time, the company’s railways have a strong market position for the main products of railway equipment, a higher market share for the rolling stock system, and the expansion of the new product industry, and the support company’s revenue has continued to rise. In 2020, the company achieved an overall income of $16,034 million, a decrease of 1.66 per cent, mainly as a result of the decline in the collection of rail transport equipment. In the first half of 2020, the company delayed production and delivery.
At the same time, lower revenues from moving vehicle parts in orbital transport equipment operations resulted in a decline in revenues from orbital transport equipment operations of between 3.47% and $13.9 billion on a year-on-year basis. In new operations, corporate revenue grew steadily, reaching $1.901 billion in 2020, an increase of 7.69% on the same year.
We expect that the new equipment industry will continue to grow rapidly, contributing to new growth in operating income. 1.3 The company as a whole has a high Māori rate and strong R & D power.
Figure 5: Disbursing of revenue from medium- and electrical vehicles, if the product structure is optimized, increases the ratio of income from high-morigin products. During the same period, the Māori rate for new equipment operations was 30.64 per cent/26.55.55.24.55.22.15 per cent, and the decline in Māori was mainly in 1.) Corporate power semiconductor device products competed in the external market.
Impact: sales prices for some high-power semiconductor devices have been reduced; 2) company investment in power semiconductors has increased, depreciation is shown in figure 6: Māori rates and net interest rates for medium-power and electrical vehicles in figure 7: Māori rates for medium-power and electrical sub-operations
Excluding the effects of the 2020 epidemic, the company ' s net return profits rose steadily from 2017 to 2019. In 2017 to 2019, the company ' s net return to the mother was 6.91 per cent lower than the previous year, but net profits were more or less associated with high-intensity R & D inputs and technological advances. Companies continued to invest in R & D in order to maintain a forward-looking, forward-looking research and development of the company ' s technology.
From 2016 to 2020, company R & D costs, R & D rates continued to rise, R & D costs One engineering clerk, more than 50 professor-level senior engineers, more than 50 Ph.D. students, and more than 880 M.A. research teams were formed, comprising academicians, leading experts, academic leaders, cadres of scientists, etc.
High-intensity R & D investment has injected strong dynamism into the business areas of the company. Figure 8: Net profit from vehicle electricity and electricity return in medium, Figure 9: Cost of research and development in medium power and electricity
1.4 Listing of funds to finance development and increase the advantages of research and development (R & D) In September 2021, the company launched its first public stock release in the original version of the Science and Technology Institute, which raised $7,555 million, mainly for projects such as the development of orbital transport towed system network technology and systems, new energy vehicle power system research and development applications, and new sensor research and development applications.
Corporate fund-raising is mainly for R & D applications, and the forward-looking layout enhances product advantages. In addition to replenishment of liquidity, corporate fund-raising focuses on 70% of the proposed investment in R & D applications in science, technology and innovation (excluding supplementary liquidity) and is expected to be used mainly for R & D inputs, R & D equipment inputs, research materials, etc.
The market competitiveness of existing orbital traction current systems, the informationization of the layout of orbital transport, and the acceleration of new equipment operations to make them new performance growth points for companies, with intensive research and development helping to improve the technological and product competitiveness of firms and eventually turn them into market excellence, the deployment of new energy vehicles and the further enhancement of the competitiveness of power-driven solutions. The power-driven system is the new energy vehicle nuclear power plant.
With the capacity of electrical-related technological accumulations in the field of orbital transport towed currents, and of the igbt-based distribution suite, the Time Electric has established a well-developed industrial chain of new energy power-driven systems, which are the few suppliers of the country’s igbtidm+ power-driven systems programme. This increase is expected to invest approximately $500 million in new energy car-driven system development and application projects, with a ratio of revenue from new energy automobile operations.
We believe that this fund-raising project will step up the competitiveness of the company’s new energy car-driven system, and help capture the important opportunity of car electricization. The company’s high-pressure igbt break-through/grid overseas monopoly in the field of tradables/grids.
In addition to the orbital transport equipment industry, the company has been active in the field of semiconductor devices, industrial fluids, new energy motor power systems. Power semiconductors are the main thrust of the company’s emerging equipment industry, with the main focus being on igbt. The company currently has an 8 inch igbt facility.
A full range of autonomous technologies for chips, modules, components and applications for power transmission and distribution, orbital transport and industry. The igbt device business is an important part of the industrial structure of the company's “devices plus systems plus whole machines”. 2.1 High-pressure gbt market is largely stable in size.
igbt is the dominant instrument in the field of orbital transport and smart power grids. In the field of orbital transport, the igbt device is the dominant instrument in the direction of the towed transformer and the various auxiliary transformers. The towed transformer is a key component of the communication transmission technology that is one of the core technologies of modern orbital traffic and is responsible for transforming superhigh currents into the power of trains; in the field of smart grids, the igbt is widely used for power generation, transmission, transformation and use of electricity.
At the end, there is a high demand for gbt in wind/PV power generation at the end of the generation, inverters and inverters at the end of the transmission, in the use of high-voltage direct transmissions, in the use of the power supply, in the use of electrical transformers at the end, in the use of white power at the end of the power supply, in the use of microwaves, etc. In China, in 2021-2025, the cumulative demand for high iron/urban rail transport was expected to be 148/1854 million yuan, respectively.
According to data from the National Railways Bureau, in 2020, China's high iron operations amounted to 37.9 million kilometres, with a fleet holdings of 30620 units, calculated at 0.81 vehicles/km in density, multiplied by the average six-year density of 0.87 vehicles/km in 2015-2020, multiplied by the planned arrival of the “145” and the price of 10,000 yuan per gbt module, and the cumulative demand for high iron use in China is expected to be 14.8 billion yuan in 2021-2025.
Assuming that China ' s urban orbital transport operations in 2025 are equal to the number of kilometres of operations in 2020 and the sum of 15056 kilometres of planned construction routes, and that the urban orbital vehicle density in 2025 remains constant at 2020 levels, using data from the China Institute of Railway Science to assume an average of 25 gbt modules per urban track, the same calculation would be possible for 5 years for the cumulative demand for urban orbital transport in China.
Figure 10: China ' s high iron gbt market space measurement (million yuan) Figure 11: China ' s urban orbital transport gbt market space measurement (billion yuan) 2.2 Breaking overseas monopoly in the high-pressure gbt area is the only player in the country
In the orbital transport industry, the company's high-voltage igbt module is used extensively in orbital transport such as electric motor vehicles, high-speed motor vehicles, subways, etc. Core equipment: transmission and distribution industries, the company produces 3300v series of igbt batches for flexible direct transmission, mega-volume power systems: new-energy automobiles, and the company's latest generation of products has been tested for sample testing at multiple locomotives in the country.
Large power semiconductor devices, 40 years of expertise, pioneers and leaders in the country's igbt industry. The company was a major power semiconductor, one of the country's first to develop large power semiconductor devices, the research and development base for our railway rolling stock, which developed the world's first 6 inches of semiconductor devices.
8500v commercial transistors, large quantities of which are used for orbital traffic, grids, and high-end industrial equipment. In 2008, the Times Electric (then known as the Southern Car Age Electric) acquired the global ibgt manufacturer Dennis, thereby acquiring high-power igbt technology and its 4-inch production line. In 2009, the company completed its first high-pressure igbt module sealing line in the country, and in 2013 it upgraded the production line to 8 inches.
In 2017, the company ranked fifth in the area of high-pressure igbt above 4500v, the only company in the country to enter the global igbt top5 company. In 2017, the igbt of the Quanzhou Midbust era entered the auto field, and in September 2020 it was the first 8-inch car code in China.
At the technological level, the company ' s fourth-generation dmos+ technology, which has low conductivity, low voltage, soft shut-down properties, and large abundance, is applied in the high voltage areas of 1700v-6500v, such as orbital traffic, electricity grids. The fifth-generation tmos technology covers the full voltage level of 750v-6500v, completing a series of gbt&frd chips.
Fulfilling the needs for applications such as new energy vehicles, wind power, industrial transformations, etc. Figure 12: History of electrical power plant development in the era, Figure 13: History of electrical igbt technology development in the era
The company's high-pressure igbt product is at the same level of technology as the British flyer, and the product class is still not as rich. We choose the same igbt module product as the British flyer that values voltage and currents in sales, comparing key performance indicators such as saturation drops, switch losses, etc. In general, the Times electrical and English flyer are at the same technology level, leading the saturation down in the 3300v product.
Energy losses are even lower at the time of the introduction. But the English flyer line is richer than the Chinese car, with 8 items of the Chinese-age electrical 1700v and above and 52 pieces of the English flyer. Table 4: Time electrical versus British flyer segment high pressure igbt module parameters
At present, the company is the only one in the country that owns high-iron-powered igbt chips and modular technologies, breaking the foreign monopoly on rail transfers, grid collars, and high-voltage igbt. The company's igbt product is located in the high-end electrical electronics industry, and has now achieved full-voltage coverage of 650v-6500v, the only company in the country that owns high-iron-powered igbt chips and modular technology, and the overall technology is in the country.
International leadership. Time Electric has made a breakthrough in the area of over 4500v and its full range of high-reliability igbt products has broken the situation of foreign firms monopolizing the orbital cores of transport and critical high-voltage transmission equipment, helping our high-iron igbt basically replace national production.
Domestic customer relations are stable, and China’s “autonomous core” is exported overseas for the first time. The company’s railing of the igbt is mainly for internal use and is a key instrument of the company’s towed flow system. The company’s main client of the towed flow system is the Chinese-car company’s internal mainframe.
The production of a series of 3300vs of gbt is applied to flexible direct transmissions, mega-volume power systems such as Utungde Project, Xiaomeng Soft, Yoo Nao, Suran statcom, Jiangsuupfc, etc., and is expected to receive more orders in the future as the company’s grid igbt technology matures. The company’s domestic customers are concentrated, but the customers are mainly internal customers and the national grid.
Client relationships are stable, reducing uncertainty in corporate igbt’s business. Corporate igbt technology is also recognized by the international market. In 2016, the company’s own igbt transformer went overseas for the first time and obtained an order for 100 Indian locomotives.
Car regulation igbt, where the company is expected to emerge with pre-emptive advantage. Automobile electricization brings about a huge increase in the amount of igbt and opens up room for long-term growth in the company ' s performance, for two reasons: first, car regulation igbt industry space: accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles, simultaneous upscaling of the number of critical accelerator loads, and dual demand promotion of vehicles.
(a) The scale of the industry at the igbt level has expanded; and, secondly, the high igbt barrier at the car level, with companies enjoying a clear pre-emptive advantage as pioneers;
3.1igbt is a core component of the power conversion of new energy vehicles and igbt is widely used in high voltage, big currents, high power settings. igbt is a combination of bjt and mosfet semiconductor devices that bring together mosfet switches fast, input resistance high, low control power, simple power drive circuits, switch losses.
Low consumption and bjt conductive voltage, high general currents, and low loss. Figure 14: Distribution of major power semiconductor power and frequency Automobile electrodynamicization increases demand for power semiconductors, and igbt is the core component of electrical energy conversion in new energy vehicles.
In automobiles, power semiconductors are used mainly for vehicle start-up, power generation and safety, and low-voltage low-power electronic components are used to meet their job needs. In the case of new power cars, which use power systems as power sources, the full-scale power increase significantly, high voltage requirements for battery output require frequent voltage conversions, reversals of currents, and higher requirements for power conversion for electronic power management.
There are four different applications in the vehicle. The first is the main reverse transformer core, the main reverse transformer converts the direct current reverse of battery output into a communication power-driven motor; the second is in the auxiliary reverse circuit, which is used to power motor electronics such as vehicle-mounted air conditioners; and the third is in the dc/dc direct behead circuit, which converts the battery into a high-voltage direct current.
The power-to-power, air-conditioning and other assistive equipment requirement for direct power flow; the fourth application in obc (charge/reverse) is to convert external exchange reverses into a direct current charge to a new energy vehicle battery. Figure 15: Distribution of new major power devices for new energy vehicles
3.2 Automobile electricization brings about a huge increase in the igbt industry, with large scope for the igbt industry, from the global and Chinese igbt market for new energy vehicles and the Chinese igbt market for power-filling stumps to the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035), which sets out a vision for the development of new energy vehicles in the country by 2025.
At the international level, Europe’s multinational CO2 emission limitation policy, the new energy car subsidy policy, is coupled to respond to the pressures of global warming, and car electricization routes are becoming more visible. In the EU, the capa agreement on car greenhouse gas emissions stipulates that car carbon dioxide emissions will be less than 59 grams per kilometer by 2030.
With the growth of 10,000 vehicles to 94 million by 2025, the global market for new energy vehicles is expected to grow from 2.21 million vehicles in 2019 to a significant increase in the value of semiconductor bicycles with electric power. As a result of the significant increase in the use of new energy vehicles, ibbt, compared to conventional fuels, the market for new, fast-growing energy vehicles provides a vast space for the development of high-scale ibt.
According to yole data, the size of the global market for new energy vehicles, igbt, was $600 million in 2019. The sales of global plug-in hybrid vehicles and pure battery electric vehicles in 2019 were about 2.2 million, which gives an average value of $273 per igbt, or 83 per cent of the power semiconductor vehicle value.
Figure 16: Breakdown of the value of the semiconductor of traditional internal combustion vehicles (United States dollars) The global market for the new energy vehicle igbt reached $5,986 million in 2025, or 45.95 per cent. According to the previous version, the average value of the igbt bicycle was $273, taking into account current global production pressures for the semiconductor crystal circle, and the projected capacity of the new energy vehicle this year.
Semiconductor prices will remain high, and in the future the value of the bicycles will increase as the trend towards electric motorization and the penetration of the binoculars rises, multiplied by the forecast of global sales of new energy vehicles for future years given by theventank.
China ' s new energy vehicle market is expected to reach 14.674 billion yuan in 2025 and 42.46 per cent in 2020-2025. According to China ' s December 2020 projections, we sold 30 million cars in 2025, and, in conjunction with the 20 per cent penetration target issued by the House of State for 2025, we will have 6 million new energy cars.
The size of the market for new energy vehicles in China is expected to increase from approximately 2.500 billion yuan in 2020 to 14.774 billion yuan in 2025, in response to table 8: Measurement of the size of the market for new energy vehicles in China: Figure 20: Size of the market for new energy vehicles semiconductor & igbt (millions of yuan)
(3) New energy vehicle penetration has accelerated to facilitate a synchronized increase in the number of power pegs in critical support facilities, and the demand for key spare parts is expected to reach 16.770 billion yuan in 2025 and 46.58 per cent in 2020-2025. At present, the end-of-life cycle of new energy vehicles is between 8 and 10 years, as measured by the sale of new energy vehicles in each of the years above.
As the new infrastructure moves forward, it is conservatively assumed that the ratio will rise to 2:1 by 2025, and that it can be deduced that there will be about 11.25 million power-filled pillars in 2025. As the new infrastructure policy focuses on public chargers, the share of direct charge-in-posts in public-charged pillars is expected to rise from 38% in 2020 to 50% in 2025.
The average price of a single charger dropped from $0.9 million in 2017 to $0.54 million in 2019. The average price of a single charger dropped from $0.95 million in 2017 to $0.54 million in 2019. Based on the prevailing market for our research, it is 0.78 million yuan a year. Based on the ratio of the cost of the charger in the gbt to about 20% in 2025, it is expected that the domestic charger will use the gbt in 2025.
Figure 21: Number of new-energy car chargers in China. Taken together, the high space and growth of the igbt industry provides a huge development potential for the new electrical equipment business of the time. The size of the country ' s new-energy vehicle market amounted to $14.674 billion, with five-year capr at 42.46 per cent; and China ' s new-energy vehicle fleet in 2025.
The electric stump gbt market space would amount to 10.94 billion yuan, or 34.6 per cent in five years' cagr; the car-class gbt industry would be large and growing, and would provide a vast space for the electrical development of the times. 3.3 Domestic producers would face a major window of opportunity of “national substitution”
New car sales in China amounted to 2,527,000 vehicles a year, accounting for about 32.4% of the world’s new cars. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, China had more than 280 million vehicles in 2020, but according to the World Bank, per capita vehicle holdings were 0.173 vehicles in 2019; 0.837 vehicles in the United States, 4.8 times as high as in China; and 0.591 vehicles in Japan, 3.4 times as much as in China.
Knowing that there is still a large gap between per capita vehicle holdings and developed countries, China’s future levels of automobile sales are expected to continue to rise. With regard to fuel cars, the country started late, with weak competitiveness, with 2,178 million vehicles sold in 2020 and only about 38% of China’s product plates sold. In the new-energy automobile industry, we have built up a remarkable technological and market advantage, until 2020.
In the third quarter, China sold 620,000 new energy vehicles, of which 55%, 15%, and 30% were brand-owned/car-making/foreign joint ventures, respectively. The share of domestic manufacturers was 70%, with a sharp increase in conventional fuel trucks. In the future, as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles increased, the share of domestic manufacturers in the market is expected to rise, with China’s new energy automobile industry rushing over the road.
Figure 22: Global vehicle sales (millions) for calendar years: Figure 23: Global vehicle sales in 2020: Figure 24: Share of vehicle sales in 2020
Figure 25: The share of new energy cars sold in the first three quarters of 2020 The domestic garage has actively promoted the localization of the supply chain, and the national production of the igbt major opportunity window has arrived. Against the backdrop of increased trade friction, domestic new energy drivers are expected to make more use of the igbt, which drives the share of the domestic production of the igbt, due to supply chain security concerns.
In 2017, one of the world's 10 largest producers of gbt, the German Simi Control, was forced to interrupt production at one time. In 2018, the east wind decided to work with the Chinese to start autonomous development of the igbt chip module to replace imports.
The chairman of the upper-mortality group believes that China's car code chip nationalization already has a base of scale, and presented at both meetings a proposal to increase the domestic production rate of car code chips and increase the autonomous control capacity of the domestic automobile supply chain.
In the context of the process of nationalization of the igbt chips, driven by supply chain self-control considerations, domestic manufacturers are expected to use the three barriers of 3.4 car igbt to create a pre-emptive advantage.
(1) Design, manufacturing and encapsulation processes are difficult and require long-term experience. Design: there is a need to ensure a balance between switches, short circuits and conductors, with highly complex parameters for optimization. The car code igbt chips usually operate in large current, high voltage, high frequency environments, and the chip design is required to guarantee switches and short circuits.
Power and conductive pressure drops (control heat) are in a balanced state, and the chip design and parameter adjustment optimization are particularly complex. The main difficulties of the chip frame are: 1) high reliability of the terminal design to achieve a small size that meets high pressure tolerance; 2) the meta-student design to achieve high current density while ensuring its broader safe workspace, requiring extremely high heat evasive capacity; and 3) the meta-sun design.
High current density is achieved with sufficient short circuit capacity; Production manufacturing: thin fragments are easily broken, positive metal melting point limits make it difficult to control the temperature of the fire. When igbt is introduced, it can be seen as a conductor, and the current runs vertically through the gbt from the top down until it reaches the driver. 1) The chip is thinner, but the heat is smaller.
The thinning process: the thinner the chip, the shorter the path of the current, the smaller the energy that is lost on the chip, the longer the vehicle battery continues to sail. Follow-up processing on this thick crystal circle and chip is very difficult and very fragile. 2) Backside processes must be performed at low temperatures, otherwise they can easily lead to the melting of the positive metal. Backboard processes: including back ion injection, repulsing the fire.
Process steps such as back metalization, which must be performed at low temperatures (no more than 450°c) because of the limitations of the positive metal melting point and the continuous thinning of the igbt chip, otherwise it can easily lead to positive metal melting and the difficulty of decomposing the fire. Module containment: welding and key-fixing technical barriers are high.
The semiconductor separation device is enclosed inside the module in some form of integration, and a igbt module usually requires stickers, welding, plasma cleansing, x-ray testing, keying, glue & solidification, formation, testing, marking of a total of nine processes before it is placed on the market.
Reliability is low, the latest low-temperature, silver-coated, interconnectivity process has high barriers to the acquisition of parameters, material and equipment costs, and, in the context of key combinations, the current commonly used keylines are aluminium and copper wires, low resistance to copper wires, high heat conductivity, low inflation factors, and more suitable modules for high power density and efficient evaporation, but the difficulty of the copper-line bonding process is the need for copper metalization of the chip surfaces.
Table 10: Comparison of copper-line keys with aluminium-lined parameters The high-process difficulty of car-level gbt requires long-term experience to reach a good know-how level.
Vehicle applications often require large-scale production of high-reliability and stable igbt modules, the key components of which are the igbt chip and the fast recovery of the diode chip, the many steps they take to produce, the production equipment used, the organization, control, equipment calibration of the production, etc.
The process, for example, involves the location of chips, thermal inflation factors for different materials and their properties, reflux curves and other parameters, which require long-term research and development tests to find suitable solutions. The voltage range ranges from high to low pressure, reduced technical difficulties, and the company’s products already meet the needs of new energy vehicles.
Pressure partitioning, the igbt products of 600-1200v are used mainly in new energy cars, the high-pressure igbt voltage used by the moving teams is 3300v and 6500v, and the orbital traffic is used in the igbt product between 1700v and 6500v. The technological barriers to high-pressure igbt are stronger for orbital traffic than for new energy vehicles of 600-1200v, and the technology for developing low-pressure igbt is less difficult for companies to develop.
The fifth generation tmos technology, covering the full voltage level of 750v-6500v, and the development of a full series of gbt&frd chips to meet the application needs of new energy vehicles. (2) The complexity of the working environment imposes very high requirements for the safety and reliability of the vehicle igbt.
The igbt scale has a wide range of working temperatures and needs to be adapted to the high and low-temperature conditions of the “extreme” heat; vehicles are often subjected to frequent stoppages during congestion, at which time the voltage, reverse changer and igbt modules are subject to frequent changes in currents resulting from frequent stoppages; in the case of traffic conditions such as mountains, mudslides, rocks, etc., the use of igbt may be subject to greater vibrations and bumps and require high seismicity considerations;
In the case of molding, dust, water, saline natural environment, emc and harmful gas erosion, igbt needs to be able to adapt to the harsh working environment: the normal design life of cars is about 15 years or 600,000 kilometres, and most of the plants require semiconductor failure rates for vehicles to the level of ppb (one billionth of a billion) and require long useful lives and low failure rates.
The stability of the electrical igbt products of the era has been recognized in the area of high safety requirements, and the reliability of vehicles can be satisfied (3) by long certification cycles, high replacement costs, high customer stickyness, high reliability requirements for the use of the igbt, long certification cycles, high replacement costs, high customer stickyness after cooperation is achieved.
Devices or modules must meet reliability standards aec-q100(ic)/101 (separate devices), quality management standards Iso/ts1649, and performance safety standards Iso26262asilb(d) to be eligible to enter the supply chain of a level I car manufacturer for a certification cycle of at least two years. The igbt module is a key component in downstream products that regulates voltage, currents, frequencies, phase, etc. in circuits, and its performance table
Current, stability, and reliability are essential for downstream customers. For new gbt suppliers, customers tend to be cautious, not only in terms of a theoretical combination of supplier strength, but also in terms of a large volume of procurement decisions, high replacement costs and a longer procurement decision-making cycle, following product-specific tests, whole-office tests, multiple small batches, etc.
Time Electric has started to provide a lot of igbt products to car manufacturers. The company has now supplied a lot of igbt products to top car manufacturers in the country, such as the one-bump group, the Chang An car, while the newest generation of products has sent samples to many of the country’s leading car plants to test and verify that the company has completed the hardest customer process from 0-1.
In summary, car regulation igbt is characterized by strong technical and financial barriers and clear pre-emptive advantages, and the age of electricity is pre-empted. New entrants tend to face high inputs and low output in the lead-up period, as the industry is capital-intensive, and sustained product R & D, production and marketing need to be backed up by strong financial capacity to add to the difficulty of designing, manufacturing and encapsulating processes.
Large, leading firms have a clear pre-emptive advantage. And the time electricals have long-term technological accumulations in the area of process, higher technology requirements and high pressure igbt, and the stability of products is recognized by domestic and foreign customers in the area of more stringent reliability requirements, and customer imports are constantly moving forward. On the basis of this analysis, we believe that the time electricals will fully enjoy high industry barriers.
With its pre-emptive advantage, Car Code igbt is expected to become a new pillar of corporate performance. 3.5 companies are expected to outperform their domestic market share in the competition in the igbt sector, but the overall share is only 0.8%, and there is much room for growth in the future.
The competition pattern of the igbt is concentrated, with a total share of 84% of the cr4. Only domestic manufacturers, with their share of the net market in Biadewa Electronics, Star Halfconduct and Time Electrics, were Top10, or 20.4%, with a lower rate of national production. According to the ne-era data, in 2019 China was equipped with a total of 1.08 million cars for the igbt module, of which British Flying Bulls accounted for 58.2% of the total of 628,000 sets and were in market-oriented positions.
First position. Biadewa Electronics ranked second, with 194,000 units installed, with a share of 18 per cent. Mitsubishi motors, Samir control, with a shares of 5.2 per cent and 3 per cent. Stag's semiconductor ranked fifth, with a share of 1.6 per cent, and electrical power ranked ninth, with a share of 0.8 per cent.
Companies have a number of competitive advantages. The age of electrical voltage is the most widespread compared to other domestic producers. With the strong technological base and product reliability accumulated in the field of high pre-pressure igbt, the company’s igbt products will penetrate to lower-middle-pressure, application areas, and conversion from rail to new energy vehicles will be easier. Second, the middle-car era also has the operational advantage of idm’s entire chain coverage.
Product technology has already achieved the technological advantages of the sixth generation (the British flyer standard). Companies have an advantage over foreign brands in customizing service packages, response speed, supply speed, etc. Table 14: Some domestic and foreign suppliers ' voltage coverage
At present, the company’s production capacity comes mainly from the first production line, with an annual capacity of 120,000 inches, and most of that capacity is used for transhipment, electricity grids, and only a small portion for new energy vehicles. The company’s second production line of 8 inches of gbt was down in September 2020.
At present, some of the company's production capacity is continuing at a high level of production, research and development and output, and the post-partum completion of phase two will increase the capacity of the company to produce. In addition, according to the letter of offer, the Times Electric signed a major procurement framework contract with British Eagle, with the object of the igbt module. The second phase of production will also help focus on high production lines.
The company uses the Idm model to improve operating efficiency, and the current lack of core is more of an idm value. The Idm mode of operation combines chips, design, chip manufacture, chip encapsulation and testing are among the multiple industrial chains, with the Fables model only responsible for circuit design of chips.
Compared to logic and simulation chips, the high demand for semiconductor products, the idm operating model allows companies to co-opt the design, manufacturing chain, and the idm to respond more quickly to customers’ needs.
In the current absence of cores, the advantages of the entire chain layout of the Central Motors Group have reduced the company’s ability to market the igbt products. The requirements for safety and reliability of car semiconductors are much higher than for consumer semiconductors.
Into the market. The entire chain layout of the Chinese-car group, with the power-driven, power-driven and power-driven suppliers of car power-based systems solutions, and other subsidiaries such as drivers, such as Car Hauffer, can test the gbt products on a priority basis, helping to market them faster.
On the other hand, there are 7646 employees of companies, of whom 2605 are R & D staff, or 34%. Given the advantages of their R & D resources, companies are able to work in depth with downstream firms to meet the customization needs of their firms from the beginning of their model design.
Figure 28: Time electrical research and development costs and percentage (millions of yuan) Figure 29: Age electrical workforce structure 3.6 third-generation semiconductor applications are widespread and corporate products are recognized
3.6.1 The third generation semiconductor has a performance advantage and uses promising third generation semiconductor materials that are more suitable for high temperature, high frequency, radiation resistance, and high power devices. The third generation semiconductor material represented by gan, sic has a wider restricted bandwidth, higher penetration of the power field, higher heat conductivity,
Higher electron saturation rates and higher resistance to radiation are more suitable for high temperature, high frequency, radiation resistance, and high power devices. By virtue of their properties, which can significantly increase the high pressure, high frequency, high power of electronic devices, in areas such as automobiles, electronics, new energy, fast charge, silicon carbonated devices perform better than silicon materials, in the form of increased mileage, smaller body weights, and higher charge speeds.
As silicon material is near its limits, power drives based on conventional silicon power devices are more limited in high frequency and power, and third generation semiconductor sic and gan materials have an incomparable advantage of silicon material. The sic power unit, with its unique advantage, plays an important role in the components of the new energy vehicle system that involve power semiconductor applications, including power machines.
Drives, vehicle chargers, non-car chargers and power switching systems. Carbonated silicon can achieve higher temperature, higher frequency, higher voltage, more efficient power-drive control for electric vehicles, higher mileage, reduced battery consumption, and reduced volume and weight of the entire power-driven system: it can be used for faster and higher capacity vehicle charging programmes.
The penetration rate is growing strongly. There is a clear advantage in the high-pressure, high-frequency, high-power areas due to the wide-band width of the sic, ggan materials, high-shock penetration of the electric field, high heat conductivity, etc. The ratio of use of sic and gan in power semiconductors is projected to reach 3.75 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively, in 2023, with an accelerated penetration trend as workers move forward.
The maturity of art leads to lower production costs, and the penetration of third-generation semiconductors is expected to rise further. Since then, the future rapid growth of power generation, benefiting from new energy vehicles and new energy sources, has also been expected to increase rapidly in the case of sic power devices in areas such as car dc-dc converter/car battery charge charger charger/photovoltaic reverse transformer.
The carrier market space will exceed $1 billion, close to 40 per cent in the 2020-2022 capr. Figure 31: Trends in market development and application of sic power components ($ billion) 3.6.2 Third-generation semiconductor for the forward layout, with small bulk delivery achieved
The company ' s sic power device product was recognized. In about 2010, Time Electric started researching the sic chip. In 2018, the country ' s first 6-inch chip production line was technically deactivated, the country's first 6-inch chip production line, supported by the country’s “02” special project, the National Development Commission’s new materials, etc.
The project “Mosfet Development and Application Certification for Electrical and Electronic Devices” has achieved high performance sicsbd and sicmosfet, three representative varieties, some of which have already been used. The company will continue to refine the entire series of third-generation semiconductor product spectra. The company continues to develop 650v-4500v class sic.
Sbd, sicumsfet chips and high-temperature-resistant power modules, and large-scale applications in the areas of orbital transport, new energy vehicles, new energy equipment, etc., while further increasing market opening and increasing market share and brand influence.
In 2020, there was a small volatility in the company ' s track business collection of 138.9 per cent, mainly due to changes in the company ' s product marketing structure and the impact of the epidemic.
The annual growth in operations has been sustained, mainly as a result of sustained national investment in railway infrastructure construction and rail transport vehicles, as well as in urban areas, of which fixed capital investment in railways has remained stable at a rate of 23.8 per cent, 14.9 per cent and 14.9 per cent, respectively. Figure 32: Collection of rail transport equipment (billions)
Figure 33 Māori for orbital transport equipment (millions of yuan) Figure 34 Māori for orbital transport equipment Figure 35 National investment in railway and urban rail construction (billions)
4.2 Integrated industry layouts and leading technological advantages reinforce corporate leadership. In traditional business, the time electrical industry is mainly engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of vehicle-borne electrical systems and ground-based electrical devices, communication signal systems, orbital engineering mechanical vehicles, etc., dominated by orbital transport systems.
Electrical equipment: towed transformer system, information and intelligence system products, power supply system, test equipment, mainly towed transformer system: 2) orbital engineering machine: 3) communications signal system. 1) orbital traffic electrical equipment
Towed transformer systems are an important part of the electrical transmission of orbital traffic vehicles, and their performance directly affects the reliability and stability of the train's operation. Instructions such as the combined speed, load, etc. of the towed transformer system meet the requirements of the train towed and operational controls.
The company’s successful traction of research and development has broken the technological monopoly of the early international giants and has formed a complete product spectrum. According to open information statistics such as the market input of the city’s towing system, from 2012 to 2020, the company’s market share in the country’s towed towing system has been stable for nine consecutive years.
The kilometre “Recovery” Chinese standard towed current system; the high-speed, re-loading of key technology for towed control and applications have been used in bulk: the key technology for the orbital transport ion-magnetic towed current system has been successfully installed in the long-magnetized high-speed train at 350 km/hour speed levels in the first international column.
2) Orbital engineering machinery has a layout of the products of orbital engineering machinery in the railway and urban track. Orbital engineering machinery is the engineering equipment used for the construction, testing, maintenance and maintenance of the infrastructure of the orbital traffic route. In the railway area, the subsidiaries were the three main players in the Iron Group.
One of the road-keeping and stationing enterprises has 60 administrative permits for the production of a series of more than 50 products, including heavy-duty orbital vehicles, network operations, large-scale road-keeping machines, urban orbital transport engineering vehicles, and continues to open the market for passenger and urban orbital engineering machines. In the urban orbital field, the purchase of orbital engineering machines is based on such units as subway companies, local urban orbital transport enterprises, etc.
Public information on arms and company statistics for the period from 2018 to 2020 on the company's use of orbital engineering machinery in urban orbits remained high at 29.88 per cent, 35.83 per cent and 28.24 per cent, respectively. Competitions are highly qualified, with different groups of customers at home and abroad.
The company’s main clients with its domestic competitors are the National Iron Group and subsidiaries, local railway companies, railway engineering units, subway companies, local urban orbital transport companies, etc.
Unlike the company’s client base, 3) the communications signal system The company’s communications signal system has a large number of products that have been used in a number of fields, such as railways, urban tracks, etc.
Authority, movement control, information management, equipment monitoring, etc., with command train operations, safety of vehicles and more efficient transport