With the friendly network, the triads are working, the cloud services are working very well, the company's main business is improving to varying degrees, and as the business goes deeper, the new clothes are growing.
Business and Internet finance will be further developed and will create synergies with company-based traditional soft products and services. We believe that app has largely been transformed, that future development will move to the age of friend 3.0 and that cloud services will be effective.
Service providers, 12.2 million yuan in cloud operations in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 70.6 per cent in the same year and 32 per cent at the end of the year. The amount paid for business transactions was $199 billion, an increase of 418 per cent in the same year.
The company released a number of cloud service products, such as u8cloud, a new generation of cloud products, and the “brain” of the friendly industry Internet platform, which further enriched the product lines of the cloud. In addition, as of the third quarter of 2017, the company was engaged exclusively in cloud services.
With more than 1,890, or 12.6% of the total, the cloud industry has been able to develop effectively. The demand for national production has increased, and traditional software operations have resonantly. From the point of view of information security, there is a clear trend towards higher demand for national production of software and hardware, with companies as the largest and most well-connected products in the country.
Management software providers, with a market share of more than 30%, have been at the top of the list for many years, with business barriers like rock, which will release the dividends of domestic production demand at a later stage, and gradually deliver alternative space for foreign investors. Internet finance is growing fast.
Four hundred and fifty-one million yuan, representing an increase of 222.4 per cent over the same period, launched a campaign in October this year to improve corporate financial services through the creation of excellent letters, friendships, and the development of financial services.
The household overlap rate with the company's pre-existing million clients is very low and is still in the early stages of development, with full integration with software, cloud services and promising performance; the company's supply chain financial operations are complete; the system is on-line; and the company's alumni's medical companies, friends' medical companies, friends' offices, u's orders, etc. are achieved
There is no doubt about the development of confidence in the implementation of the equity incentive scheme. In May 2017, the company released the equity incentive scheme, which granted no more than 57.98 million interests, or 3.96 per cent of the total equity stock, and combined involved incentives.
The total cost of this incentive scheme is $357 million, about 1.8 times the company ' s net return profit in 2016. The incentive programme involves a wide range of employees and a significant increase in the cost of amortization to show confidence in the company ' s development prospects.
Market competition increases risks; regulatory risks in the p2p industry; projects are not moving as fast as expected.
"Friends Network - The Performance Cut-Off, Watching For Mutual Gold and Cloud Clothes."
We use friends' networks, friends' networks, friends' 3.0 years, cloud services work well.
Founded in 1988, the company is the leading provider of software, cloud services and financial services in the Asia-Pacific region. It is China's largest provider of industrial applications, such as erp, crm, business analysis, internal audit, micro-enterprise management software and finance, and automobiles, with a cumulative clientele of more than two million.
In March 2016, the company released its friend 3.0 strategy, focusing on three core business lines: “Software, cloud services, finance.” To date, the company has largely completed its strategy of Internetization and financialization of service enterprises, creating a complete corporate Internet product with cloud services, software, finance as its core business
With the services system, a new competitive advantage for companies was initially created. In the first three quarters of 2017, 32.76 Internet distributions were completed, cloud services were growing at a high rate. In 2016, companies largely completed the strategic layout of Internetization and financialization of service enterprises, and currently cloud services.
The business model is to provide customers with business services such as iuap, smart manufacturing, digital marketing and customer service, social and co-location, finance and human resources sharing services, industry clouds, etc. In 2017, the domestic Internet + has shown an explosive growth trend, with a rapidly expanding market for cloud services, which is expected to be insured over the next 2-3 years.
The company, as a leading provider of domestic corporate cloud services, has launched uiup and Quick Cloud Services for both medium-sized and large enterprises, while changing the funding base for smart manufacturing services, building on large client groups and mature industry experience, and providing businesses with a professional Internet.
Cloud services. In the first three quarters of 2017, cloud services generated revenues of $122 million, an increase of 70.6 per cent over the same period, and services businesses with approximately 3.53 million clients, an increase of 32 per cent from the end of 2016.
In July 2017, the company announced that the investment fund, originally used for the Internet Financial Data Services (IFDS) platform project, involved a subsidiary as a part-time subsidiary, difficult to change as the implementer of the Internet Financial Data Platform project.
The project to change the investment capital to an intelligent manufacturing service platform, involving $303 million for two years, with an expected investment recovery period of 6.97 (dynamic) and 22.21% for IRR. Internetization, intelligence, is the way to upgrade the manufacturing industry.
According to the latest data released by the National Statistical Office on the initial validation of gdp in the first half of 2017, the value of our manufacturing production in the first half of 2017 was 11.36 trillion, an increase of 7.0 per cent over the same period, accounting for 29.79 per cent of the amount of gdp; by the end of 2016, China had reached 721 million Internet users, the number one in the world.
The penetration rate reached 52.4%, while technologies such as cloud computing, big data, and access to the Internet were becoming more sophisticated and, in this context, the integration of manufacturing and the Internet was being promoted, making it easier to create collusive, polymeric and multiplier effects.
The State Council ' s China Manufacturing 2025, the Guidance for Deepening Manufacturing and Internet Integration Development, and the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the Ministry of Finance ' s China Smart Manufacturing Development Plan (2016-2020) have been launched to promote smart manufacturing as a key trend and a universal demand for manufacturing development in China.
Business informatization is based on an intermediate extension from the top to the bottom, an upward integration with Internetization, a downward extension to smart factories, top-down, connectivity. Corporate smart manufacturing platform positioning services create Internetization, intelligence, and broad development prospects.
The platform for corporate smart manufacturing services consists of five levels: basic platform, smart factory, smart management, industrial interconnection, smart decision-making, and embodies the idea of industrial chain integration, value chain integration, and vertical integration. The whole platform supports manufacturing firms to move from traditional to intelligent manufacturing, and connects business management departments.
The integration and production site is an extension of the operational system to the production site, while collecting, archiving and managing industrial data such as production data, quality data, equipment operation data, etc. of the manufacturing enterprise's production process.
The company’s advantages in building the project are: 1) in-depth understanding of manufacturing enterprises. By the size of the customer, manufacturing clients account for more than half of the clients of the company’s services, the public sector has accumulated thousands of success stories in the process manufacturing industry, the discrete manufacturing industry, and the equipment manufacturing industry.
Industry covers dozens of sub-sectors such as chemicals, building materials, energy, metallurgy, machinery, electronics, gas and household, with a more in-depth and thorough understanding of manufacturing enterprises. 2) Technology R & D benefits are prominent. This item represents 70% of the total number of project personnel, and the Committee of Experts is composed of mobile Internet, big data, cloud planners.
The computing, object-networking, networking and computer-networking industries have more or less in-depth research specialists and, in conjunction with the company, the new generation of firms' computing technological advantages will build strong technological barriers. 3) Product advantages. Project products are developed under the company’s ownership and are constructed with independent software suppliers, system integrators, individual developers.
Eco-circle, which brings together a large number of cloud applications and cloud service products offered by Isv and provides applications to enterprises.
The project’s profit model is clearly defined and is divided primarily into external and internal factors. External factors, mainly in terms of government policies and the safeguarding of the external market environment.
Further upgrading of the level of cloud computing services for manufacturing, while, according to data from the Institute of Chinese Studies, the cloud computing market for 2017 is expected to reach 75.16 billion yuan, a 25.85 per cent increase in the same year, and a favourable external market environment.
Internal factors refer mainly to the realization of corporate projects. The corporate smart manufacturing services platform uses an open platform and architecture, brings together a large number of developers, and its core marketing theme is the formation of an ecosphere, and the mode of operation can be outlined, including “platform support, platform services, factory innovation, joint replication.”
Manufacturing service platforms provide cloud computing and operation service support, are proportional to the extent to which the developer uses the resources, and establish a virtuous division mechanism; in platform services, the platform ' s congregated Isv provides a large amount of cloud applications, cloud products services for use by enterprises, and services are expensive; in plant innovation, except for self-research and development.
Some core off-site plants will provide partners with inputs such as market analysis, demand research, technical training, help them to achieve rapid innovation and promote, support and operate their innovations, and later benefit-sharing; and, in terms of outreach, teams will combine existing resources and channels, join third parties and market sales partners for each.
The rapid roll-out of cloud services to scale-up applications and business at both the platform and partner levels The iuap platform for large and medium-sized enterprises to help businesses make a smooth transition to the public cloud era The iuap provides Internet-based multi-platform products for enterprise Internetization that are open and open
It focuses on Paas, supports saas, matches multiple laas infrastructures, including the Ali cloud, mysql, potgresql, etc. The platform is aimed at high-end clients of large and medium-sized enterprises, covering the range of requirements for development, operation, customization, operation, and basic data required for business innovation.
To build high-synchronous, high-performance, high-availability, safe c2b Internet applications for businesses, make up the Internet Open Platform for Companions with Friends Networks
In 2016, the iuap operation made a breakthrough by promoting the platform+Application model, refining the master data operations programme and the platform integration programme, both of which have been effective at the management and application levels of operating data and Internet links, creating competitive advantages in the field.
Support for a smooth transition from a company to a public cloud era to help it to Internetize. In 2017, the company released a version of the iuap3.1 from the station, containing a range of products such as the Paas application platform, the company application package, the cloud, the cloud, the cloud Idm, while friends go online to operate the existing cloud market.
More than 10 million users have formed solutions covering more than 300 industries, and 60% of China’s 500-strong companies have been able to nationalize their products from abroad. A cloud service platform for micro-enterprises has been opened up, and the cumulative number of users continues to be high.
Through its many years of development, the SkyLog platform, which is a cloud service platform for micro-enterprises provided by friends network affiliates, has formed the largest software package sales and service partner system in the country, with major cloud services operations ranging from smooth and easy accounting to smooth accounting and working circles.
In 2016, platform v4.0 was launched, open html5 application development framework, applying artificial intelligence technology to products, meeting the need for enterprise data set integration and application integration and significantly improving resource efficiency.
A large number of business clients and asv were induced to meet the information management needs of MSMEs, and several management modules were optimized to upgrade MSMEs' integrated management. Companies accelerated their efforts to move forward with the cloud+ end strategic transformation business planning and to strengthen MSMEs' leadership in the area of management software
The advantage is to focus on the development of cloud services, whose R & D costs account for 62 per cent of total R & D expenditure. By the end of the third quarter of 2017, the number of corporate cloud services business users had accumulated over 3.53 million, a 32 per cent increase over the same period.
(a) The business-level service layout;
Source, to further accelerate the development of synergies between software and cloud services. The rapid development of operations is reflected in the following: Software operations: for micro-enterprise markets, companies combine software with clouds by optimizing the channel system.
To meet the needs of enterprise Internet-based management and to expand marketing channels, leading to a rapid increase in software operations. In 2016, companies added more than 160,000 new business users, a 13% increase over the same period, with cumulative users providing easy access to easy-to-account accounts, depending on the group ' s access resource advantages, to operate on-line and off-line resources.
Through strategic collaboration with more than 30 accounting associations across the country, close to 2,000 accounting companies have been using easy and easy access accounts for millions of micro-enterprises.
A friend network for easy access to accounting: release of mobile ends embedded in the workspace while optimizing product functionality, taking the lead in the business in achieving “ticket-fiscal” data access, one key to invoice import, invoice duty monitoring
Paying taxes on a key to some cities, supporting a variety of new modes of accounting, such as voice bookkeeping, SMS bookkeeping, etc. Workspace: Continue fast-tracking optimization, introducing complete harmonization that includes customer management, multiple calls, file cabinets, and corporate record-keeping, communication to back-end data synergies to help businesses improve communication synergies
Rates, streamlined workflows, and reduced management costs. Companies continue to develop the basis for inter-firm payment services and integration with software systems, cloud applications, and enhance product integration, regional deployment and resource integration. Regional layouts continue to expand and drive business evolution
With friendly networks, rising demand for national production, multiple resonances in traditional software business, industry leaders, parallels, with a focus on professional R & D and business expansion.
Companies are the largest and most product-lined provider of management software in the country, with a market share of over 30 per cent and a stable top for many years, with a marked difference in market share between major competitors and companies (over 15 per cent). 2017 The first three quarters of the year saw corporate software operations yielding $2.704 billion, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the previous quarter, and business Māori rates.
The increase was close to 1 percentage point, with companies providing the erp industry and industry solutions services to small, medium and large enterprises, with larger and medium-sized enterprise clients contributing more profits.
In order to further safeguard its core software business, companies' spending on R & D has been increasing, reaching $563 million in 2016 (h1 companies' R & D costs, an increase of 27.8 per cent over the same period) and actively promoting the Internetization of corporate nc solutions and professional services around large enterprises.
Change solutions and deepen client business. The constant focus, investment and output on research and development, which is a core competitiveness, are essential reasons why companies have a monopoly in the area of business management software.
Figure 14. Research and development workers in 2016 accounted for 33.18% of the total number of companies, while companies also focused on the development of business in other sectors.
Cars focused on automobile marketing and the post-market, with rapid growth, and were successfully placed on the third board in 2016.
The application level is an expression of national ownership of soft power. It covers three main areas: first, enterprise capital management applications, such as erp, crm, scm, oa, mainly integrated with gui+database systems; and second, industrial business process software, such as finance, government, transport, etc.
Informationization, mainly industry solutions with stronger vertical industry attributes based on the integration of the init programme +it equipment and software systems; and third, new technological developments based on the Internet, cloud computing and big data, with distributed software and large data processing software in the direction of open source software
Data from the Friends Network show that the country ' s market for business management software reached over 60 billion in 2016, an increase of 3.45 per cent over the same period, and is expected to reach 76.5 billion yuan in 2019. The country has recently begun to graduate its national production infrastructure.
In terms of information security, there is a clear trend towards higher domestic production demand for hardware and software, and firm software production is progressing steadily. As a typical knowledge- and talent-intensive industry, barriers to entry are higher, with companies accounting for about 14 per cent of domestic erp markets, the first of which are home-grown enterprises.
The continuous updating of the series of products, the fact that technology-level companies are not too different from foreign firms such as SAP, oracle, the relative competitive advantage of adding home-grown services and high value for money to the larger context of software nationalization, the availability of alternative space for foreign firms such as SAP, oracle, and the introduction of new management software by large corporate companies.
The possibility of using corporate products as an absolute leader in the field of domestic applications would be well served by rising demand for national production and further raising market shares.
Internet financial services are growing rapidly, in harmony with traditional customer advantage. Users are growing rapidly, with revenue growing by 222.4 per cent on the same date.
The company ' s financial services business consists mainly of firm-oriented payment services, Internet finance and supply chain finance for micro-businesses and individuals, with corporate payment services receiving $451 million, or 222.4 per cent, of the total increase in Internet access to finance information.
A cumulative sum of $21.7 billion for service operations, the number of users, the cumulative amount of transactions with traditional clients in the first half of 2017, and the period of convergence with traditional clients.
There is a very low rate of overlap with the millions of clients that the company originally covered. We look forward to the future interface between the Institute and the company’s other business, which not only increases the flow of its business development, but also brings better user experience to business clients.
With a friend network, basically completes the transformation, seeing that the integration effect of the various operations creates a positive impetus for the integration of cloud services, software and financial services.
At the corporate level, companies have strengthened the integration of corporate business development within the group, actively organizing business interfaces and synergies within the group; at the operational level, second, friends have accumulated million-grade customer resources and powerful marketing service networks in the 1.0 and 2.0 eras, at the level of traditional business versus large, small and medium-sized clients.
On the basis of this division, the company’s cloud business has launched a private cloud and public cloud platform for different tiers of customers, with clear thinking and a deep understanding of the financial and erp industry’s application, which has facilitated cloud outreach, and so far the company’s customer overlap with its original clientele in Internet finance business has been very low, in 2017.
Nearly 3.53 million clients of the company ' s cloud services were calculated on the basis of the firm ' s good reputations and strong marketing networks, the assumption of 70 per cent overlap rate for new customers, 3 contributions per firm, and the number of incremental users available over the three quarters, with more than 7.41 million people, a viscous accumulation of late new customers, a turnover of Internet financial operations or
It will become a new engine of growth for companies. While consolidating the vanguard of traditional master software, companies are opening up clouds of services and Internet finance, driving together to create a convergence effect, creating a three-wheel drive model, further sharpening leadership and opening up new opportunities for growth.
On November 7th, 2017, a friend network was used to implement the equity incentive program, and confidence in development was evident.
Incentives are wide-ranging. In May 2017, the company released a stock options and restricted stock incentives scheme, which is divided into stock options and restricted stock incentives, and which together involves 1,444 persons, including a large number of employees, including core managers and cadres, who are the staff at the time.
Of these, the equity options scheme is intended to award 38,653,600, or 25% of the average repurchase price, of the total equity. Both grants do not exceed 5,798,000, or 3.96% of the total equity.
The larger share in 2017 and 2018 has had some impact on current performance, but in the long run, the close alignment of corporate development prospects with the personal interests of employees has helped to speed up the shift, involving a wide range of workers and a significant amortization of costs to show confidence in the development prospects within the company.
With Friends Network, business will continue to grow at a high rate in the next 2-3 years, with a three-digit growth expected in 2018.
Keeping growth steady. And as business grows deeper, the emerging cloud services and the Internet, financial operations will develop further, integrating with company-based traditional software and services, and using friend networks.
All figures in this report have been rounded to the list of listed companies mentioned in the study (600588.ch/RMB23.07).
Use Friends Network