During the reporting period, the company earned $5,859 million, an increase of 12.73 per cent; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $2,552 million, an increase of 13.85 per cent. In the context of the overall decline in industry performance, a negative increase was achieved.
During the reporting period, companies achieved operating income of $5,859 million, an increase of 12.73 per cent over the same period, brokering and wealth management branches, an increase of $3.547 billion, an increase of 2.34 per cent over the same period; and investment banking
Business divisions achieved business income of RMB 1,005 million, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the previous year, investment management branches achieved business continuity, corporate business as a whole was smoother, business income and net profits grew more inversely, and many business rankings were higher than last year, suggesting a more robust management of company operations and competitive advantages.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd. 5th floor of Urban Gate 1, stock pledge business, investment income growth contributed significantly
Revenues from brokering operations are affected by the decline in market turnover, and while the revenue from brokering has declined by 13.95 per cent on a year-on-year basis, revenues from the significant increase in the size of stock pledge operations have effectively hedged the decline in commission revenue and mixed interest income.
During the same period of year, investment returns (including fair value change gains) increased significantly by 80.9 per cent over the same period, contributing positively to the growth in the company ' s performance in the first half of the year.2 The growth in investment income is expected to continue to rise in the future.
During the reporting period, net income from investment banking charges increased by 3.51 per cent over the same period, although the increase was small, the total investment bank income was ranked second only after brokering and wealth management, and has become one of the company’s most important businesses. In particular, the project reserve is adequate, according to the CVM.
According to the data, the company ' s ipo, in late June, reviewed 38 projects (including those to be issued) and ranked third in the industry, which provided a solid basis for the company ' s continuous upgrading of its investment banking operations.3 There is still room for a shift in the structure of its main business in favour of brokering and wealth management.
In terms of the share of business income, fees and commissions were $3.642 billion, or 62.16 per cent of total revenue, indicating that brokering and wealth management operations, which were closely linked to the market, remained the company ' s main business, although the share of income remained despite the growth in investment, management, trusteeship and overseas operations.
On a small scale, the further expansion of these operations would not only help to improve the overall performance of the company, but would also contribute to the balanced development of the company’s business and further enhance the company’s position in the industry.
The table shows that their behaviour in the market has a very important impact on the direction of market investment, so that in the second quarter of the year, the certificate will have a positive impact on the acquisition of securities, or on the firm ' s share price, which may be exposed to two main risks in the second half of this year: one is the sustainability of the market.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, either directly or indirectly, any form of advice or opinion as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.