Enterprise client business kept ahead of schedule, overseas business made a breakthrough. Exchanged securities (600999), semi-annual evaluation 2017. Events: Recruited securities (600999), semi-annual 2017, company business in the first half of 2017.
Peng-hwa, with revenue of $5.859 billion, an increase of 12.73 per cent over the previous year, net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $2,552 million, business development brief: the company as a whole performed better than the industry as a whole. The company ' s brokerage market
With a small increase in shares and a stable commission rate at the forefront, the revenue from the brokering business clearly outperformed the industry as a whole. Corporate credit operations recorded a small increase in the income from the investment business as a result of higher capital enrichment.
Capital supplementation, with a significant increase in net interest income. In October 2016, the company completed the Hong Kong stock issue, raising $8.9 billion in funds, significantly increasing its capital strength, thereby reducing its indebtedness.
In the first half of the year, the company experienced a significant performance contribution, owing to a 25.7% decline in interest spending on the same year’s reduction in the size of its debt financing, and a more than double increase in its net interest income. The securitization of assets showed good performance, and the bond underwriting went smoothly.
The Division’s securitization project covered $71,168 million, an increase of 82.1 per cent in the same year, and industry ranked second. Against the backdrop of the decline in the size of the industry’s overall bond undertaking, corporate bond underwriting reached $16,344 million, an increase of 3.53 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of 2017, companies continued to raise the level of public fund-raising investments and sales services, and to consolidate the public fund-raising niche. In the case of major brokers, the aggregate volume of assets traded by the public and securities dealers reached $13.1 billion, an increase of 6 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
At the end of the financial period, the number of corporate hosting and outsourcing products had totalled 14229, reaching $182.9 billion, an increase of 19.8 per cent and 8.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year, and the volume of products and market share continued to remain industry-first.
A major breakthrough has been made in overseas operations. Accreditation International has completed its ipo portfolio in Hong Kong at $591 million, a four-fold increase from the previous year, ranking first; and has completed its bond cover at $1.65 billion, an increase from the previous year, with a number of business indicators at an all-time high.
Corporate performance has long been at the forefront of the industry. Many of the company’s business developments in the first half of the year have been positive, and competitive advantages have been strengthened.
Investors have benefited fully from the fast-growing environment in which the fast-growing offshore operations are based on a two-way open “market index” benchmark of 300 indexes. I have either a qualification or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.