Net gains and negative growth, and market leadership are further consolidated
Merchant securities released in mid-2017: companies achieved operating income of $5,859 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 12.73 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $2,552 million, an increase of 13.85 per cent over the same period; ps 0.35 dollars/shares; equity holdings in equity companies were managed by one equity provider, self-employed to boost net profit growth and the competitiveness of core indicators
\triangleright level. This is attributable to: 1; the growth in the size of the capital; the fact that the size of the public and private sector is at the forefront of the industry; the ranking of investment management income, the balance of the balance; and the ranking of the size of the trust funds, many core business indicators that are higher than in 2016.
The percentage of revenue raised by active capital management, with a relatively stable share of investment income \triangleright managed and a declining share of investment income.
(a) The share of income fell slightly to 60.54 per cent, with income contributions remaining the highest; ipo size increased by more than 80 per cent, bond carrying sizes led the industry (para. 2), compensating for the decline in the size of refinancing, while the share of investment income remained stable at 17.15 per cent and remained second;
During the first half of the year, the company's Internet platform increased its client capacity, increasing the number of new clients by 13.45 per cent over the same period; it transformed wealth management and enhanced its financial product allocation capacity.
Billion: The number and size of hosting outsourced products grew by 19.8%, 8.3%, and kept the industry at the top, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year.h Shares raised capital strength, internationalization strategies accelerated, companies landed in 2016, first raised HK$10.3 billion, and net capital strength increased significantly during the reporting period.
The firm’s strong capital power, ranked 5th in terms of net asset size, provides the basis for companies to undertake cross-border acquisitions, direct investment, etc. At the same time, the company will increase the amount of HK$2.3 billion internationally and the amount of HK$2 billion internationally from the company to its securities (Hong Kong) continues to advance its internationalization strategy.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals as a core financial platform under the auspices of the Agency, corporate governance and self-employment drive negative performance growth, core business competitiveness increases; h shareipo further enhances capital strength and internationalization strategies accelerates. We look forward to the company's future.
A high recommended rating is maintained by 1.8 times, with a yearly rating of the offer of securities (600999), with significant volatility in the capital market, a rating of investment, pb 1, a reduction in the management of transformational wealth, and a reduction in the growth of overseas operations.
LEE Fung, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, formerly employed by the National Economic and Social Council, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation