Permanent Electronics (600570), with steady growth in performance and recommended expansion of innovative business (for the first time)
In 2020, q1, the company achieved $514 million in revenue, and with the continuation of the “online” thematic strategy, the implementation of technology hubs, operations hubs, data hubs, the three mediums strategic layouts, the overall upgrading of the company's product architecture, and multi-stakeholder cooperation
Promotion of the financial cloud and infrastructure landscape, focusing on the “6+6” comprehensive solution, company fundamentals (update), 6 of which refer to large retail operations (rich management, brokering), large-scale financial management
(Asset management, institutional services), exchanges and regulation of science and technology, banking and industrial finance,6 major areas of business; 6 refers to the three main centres of technology, data, business, and data services, infrastructure, and ecological services.
The stock price performance (the last year) and the acquisition of mergers and the formation of joint ventures to expand new business areas are closing the gap between the leading financial technology giants in the country.
Corporate rankings as a whole are on a rising trend, with 43 rankings in 2019. Qualitative cost controls are in place and the workforce is constantly improving. In 2019, 1.11 pt; net cash flows from operating activities were $1,071 million, an increase of 14.27 per cent over the same period;
The number of R & D workers in the company is 4867, or 66.15% of the total number of companies, with masters and more (including PhDs).
Research and development inputs account for 40.29% of revenue. The top talent groups lead companies to new levels of technical and operational excellence, and contribute to growing corporate performance. • The “Cloud+Data+ai” troika, driving the expansion of innovation.
The scale of services has continued to grow. The network’s management of the cloud, the network’s wealth, sosaas, the industry and customers’ acceptance of the industry’s cloud, mixed cloud, etc., has grown, and the new generation of cloud-based systems has been initially validated on the cloud; and cloud technology is abroad.
Cloud operations continue to grow in scale and income: cloud network completes internal product resource consolidation, i-private one-stop service platform is launched to further focus on the overall solutions for the private sector. 2) Data and component services are becoming more abundant and more intelligent.
A new generation of mobile investment trading terminals based on the light micro-services development framework, with new collaborations with Taejunon, Guangdong and China Sea securities; a conglomerate of intelligence states, with a focus on wealth management and asset allocation, and smart finance end-user service
This growth has been accompanied by the acquisition of the case of the head coupons, and the transformation of wealth management for the coupons; Yun Yong Network has increasingly focused on serving industrial customers, and the number of supply chain financial services clients has broken. 3) Products such as artificial intelligence and block chains have continued to land.
Artificial intelligence products based on the Hsl2.0 platform, the Vantaa (ftcu), the Trade Finance Platform block chain application, the supply chain financial block chain service platform, section 4 block chain products.
A slight decline in the performance of q1 affected by the epidemic in 2020. The same decline in revenues and net profits for 20q1 was mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, the inability to carry out work on the site of the company ' s projects and the delay in bidding for related operations.
Risks and infrastructureit operations increased by 33.40 per cent to $31 million, Internet innovations by 10.71 per cent to $121 million and non-financial operations by 2.91 per cent to $0.098 million. We believe that companies account for a larger proportion of their performance in the first quarter of the year.
Low, coupled with an active financial market in the first quarter, which has accelerated the pace of market digitization, and the introduction of registration reforms in the entrepreneurship board, which will lead to new systems transformations, these changes will provide a solid basis for the growth of companies ' performance throughout the year.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.