According to the company's official Twitter public, Hengsheng Electronic officially announced the acquisition of Guangzhou's Anzheng Software Company Limited.
After this acquisition, Anzheng Software will become a holding company for Henzheng Electronics. It was established in 2005 with its headquarters in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Shanghai, and its implementation centres in Beijing, providing network radiation to the entire country. For many years, Anzheng Software has been working to provide data warehouses, data centres, data centres, data centres for the major capital management industry.
Big data, ai technology-based product, and corporate solutions. Xiao An is focused on the application of data technology, leading the public fund-raising area of data disaggregation.
Solutions and implementation services, basic support software, industry data applications and third-party software products.
The data center allows data from various sources to be consolidated, and the enterprise data asset layer is formed according to uniform standards, which in turn provides a range of business applications.
Zhou Yi-wei, an efficient data service. These data services are more relevant to the business, are unique to the business and can be reused, they are embedded in the business and data, they can reduce duplication of construction, and they can reduce chimney collaboration.
In recent years, constant electronics have been active in promoting a “big center strategy” and in building a large center system that integrates technology, operations, and data. Large medium-sized strategies, driven by persistent electronics, provide integrated data center solutions for all types of financial institutions.
The strategic synergy between Qing Seong Seong Electronics and Quantified Software will enhance product and technical capabilities. The Qingxing Software has accumulated many years of experience in the Fund's data industry, with good products, high industry and market ownership, and competitive public fund management.
9 out of the top 10 and 26 out of the top 30 are long-term collaborators, while in the future, the advantage of 28 West Side Peace Rixie Street will be gradually extended to private fund-raising, and its first-class data modelling capabilities and data governance systems will be permanently electronic.
There's a powerful addition to the data center building at Hingsheng House, Shanghai, China and China. The weakness of the software lies in its ability to sell and expand to other industries, while the permanent electronics are industry-wide coverage and can be extended to securities, securities, securities, securities, securities, securities, etc., in the future.
In Shenzhen Fukuda, Fukuwa has been a 6th tax-free trader, trust, banking, etc. The data center in Hensen Electronics is very complementarities with Anzheng Software. Once acquired, Hein Seok Electronic will be able to integrate deep into the original business and talent advantages of the software.
China's Sichuan free trade experiment has increased its research and development capabilities and competitiveness in the area of data-centre operations, enabling more clients of financial institutions to upgrade their digital transformation in the age of intelligence and finance.
The method of producing this report independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.