Cost control was effective and performance exceeded the maximum forecast value Events: in 2019, the company achieved a revenue of 3,872 million yuan, representing an increase of 18.66 per cent in the same year; in 2000 it achieved a net return of 1,416 million yuan, representing an increase of 119.39 per cent in the same year; and in 2000 it achieved a net profit of 890 million yuan in the non-return to the mother.
After the company announced a 21.1% increase in the first quarter of q4, we believe that it was the beneficial influence of regulatory policies such as capital-market warming, innovation, new regulatory policies, and the creation of foreign bond dealers.
The positive impact of the policy on the income end is expected to continue. The profits increase is significantly higher than the earnings end, and the effects of corporate cost control are evident, with sales and management costs increasing by only 5.05% and 9% in 2019, when the company’s revenues grew by 18.66% on a year-on-year basis.
The top ranking is that companies are fast catching up, moving closer to the international leading financial technology giants, and adapting their organizational structures, which have grown steadily across business lines. To better achieve the strategic and business plans of “online” and “6+6”, companies have made appropriate adjustments to their organizational structures.
The integration of operations has created four lines of operations: Large Retailit, Big Managerit, Bank and Industryit, Data Risks and Infrastructure. Of this, Large Retailit generated 1,472 million dollars, a year-on-year increase.
Non-mortality net profit over-expected, profit-end revenue earned by the industry ' s business at $322 million, an increase of 27.53 per cent over the same period; data risk and infrastructure effects are gradually reflected at the income end, at the cost end
The scale of financial cloud services has continued to grow. Network management, network wealth, saas services have continued to grow robustly, industry and customers have been able to interact with industry, mixing 3, and E.H.C. (600570): Capital.
Market warming and policies drive robust recovery, data and component services are becoming more abundant and increasingly intelligent. In 2019, the company launched a new launch.
Growth. Innovative Business Break-throughs. Smart Ingenuity, Smart Arithmetic Trading, Smart Intelligent Alert, SuperIntelligent Service 4 based on artificial intelligence products from the Hender Data Center, and Hsl 2.0 Platform, Vantaa Chain (ftcu),
Trade finance platform block chain application, supply chain financial block chain service platform 4 block chain product East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board