The business lines are growing steadily, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre continues to grow at a cost per capita.
Performance summary: the company achieved operating income of $3.87 billion in 2019, an increase of 18.7 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.42 billion, an increase of 119 per cent in the same year; net profit of $890 million, an increase of 72.5 per cent in the same year.
At the end of the spectrum of business management, banking and industrialit operations, data risk and infrastructure, and Internet innovation, net profit increases were greater than the recovery rate when the company ' s Māori rate fell by 0.3 percentage points, and cost controls were good during the main period (total decline of 7 per cent, with sales rates, management costs, research).
The financial sector is open to the outside world, national production, innovation/new three-board overhauls, new securities law amendments, etc., which offer new development opportunities for companies.
(a) 50 per cent market access for the core trading system in the brokering of the IT business, up-to-date 5.0 system in the wealth management business and 90 per cent market access for the bta system in the banking subsidiary; and (b) 90 per cent market access for the major financial management operations, where operational subsystems are implemented through technologies such as micro-service architecture
(c) In the data risk and infrastructure (DRI) business, the data desk has completed its annual targets and successfully reached the online multi-household industry data centre and unified information platform; and (4) in the innovation industry, financial cloud revenues have continued to grow and data and component services have gradually advanced to become intelligent.
The company has invested $1.56 billion in research and development, accounting for 40.3 per cent of revenues, an 11 per cent increase over the previous year, and has risen to 43 in the idc International Financial Science and Technology ranking. The company has implemented the online strategy, and all core business has been upgraded and upgraded, with technology in the middle of the reporting period.
Jres3.0 has been published and used at 93%, and the middle of the business and the middle of the data have been organized, the first generation of products has been introduced and landed in several industries. The net return profit for the next three years will be maintained at a compound growth rate of 9%.
Policy gains, robust growth of business lines, assumption 1: capital markets are in the upward cycle of the long-term landscape, financial innovation is new, innovative, innovative.
Large retail operations, large capital management operations, banking and industrial IT business needs are highly correlated with market landscapes, financial regulatory policies, and traditional operations are expected to be equal to, or slightly higher than, the growth rate in the industry. Assumption 2: Data risk and infrastructureit operations include activities in the areas of data neutralization, risk management, exchange, etc.
Given that the data hub and risk management are in the early stages of development and are in line with industry trends, the growth rate of its operations is projected on the assumption that the Internet innovation business will gradually complete the market diffusion of the preceding period and enter a smooth development period, and that no compensation will be expected for the next three years either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.