Over-expected growth in performance, “6 by 6” business page upgrades (600570), 2019 report spot reviews, 3,872 million yuan in operating income achieved by companies in 2019, an increase of 18.66 per cent compared to the previous year; realization of public ownership
The net profit of the company’s shareholders was 1,416 million yuan, an increase of 119.39 per cent over the previous year; the income per share was 1.76 yuan, a higher than expected increase in operating income and net profit return, and continued high investment in R & D to ensure industry leadership. In this context, the company’s business objectives, operating income, net profit return and net profit deduction from non-return were over-anticipated.
The company continues to increase its research and development efforts to maintain the competitiveness of the public sector, with both the number of R & D personnel and the investment in R & D costs leading the industry. In 2019, the company invested R & D costs totalling RMB 1.56 billion, representing its operating income.
As a leader in the domestic financial science and technology industry, the gap between companies and the international finance and technology giants is closing. In 2019, companies ranked 43 in idcfintechrings 100, up 9 from last year.
The company’s traditional core products continue to have high market rates and increase. At the same time, the company continues to open up new areas by acquiring mergers, establishing joint ventures, and, in a short time, establishing a technological lead in new operations.
Heng Mai State, which provides electronic bookkeeping solutions for domestic bond distribution markets; invests in cloud computing; capital networks and cloud technology; conducts relevant programming in the areas of container cloud platforms and cloud management solutions; invests in smart customer relations; and retail banking (credit card core system)
In the west of Beijing, the company invests in Jiang Xinshin technology at 28 Peace Rixi Street. In the future, the company will pursue its internationalization strategy by “introduction” and “go out” and “buy down.”
The strategy for the theme “online” continued at the 1,000th Hengsheng House, Shanghai, China and Land Gate Road, with the planning of “six-way-six-way” business maps.6 The main vertical areas of business are: large retailing (rich management, brokering), large-scale financial management (assets).
Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuda, Fukuwa, six main areas of business, exchange and regulation of technology, banking and industrial finance. 6 China (Sichuan) free trade pilot zone.
Basic services are provided in the three main centres of technology, data, business, and data services, infrastructure and eco-services, 177 High Urban and New Zones.
China Sea International Centre, 17th floor, jres 3.0 has reached 93% and has been promoted externally.
Income growth has been sustained and business scenes have been further focused: financial cloud services have continued to grow in scale; data and component services have been enriched and gradually advanced to intelligence; and four artificial intelligence and energy products based on the middle of constant data have been published, as well as four block chain products.
The scope for financial science and technology development will continue to expand in the context of domestic capital market reforms and financial outreach, with companies taking the lead in financial science and technology.
3. Capital market reforms have not advanced as expected; 4) the commercial model of financial science and technology development has not been as anticipated. The law, using information on legal compliance, provides the report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management Scheme for Products or Services, the company and its author are not responsible for any consequences arising from the use or use of this report and other relevant research by the company.