The epidemic affects short-term performance, and the company ' s year-round performance can be evaluated in the first quarter of 2020 by chuancaise-Hongsin Electronic (600570).
During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $514 million, a decrease of 13.28 per cent over the same period; net return - $45 million, a decrease of 111.29 per cent over the same period; and a decrease in the rate of realization of non-mortality net profit. The decrease in the Māori rate was due to the implementation of the new accounting standards and the overall level of cost control.
The operating income of company 2020q1 is $514 million and the operating cost is $171 million. This represents an increase in corporate ratings over the same period last year. The new income guidelines are implemented as of 1 January. The costs of implementing and maintaining staff for projects related to contractual performance obligations are now charged to contract performance costs and are included in operating costs. q1 management costs are $87 million.
The same-year decline of 23.23%; R & D costs of $251 million, or 19.53%; increased interest income, short-term impact of the epidemic on company performance, and continued progress in the Online business strategy. Sub-operations accounted for a much lower share of revenues from the higher retail and large-scale management operations.q1 Large retail.
Zhou Yi-wei, whose business was $177 million, decreased by 24.76 per cent in the same year; Big Manager's business, which was $139 million in the same year, accounted for an average of 15.20 per cent of the year's operating income, and the net profit from the non-repatriation of the parent company, which was on average the year's average
14.79%. The epidemic has had some impact on the company’s short-term default performance. q1 cannot complete the project, and the company will actively pursue it in follow-up q2 and q3 and implement the project in a timely manner. On balance, it will have little impact throughout the year and no impact on the company’s position in the industry.
The company will further advance the policy of Online, the size of assets, profitability and business patterns of domestic head financial institutions, the depth of their products, the financial situation in Shanghai.
In the context of domestic capital market reforms and financial outreach, the space for financial science and technology development will continue to expand and the company will lead Shenzhen as a financial science and technology field.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre, 17th floor, 3) Capital market reforms are not as advanced as expected: 4) The commercial model of financial science and technology development is not as predictable.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person who obtained the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.