The performance of IT software and services was higher than expected, and industry leaders were better than expected. Companies achieved a business income of $3.872 billion in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
119.39% long, achieving net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies net of non-recurring gains and losses
Net cash inflows into corporate operations were 1.07 billion yuan, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period. The benefits of corporate investment increased considerably, reaching 480 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 85 per cent over the same period.
1560 million, or 40.3 per cent of revenue, are in the three main mediums of technology, data, and business, which serve as the base for the core technology of the company, followed by the upper level of business with a rapid total market value/flow (million yuan)
In 2019, the company planned a “six-way-six-way” business map to provide a unified technology platform to make business development simpler and more efficient. The process of internationalization has accelerated for the benefit of financial innovation policies.
The speed of operations, such as the total elimination of financial institutions such as foreign banks in China, securities companies, fund management companies, etc., has grown better, and the impact of the warmth in the market is evident.
The company’s growth in performance has been significant, with restrictions on the scope of its operations, the smooth landing of the project, the pilot roll-out of the registration system, and so on. The company’s internationalization strategy in 2019 has also begun to take shape, including the ihsmarkit Helium Electronics (600570), which operates in the first quarter.
The joint venture has been set up to provide electronic bookkeeping documentation for the domestic bond distribution market in Heng Mai-seong State, with a view to smoothing, managing, wealth and Internet lines and providing technical support for foreign investment in the Chinese bond market.
Corporate industry leaders are prominent, with a “buy-in” rating: the company as a supplier of the financial bank's permanent electronics (600570), the Core System for Deep Farming Financialit Industry, with more than 20 years of experience in financialit certification, customer accumulation and branding
It's the Great Protector's River, and it's a research and development institute.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.