In the second quarter of the year, the water supply and electricity prices have fallen. According to the national electricity announcement, the water supply has improved.
In the first half of 2024, river power and electricity generation grew by 9.38 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with 37.24 per cent on a year-on-year basis. However, in the second quarter, the electricity supply to Liu Xiaoning was strained and the average Internet connection cost for the first half of 2024 was 0.319 yuan per kilowatt-hour, down 1.85 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The average cost of electricity on the Internet for the second quarter was 0.309/kWh, a decline of 9.65 per cent from the previous year, which reduced some of the elasticity of performance. However, it should be noted that during the same period in 2023, the price of electricity and water in Yagi River increased significantly, resulting in a base figure of Zou Pei-chung.
Impact. Even with the fall in the price of electricity on the Internet this year, the average cost of electricity on Yagi River was higher than in the same period in 2022 ($13,052400004 in the first half of 2022).
The supply and demand patterns of Sichuan power continue to be tight, and it is difficult to reverse the long-term trend of falling electricity prices under the influence of the base. The supply and demand of electricity in the south-west region \triangleright has continued to tighten in recent years and is essentially a resource constraint.
A series of world-class hydropower productions, mainly in waterfalls and congested power supply groups, have been concentrated, adding up to 2015 to promote electricity market transformation and a significant drop in electricity prices. Abandonment of water attracts a large number of energy-intensive industries, but with the end of the final wave of hydropower production in 2020-2022, the future trend will be extremely limited and demand and demand will be fueled by a recovery in electricity prices.
Financial costs fell rapidly, about $100 million less in the first half of 2024. Benefiting from the company’s continued debt service, total interest-bearing liabilities have led to the largest reduction in the company’s financial costs in recent years, making it another point of growth in the net profits of the company’s parent.
Supply and demand patterns are beneficial for share-price catalysts, but we analyse the lower drivers of the current increase in the stock price of utility companies from the sub-mersible, market re-prising the absolute low-consortium attributes of hydropower assets. The core expectation for hydropower is the resilience of business models, i.e. the low-consortium attributes associated with macroeconomic weakness.
Rain is absolutely decoupled from macroeconomics; secondly, hydropower is a small low-cost supply of end-symmetric commodities, determining low-price risks; combined with a simple business model, high-quality financial statements, combined movement to improve the efficiency of water use, and hydropower assets are characterized as “a low-concording margin in all its aspects”. Under portfolio theory, low-concording assets deserve to be enjoyed.
Higher valuations are expected to continue to be revalued in the current context, with companies and even entire hydropower plates having long-term configuration values. Profit predictions and ratings: in the light of the trend in the Yagi River’s electricity prices and the water judgement, we maintain the company’s 2024-2026 net return profits, the plates have long-term configuration value, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
The point of \triangleright is an accurate reflection of my personal opinion about the securities and issuers.