On 16/08/2024, the net profit from the non-repatriation of $2.290 billion was deducted, an increase of 10.27 per cent over the same period. The company achieved operating income of 2024q2.
The increase in the volume of photovoltaics in water is volatile and contributes to the increase in performance. The result of improved water availability is 2024h1 m\triangleright/kWh, a decrease of 2.03% in the same year.
Dun Yongkang, with 114 million kilowatt hours of electricity, increased by 14.00 per cent from the same year; and as a result of the company ' s new M & A project, the Guangxi Fuyama Project, the Shinyo Energy Company Ltd. did not have subsidies, and the company ' s photovoltaic electricity prices fell behind the table, and the average photovoltaic electricity was connected to the grid.
Prices are 0.517/kWh, a decrease of 17.81% in the same year. The increase in electricity generation has led to a decline in the price of ironing flattened electricity, which boosts performance by \triangleright billion yuan, an increase of 4.88% in the same year, which contributes more to the major participating companies.
2.13 million yuan, with $147 million in investment earnings from Grand River and $99 million in investment returns on energy transfer in China. 1) The return on investment in Yakyong River is expected to continue to grow. As of 2024h1, Yakang had put in electricity and water.
In July 2024, the company held a share in Yagi River.
2. Rapid performance report for 2023: performance was largely in line with expectations, the transition to savings opened up the growth of the investment returns of the Siojiang Corporation. 2) The river was rich and the increase in shareholding was higher than the performance of the company.
By the end of 2023, the country’s Grand River Company had a cumulative capacity of 44,663 million kilowatt-hours per year, and its energy production remained high. The company’s shareholding 20% of the country’s Grand River Company owned water and electricity.
Source: As of 24h1, Grand Rivers has been installed over 11.7 million kilowatts (kW) of installed power plants. As of the assessment: increase in electricity and water prices, green high-speed growth - 2023/08/24h1, and a 72.4 per cent increase in the volume of water stored in the Great River over the years, and in the case of improved water, over the same period.
The river is expected to continue to increase in power generation.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.