Solutions have increased, and we've been working hard to start the ai event: companies published an annual report: $18.844 billion in business earnings in 2017, a year-on-year increase.
The total assets of companies increased by 38.83 per cent and net assets by 27.07 per cent during the reporting period. In terms of product classifications, solutions increased by billions of yuan, or 25.55 per cent, or 9.49 per cent of operating income.
The solution rises in proportion to the expansion of overseas markets. The solution captures the total equity/flow ratio from the previous year (million shares).
So far, solutions have covered smart cities, public transport, smart buildings, finance, energy, 12 months of maximum/minimum industrial production, human rights, communications, and more than 100 subsectors.
The increase means that the value of the company’s industrial chain has been raised and the profit margin has expanded. Offshore revenue continues to grow rapidly, at 34.64 per cent over the same period. The Māori rate for offshore operations is 40.47 per cent, higher than the Māori rate for domestic operations, 36.97 per cent.
The snowworks bring a new light, and the ai is about to start a new growth. The snowworks were written into Central I in 2018. From an analysis of the security-market winnings project in 2017, the “snowworks” will reach $752.1 billion in size.
In 2018, the security area was expected to accelerate its landing and launch a new generation of surveillance and surveillance systems. In 2017, the company undertook a full-scale technological upgrading of artificial intelligence, building technical barriers, covering such areas as intelligent transport, behavior analysis, face recognition, ocr, etc.
The age of artificial intelligence is ready. Solutions are up, solutions are up, solutions are up, solutions are up, solutions are up, and development is up.
Led's high-growth, lithium batteries are overexpected.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.