Performance against expectations, company security against the wave of intelligence in the future (002236.sz) Investment event: annual company report 2017 shows that the company was operating during the reporting period
Revenues of $18,844 million, an increase of 41.38 per cent over the same year, net profits of $2.379 billion to mothers, net cash flows generated by the operation of Genuine, $914 million, an increase of 94.21 per cent over the same year.
Financial indicators have improved and operational capacity has improved. The 17-year Māori ratio for products has increased by 38.23 per cent, a slight decline from the previous year, mainly due to loss on exchange. Net operating cash flows of $914 million, a 94.21 per cent increase from the same year; and weighted average net asset returns of 25.47 per cent, a rise from the same year.
At the heart of technological innovation, it benefits from security against the tide of intelligence. With emerging technologies and security, it is possible to use the new technology as a tool for security.
The accelerated integration of the industry, the gradual transformation of companies from providing video security products to companies offering integrated solutions and business services, the accelerated opening of market space, and the future space. The company focuses on technological innovation, in chip, artificial intelligence, video cloud platforms.
Substantial investment (17 years of R & D investment by companies at $1.789 billion, or 9.49% of revenue) has helped companies maintain strong competitiveness and better meet the demands of specialization, customization, and intelligence. On this basis, the company has also launched the city.
Solutions for municipal, industry and consumer-level operations, combined upstream and downstream in the industrial chain, 1.2018 annual report on computer investment strategies: wavework, improved corporate capacity for integrated solutions, and thus able to take the lead in taking over future cities
At the top of the tide, 18 years of watching artificial intelligence continue. We believe that the video security industry, guided by such policies as the Snowlight Project, will continue to maintain a high profile over the next few years, with the company as one of its leaders, relying on technological innovation.
New and integrated solutions will benefit from a higher rate of growth and concentration in the industry.