The smart security guard opens up the company's growth space.
In the fourth quarter of the year, $7,121 million was achieved in operating income, net parent demand was strong, companies promoted innovation and upgrading of business models, urban intelligence, increased public safety needs, increasingly complex environmental issues, and various competitions.
Trends in demand upgrading, business visualization management, etc., have created a great deal of demand for video solutions.
The programme’s business share has continued to rise, increasing the value of companies in the industrial chain. Companies, guided by household demand, actively capture and respond to industry trends, have experienced business models ranging from single product sales to the provision of holistic solutions to the provision of integrated urban intelligent business services.
The shift in style has created a wide range of growth spaces for companies. Solutions are now widely available for industries, micro-businesses, and individual consumers. Companies offer personalized needs to city-level users, industry users, and technology leaders, complex medium- and high-end systems.
Solutions and the promotion of cutting-edge technology research and development through knowledge of high-end markets. At the same time, companies provide high-quality products and solutions to civilian consumers in order to open up consumer markets and create smart security that is consistent with government priorities.
On March 5, 2018, Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council presented a report on the work of the Government, which, in his proposal for the work of the Government in 2018, clearly proposed the development of new dynamics, the strengthening of a new generation of artificial intelligence research and development applications, the development of an intelligent industry, and the expansion of intelligent life.
Following the trend of technological development in the one, a technological reserve of the one algorithms has been put in place to integrate the one technology into the already existing security products, with a view to achieving security smartness. The company uses technological innovation as its core, based on the strategy of "Cloud Ecology, Smart Future" and has published "All-intelligent, All-Aware, All-Aware, All-Awareness, All-Aware."
Ecosynthetic strategies provide cities, industries, and consumer markets with a full range of pro-war artificial intelligence products and solutions. Security intelligence is both a trend in technological development and a government priority.
The build-up of emerging technologies, such as computing, material networking, the rise in technical barriers to the defense sector, and the increase in concentration in the industry. Companies, as technological leaders and champions of scale, will grow faster than the industry, so smart security will grow in the company’s performance.
Risk of a decline in the market climate; risk of new technologies not being developed as expected