Thirty percent of the increase is in line with expectations, and the "ai+" solution is driving Māori up the road - D.A. shares were evaluated in 2017 and the net return profit was 2,378 million yuan, an increase of 30.33 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the deduction was 2,344 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
36.14% long. The company proposes to find a gold dividend of $2 (including taxes) for every 10 shares, a red dividend of 0 (including taxes), a non-cumulative performance, a smooth transition to solutions and operational services, a raise in the Maori rate of 30% of net profits over the year, consistent with the three-quarterly performance guidelines (20-40% increase in advance) and faster performance.
The growth trend is expected to continue as the effect of the transition becomes more apparent. The solutions and product blocks in the main battalion generate $9.84 billion and $7.59 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 48.8 per cent.
The transformation of products is progressing well with video-based smartware solutions and operating service providers. The overall Māori ratio is 38.23%, an increase of 0.52 percentage points from the previous year.
Moving forward with one, differential positioning and re-engineering flagship values, a more stable first-tier pattern in the product area, and homogenous competitive pressures in the system integration area. Positioning the company as a solution and a service provider can be facilitated by artificial intelligence (especially in the cloud age).
Technology drives a new wave of industrial change. Business model innovation and differential positioning help to chart the way forward and shape a clear and unique market position.
In 2017, good results were achieved in the Hdcvi chip technology and the DMC chip technology, with the successful launch of the 4k real-time Hdcvi 4.0 front-end chip product and program to get the state “nuclear”
To further expand the impact of the industry, a video-based Paas and saas platform has been launched to help build a conglomerates of large-scale communities that can use platforms to develop upstream and downstream profit transmission in the harvesting industry.
The security industry continues to enjoy a sustained climate, and the overseas market has increased its business space \triangleright \The development plan for China's security sector \135 (2016-2020) states that the security sector is an industry.
1. A summary of the evaluation of China ' s shareholdings (002236), the value of which will exceed $1 trillion by 2022.
2. The Summary Review of China’s Shares (002236), which is slightly less than the overall rate of increase, is largely influenced by operational efficiency. The next step is to replicate the domestic business model.
The launch of C-end brands into the field of innovation activity or the opening of a new blue sea.
In 2017, the consumer business brand “Roble Orange” was created to plan products such as home, shop, camera, and smart cat eyes, smart locks for multiface recognition applications. On the one hand, commercial cameras have developed into a more mature field of security segmentation; on the other hand, a combination of hardware products such as wearables, smart homes, etc., is an important innovation in the c-end market.
New directions can be extended to robotics, vr/ar, etc. The end-of-cycle market is expected to become a new high-tech barrier to the transformation of producers of anti-products, with 1,789 million R & D investments in 2017, representing 9.5% of revenues, compared with 25.6% growth, and investment in R & D.
Research and development (R & D) is often a core factor for product-based enterprises, especially at critical times for the development of new products, such as the ai, cloud computing platforms, which directly affect the pace of transformation. Consider the large number of suppliers in the industry, the competition in the industry, and the need for large R & D to preserve the moats of technology and products, and to attract talent.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment advice Average for the industry. Considering that performance increases are higher than those in the above-mentioned industry, and that artificialization is in line with industrial and policy directions, a higher valuation should be given.
Hu Sam, head of the media network, master of finance at the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined in July 2011 to date, with many years of research in the media Internet industry, Yang Si-heung, head of computers.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.