Wang Wei-chul's net profit grew by 30% in 2017, and future growth is still to be expected.
The performance report is in line with expectations. Of this amount, the corporate q4-quarter operating income shares found a gold dividend of $2 (including taxes).The domestic business grew rapidly, the transformational effect of the solution continued to be evident, and the Māori rate is expected to continue.
Upgraded: With the advancement of large projects in the City of Peace, the City of Wisdom, and industries, the domestic sector of the company grew by 46% on a year-on-year basis: overseas operations grew by 35% on a company-driven basis.
This represents a 49 per cent increase, a 52 per cent increase, and a 43.2 per cent Māori solution, higher than the 37.2 per cent Māori product sales, which we expect to transform with a corporate solution.
The combined annual Māori rate is 38.2 per cent, an increase of 0.5 percentage points over the same year. As a result of higher company sales costs and higher R & D spending, the company ' s current cost rate increased by 0.5 percentage points over the same period to future growth is still to be expected: 1. The company has been expanding and upgrading its business model from products over the last two years.
The transformation of sales into video surveillance solutions providers and, on that basis, continuing to deepen the transformation into city-based intelligent integrated solutions providers, we believe, with safe cities, smart cities,
As the ppp project continues to land, the transformation of the company will continue to manifest itself; 2. The firm is firmly committed to the internationalization strategy, and we believe that, in the context of the rising demand for overseas security, as the company's overseas branches grow, channels and brands are being developed, and the company's overseas market is being collected.
The size will continue to grow, and the Māori ratio of overseas operations is expected to continue to rise as the corporate branding ratio increases and solution models are applied overseas; 3. The Department of Public Administration has been working on intelligence security, security operations, civil security, machine vision, cloud services, new energy sources.
In areas where future development prospects are broad, such as automobiles, we believe that companies will gain a stronger competitive edge in the defense of the 3.0 era, with leading layouts, strong R & D capabilities, vast channels and size advantages, and that the company’s future growth is desirable.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows: