\triangleright \triangleright 682 million revenues in the first three quarters of 2023
The company coefficient field pcb Practice number: s150052290001
The leading firms, the servers and the switchboards are diverse, the process has been settled for years, and the clients are rich and rich, and are expected to benefit from the dividends of the tide. On the industry side, the British Weidai server is currently heavily delivered, and the demand for the high-speed switch is rising.
He's been in business for years, and he's been in business for years, millimetres.
The market for new and dynamic carboard products, such as wave radars, autopilot aids using hdi and smart space controllers, ceramics buried and thick copper, continues to grow at a high rate, and companies are expected to provide additional kinetic energy with sufficient capacity.
The product structure is optimized and profitability improved. Despite the downside of the industry since this year in areas such as traditional consumption/industrial controls, demand for ai, automobiles, etc., especially for high-value Māori products such as servers, high-speed exchange machines, continues to optimize the structure of the company’s products and improves profitability significantly.
Quarterly Māori sales are 32.12%, compared to +0.85pt. Despite interest rate changes leading to higher financial costs, the company achieved a net sales interest rate of 19.50%, compared to +0.39pt.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Body equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit design, voucher electronics group, joined in November 2022 to study optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc. In September of that year, joined Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., an engineer of the optical machine system, joined the credit card in December 2022.
A voucher electronic group, directed towards precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc. The study is directed towards the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc., to servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.