On March 03, 2025, the opening of the door was opened and the global marketing was enhanced. In the spring of 2025, the company moved ahead.
During the spring festival, the Internet-wide platform for the marketing of liquor on the main lines of the Internet, with more than 100 million exposures, was well prepared to achieve a two-way harvest, taking into account the quality of the product structure and channels.
On the theme of the Spring Festival, “Cheers for the Chinese Year”, together with ginseng Dong, we have launched the “Gonggong Supermax Day” which brings together actors such as Xinxong and Jinsong to launch live broadcasts and microblogs, as well as to launch content launches in parallel with the small red books and tremors, and the new media matrix is significantly enlarged.
The control price was high, and the 25q1 return schedule was more robust, pushing for a steady run-off of 20-and-a-half-year-olds, and providing a good interface for the full import of a new five-yard product-price system (since late in February, the supply of 20-and-a-half-year-old products of the company has been largely discontinued).
The company plans the Bounty, Old Shirts, 20 Saffrons, 30 Saffrons, 26 Saffrons, all of which are expected to be 10 billion in size in the long run. One is a strategic monolith, with a total control in 2025, with a structural bias towards the development of younger groups.
The company has set up a project group for the purpose of operating as a large single item with a national gene.
At this stage, the company adjusts its distributors and terminal appraisal requirements in a timely manner to ensure that the channel price plate, profit, and thrust are stable.
In 2025, the company stressed that stability prevailed, and market development focused more on the strong foundation.1 The provincial market is focused on upgrading its structure: benefiting from the deep coverage and fine-tuning of shared co-building channels terminals.
In 2024, the share of the city and city is close to 80%; in 2025, the focus will be on maintaining healthy and sustainable development, with a stable overall scale, which will boost the marketing structure, mainly through the production of high-quality products such as 25, 26 and the Renaissance version.
The market continues to expand: after a 2404 control adjustment, most of the provinces outside of the province are prepared for a backlash.
In addition, in order to stabilize the channels and optimize the integrity of digital terminal management, the company further differentiates the terminals from the endpoints and the endpoints of the starfire, fine-tuning the clearance requirements of the different terminals and evaluating incentives to manage them in a graded manner.
During the Spring Festival, a large number of businesses in the provinces and the provinces responded to the increase in the sale of wine and alcohol, which, for the few leading brands that still maintain profit-making channels, still have the potential to expand.
In addition to the growth potential of the configuration of the combined, nationalized echelons, the company’s announced innovations in the new media and in rejuvenation in recent years have become more visible. This year, with the resonance of old whites and young 26 national promotions, the company’s long-term growth space is expected to become clearer.
Three major financial forecasts for Shanxi Liquor have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.