Multi-priced precision, balancing scale, efficiency, events: the opening ceremony and the launch of the new edition of the World Tour of Saffron during the period of spring sugar
In view of the changes in macro-level demand, in 2025, the company planned to optimize the priceboard system and its four-wheel drive.
(a) The profit level of the channel, raising the level of specialization of the various product groups, and the marginal strengthening of the growth requirements of the 26/30 mix of the young and the white twig: 1 sunflower 26/30 and above, with a 10 per cent increase in product planning and growth on a year-on-year basis, with a view to making a good price transition. 2 white twigs are a national priority.
Control strategy, with priority given to weak or new markets. Of these, the early release of Saffron 26 requires that price controls be put in place, that channels be driven by the selection of core channels and terminal limits, and that they be promoted in a pro-price model, with 25o1 responding in Shanxi and Rimxi markets.
Establish a dedicated working group to operate in an integrated manner to ensure that resources are focused and strategically coordinated, starting after spring 2025, to promote market-deeping work. Corporate marketing resources are more advantageous than regional alcohol, with channels operating more systematically (price board regulation and stability) and product combinations better coordinated (Bomble, 20-year-olds).
For the purpose of promoting the sale of profitable singles, the terminal can be imported in combination with the old white platinum) and plans are made to enhance product exposure through tremors, quick hand promotion and branding activities, and to strengthen the atmosphere through the promotion of combination fists such as free products, meals, displays, etc.
In March 2025, the company held a marketing launch for digital change, planning for a data-driven, technology-enabling initiative to optimize incentives for testing, resource allocation and organizational competitiveness.
State Terminal, a five-yard new edition of the Qing 30 Renaissance is expected to be marketed at 25 q3. Five-yard marketing guides can be used to optimize the form of return through channels (uplifting the bottle tops, Shanxi Wine (608009): large one-size-fits-all steady.
In the future, on the basis of the accumulation of data, companies will be strong, and the sea will go back and forth, to better understand the distribution of bottle openings and thereby enhance the accurate investment of marketing resources.
The method of application of the company's five-yard product, or different from that of the cellar, is the return of the dealer, not only to the bottle-opening rate, but also to sales missions, to and from the warehouse, terminal/principal openings, etc.
The company requires income, profits and benefits throughout the year, and cost management is more efficient and accurate. 1  The end-of-action monitoring and cost write-off operations have been gradually improved and the pay-off efficiency will be progressively improved since the introduction of the system.
The focus was on 2025, with increased brand advocacy support (e.g., modesty, Omer marketing, etc.) aimed at reaching out to a wider audience.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: corporate product matrix advantages continue to prevail and regional markets are targeted and focused: Shanxi focuses on structural upgrading, raising the proportion of sunflowers by 25/26: round the mountain, white and white, rising up and up; China East and South maintain a 20-celebrity lead, while at the same time doing good cash.
In the context of demand pressure, the company focuses on three major financial forecasting tables for guaranteed price boards and channels for Xianxi Wine, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), and is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.