With equity incentives, the company’s 2021 battalion \triangleright anchored the year’s target. The company’s net profits in the first three quarters were higher than in the previous year, and growth was stable.
Practice number: s15052011100 billion, cash flow is good. At the same time, the company's book billing is $6.51 billion at the end of the third quarter, with a 1 billion ring increase, leaving a certain income pool. We believe that after two years of adjustment, the company has entered.
During the recovery period, business performance continued to improve, with the dream series moving into the long term, with the product structure optimizing Māori, thereby releasing performance. 21q3 Māori was 76.99 per cent, an increase of 3.83 pct over the same period, mainly with the growth of dream series leadership and product structure.
The dream 6+, after two years of transformation, is the main driving force behind the growth of corporate income; the crystal version was completed during the mid-autumn and national festivals this year, with a successful price collating, with a mainstream value belt of 400 Jiangsu; the sky blues were replaced in the third quarter, with a short-term market.
The ratio of corporate turnover tax and surcharges was 18.89%, an increase of 5.72 pct over the same period; the sales cost rate was higher, and the staff was more motivated. Since this year, the company has increased its entire salary, \triangleright.
Incentives to core management have increased staff confidence and motivation. The company now places greater emphasis on digital testing, using open bottle consumption as a bottom test, plus strong product-building, winning sales with slogans, and following a virtuous cycle.
On October 11, the chairman of the company, Zhang Yoon Ha, (00204), continued his efforts to introduce the "Four " at a media exchange symposium, namely qualityism, long-termism, altruism, and altruism.
It is also important to stress that “four tops” — that is, the primacy of employees, the supremacy of quality, the consumption of riverine shares (002304); that management is paramount and the ecology is paramount, demonstrating its commitment to long-term corporate development.
Together, accelerating the release of the new leader brings a positive dimension to the business improvements, consistent with the current firm's re-entering orientation, long-term commitment to quality, for the benefit of the stakeholders, and for the company to demonstrate what it should be.
Ocean River shares (00204): Deep \triangleright/stock, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: repeated internal outbreaks; increased competition in the industry; and product substituting. \triangleright
In Shenzhen, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and ground.
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.