On October 11, Chairman Jang Dong of Yoo River held a symposium with a number of industry media, at which Chang Tung first raised the issue.
The “four-politics” are: qualityism, long-termism, altruism and valueism: quality is the lifeline of the ocean: the ocean river is still in the process of adjustment, seeking sustainable growth and long-term development; it is vital to benefit workers, distributors, consumers, investors; the ocean river is about value creation, integration into national development strategies, and active transformation of development.
According to the feedback from the market, the company ' s strategic single dream 6+ was sold at a favourable price, with the price in Jiangsu rising from $575 at the beginning of the year to $650; the dream 3 crystal version was upgraded, the pipeline stock was significantly improved, the channel thrust was significantly enhanced, the price at the beginning of the year was $365/contribution was raised to $420/distribution is now up to $460 in the province.
Since taking office at the beginning of 2021, Chairman Zhang has been in charge of the All-China Ocean River Marketing Company, the Independent Bicords, the Precious Liquor Sales Company, and the Ocean River shares compared to the deep 300 movement.
The organization, which completed a systematic staff transfer, introduced a staff-holding plan in mid-year, benefiting more than 5,000 staff, including all middle-level cadres and undergraduates over three years of age, was well received by internal staff, implemented the concept of “staff supremacy” and set a target of growth of no less than 15 per cent in 21-22 years, and we believe that it is becoming more perfect.
The company has re-emphasized its long-termism and built a “one-size-fits-all, multi-business” distribution and complementarities.
The development is guided by the construction of a new kind of “worker integration” industry relationship; the active expansion of the out-of-town market and the promotion of the 6+ dream throughout the country. Qualitatively, 40,000 tons of industrial revolutions are about to come into production, while pottery reserves are being increased, with a plan to reach 300,000 tons of pottery by 2023.
The 700-dollar price belt in the province of Dream 6+, which is consistent with the long-term trend of rising consumption in Jiangsu, has a huge potential for upgrading out-of-town structures, and is expected to become a 10 billion-grade monolith in two years. Dream 3 locates the main prices for Jiangsu banquets, changes in the company’s channels are beginning to work, and secure channels push back into growth as the market for the feasts in the 51st and Mid-Autumn seasons rises.
The company has set up a two-brand development strategy for the river plus two ditches, an independent two-circle headquarters and regional operations team, recast product lines and interact with the river at regional and price levels, with a huge target during the fourteen-five-year period. The company's forward-looking sauce and wine, a wholly owned subsidiary of Guizhou, owns about 5,000 tons of sauce and wine production, and in 2021 set up the Near Sudan, the North and the East.
The liquor industry index is now about 47 times higher, with a higher allocation value, and maintains a “recommended” rating. The out-of-provincial market is not as open as expected, market competition is increasing, consumption capacity is declining, private investment is lost.
1. Half-yearly report of Ocean River shares (002304) 2021
Seven years of professional consultation on alcohol and consumer goods, intensive involvement in marketing and marketing in a number of alcohol-listed enterprises, three years of experience in securities, which is good at thinking about the long-term value of the industry and individual shares from an industrial perspective.
In 2021, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.