Into the new journey, marginal improvement accelerated (for the first time) 3 quarterly report meets expectations and reservoirs accelerated
This is due to a loss of approximately $440 million in the fair value of holdings of Chinese and Chinese silver securities. 2021q1-q3641 million dollars, the reservoirs are accelerating, and the company has come to light.
The company has relied on blue classics since it was listed. Since the second half of 2019, we have experienced difficulties in adjusting, but we think the blue classics are still about 75%.
The wine recovery is under way; in terms of products, we expect the M6+ sales target of $6 billion for the year as a whole to be completed, M6+ is expected to increase by more than 50 per cent in the third quarter, crystal dream is on the decline with a positive 2021q3 digits, and the blue of the sea is steadily reaching more than double digits as a base plate.
Growth; the company's emphasis on creating two ditches, with 2021q1-q3 ditches, with 38 per cent brand growth, 218 per cent growth in two ditches, 80 per cent increase in green wine, 114 per cent increase in high-end liquor sales, and eight in the 1455s.
More than 500 million sales markets, 15 more sales markets, accelerated product adjustment, four tops of the future, crystal bottles following strategy, Skyblue upgrades on the market, after mid-autumn this year.
The test, which is expected to be about 60%, will be tested for the second season in spring 2022. Considering that the blue power of the dream has been formed, m6+exploitation has accelerated, m3 crystal bottles have accelerated recovery, seafood stocks are benign and prices are stable, we think that next.
The blue of the sea and the m9 upgrades have become logical, the blue of the sea can slow down the growth of the company, and the company has accelerated into a virtuous path. The company’s four visions for the future: first, m6+ is the engine of the company’s future.
M6+ Release achieves two objectives: sales above $10 billion for both calibres and financial calibres; the blue of the sky guarantee that the basic plate is stable and the price is moved simultaneously (the blue of the sea is expected to be branded, and the future sales of the two ditches are expected to be over $10 billion; and fourth, the current sauce is hot.
The Guizhou Liquor is expected to grow faster by a single drop. As the M6+ becomes a new engine for the company, it will continue to consolidate its position as the first trinity of white wine and will also provide the company's access to high-end drinking camps.
We believe that the company has entered a new phase, and we continue to look forward to a faster return to business, a less than anticipated, less than expected, less than the blue season, less than the blue of the sea, less than expected, less than expected, and less than expected growth in the brands of the two ditches.
Sun Shan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The opportunity, the ability to capture the short- and medium-term potential, the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the thought and insight into the deep market for the Sou wine, and the reflection of my research. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed by the details of this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.