The Centre for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies (CEFIR) has continued to improve the fundamentals of Su Liquor, which are valued at high value for money, are concerned with the effectiveness of the reforms, and the spring opening is more certain.
The product-end company pushes forward the "Yellow + Two Trench" dual brand strategy, and the upgraded dream 6+ and the crystal dream are better. The sea, the sky, as a mature monolith, will move steadily to re-introduction and release 6+ batches of about $600, the crystal dream is about 420, and the blue edition of the new edition is about 310 at the beginning of December.
The company began to make a loan in the coming year, and the distributors were more motivated in the context of lucrative channels, and by the end of the third quarter, the increase in advance receipts and savings were also on the rise. We believe that the company is expected to increase its income by more than 20% over the course of 22 years, and fast-track 21q3 performance ratings.
From the outside to the inside, the new management reform drive is strong. The new Chairman of the Board has been active in promoting high-quality companies since he took up his post.
In our view, the overall effectiveness of the team will continue with the introduction of equity incentives, internal and external reforms that are expected to add to the reform of the internal management structure of the company and the rejuvenation of the marketing backbone.
Quick Push - Ocean River Stock Tracking Point Review, Release. 2) External channel end, emphasis on the ongoing construction of a new "one-stop shop, multi-market" industry, 4. q2 dynamic feedback, Soo leadership reform.
The focus on excellence is on profit-making, increasing the push of distributors and optimizing market order through lucrative channels. Continuing acceleration – the Ocean River Stock Tracking Point Review – we believe that external channels are optimally aligned with the upgrading of internal products, and that the dividends of the reforms are being pursued in parallel.
The company is now both growing and valued. 1) At the expected level, external benefits from consumption uplifting and widening the price belt, and the next year’s 6+ and crystal dream is expected to continue to grow.
Goods, we believe that the company ' s market, both within and outside the province, will accelerate the next year ' s performance, with better growth in the industry. 2) Markets are worried about whether future releases will affect profit from the channel, and we think that the current management targets are still based on solid channels, which will drive the product to its natural yield without harming it.
Liu Xiaotsing, Repeated Risks of the Epidemic, Product Upgradation Unexpected Risks, Macroeconomic Risks, Regional Competition Risks, Analysis of Report Rating Ratios in the Market
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment