On 26 October, the company issued a three-quarterly report, yielding $21.94 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, yoy + 16 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $7.21 billion for the mother, and yoy + 0.37 per cent.
Fair value changes affect profits, product structure increases Māori ratios \triangleright contributes profit elasticity; cash returns of $8.03 billion, yoy+40.6 per cent, significantly faster than income increases, operating cash flows
Net amount of $4,682 million, yoy+34.6 per cent, balance of contractual liabilities of $6,510 million, ring increase of $990 million. Business mechanisms are well structured, dream blues have achieved core growth poles. Corporate reform continues to deepen, with a model of “one-size-fits-all” change, fission of organizational functions and channel-level “one-size-fits-all”
The "Dream Blue" as a high-end carrier, the core single item m6+ pre-locks the 700-dollar high-end high-price belt, has grown into the core large single item, the m3 upgrades the blue crystal version 400-plus-bit ladders of the dream, and the sea and sky are expected to pass through 2020.
Since then, stock has been removed and prices have recovered steadily. The “100-day invasion” has given rise to dynamism, and the new management has shaped new dynamics.
In June, Chairman Zhang took full responsibility for sales and promoted a 100-day push for sales. After six months of consolidation, the new management added to the market strategy, tactics, and insisted on a focused dream of blue m6+ for three quarters of the company’s expected performance, with expected marginal lifts at the revenue end of 2022, with the company expected to pick up its profits in 2021-2023.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating has been given. Municipal marketing management consultancy, three years of experience in securities, is good at thinking about the long-term value of industry and individual shares from an industrial perspective.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.