I'm reporting a three-quarterly review of the Sun River stock (002304.sz)
Double-digit growth in performance, waiting for reforms to continue, income and net profits to grow robustly, and gains from fair value changes to affect net profits. Companies achieved operating income of $21,942 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 16.01% in comparison with the net profit of the mother.
72.13 billion, an increase of 0.37 per cent in the same year, net profit from non-mortality of $6.850 billion, an increase of 16.42 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 3.18 pct in the same year, of which the cost of sales was -0.58 per cent, a decrease of 0.32 pct in the same year, mainly due to an increase in bank deposits for the current period,
As a result of the corresponding increase in interest income, the amount received in advance remained high and cash flows showed good performance. As at the end of the third quarter of 2021, the net asset rate of return for companies was 20.20 per cent.
In addition, the net cash flow generated by business activities in the first three quarters of 2021 was $5.474 billion, an increase of 1332.75% over the previous quarter, and the cash flow was excellent. The four doctrines were clear, adding momentum to the high-quality development of the river.
"m6+" releases high-end effects, dream blue crystals are on the rise, sky blues are on the rise, and it's on the market and it's the "New Troika" of the Pull Company. On October 11th, the Ocean River Stock Party, 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
The Secretary of the Commission, the Chairman of the Board, and the Chairman of the Liquor Industry, Chang Chongdong, made it clear that “Yo River will never grow by the means of the Chinese rule of 28 Sinrixi Street in Beijing City West City” and for the first time proposed qualityism, long-termism, altruism and valorism.
The seven levels of the Center are “four doctrines” of values, methodology and key building blocks for the future development of the company.
As consumption recovers further, we expect that the company will continue to grow in the fourth quarter. In 2021, under the design of the top of the “second entrepreneurship” system, the ocean river, from product rejuvenation to brand upgrading to marketing system restructuring, marked the impact of the reforms.
This report will be presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.