China Peace (601318) Non-Golden Financial Insurance has opened up the corridor, and the industry has taken the lead and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) has begun.
• Recommended logic: As the ageing of the population deepens and social consumption escalates, insurance products rise in their own consumption properties as a financial tool to provide risk security, opening up the space for upward growth. China’s safe and secure tenure as a leader and full-size gold control group in the domestic insurance sector benefits not only from the upwards of the insurance cycle.
And it is hoped that, under the synergies of the plate, the dividends will be scaled up in terms of efficiency and brand value. The company’s net return over the next three years is expected to be higher, but remains a high margin of security and scope for growth relative to performance growth.
Industry background: The internal and external environment is warming, and the power silos are flying. In the context of industry-wide regulatory policies, micro-, small and medium-sized risk companies, which are dominated by all-embracing products, are under enormous transformationary pressure, while large and robust risk firms, which rely on their own channels and brand advantages, consolidate market shares and remain firmly in the dominant position of the market.
With the full roll-out of good health insurance, accelerated post-tax deferred old-age insurance, and the implementation of a second-rate reform for commercial car insurance, future industrial policy dividends will continue to be released, providing a continuous catalyst for the industry’s climate and performance. Under the influence of neutral monetary policy, market interest rates have continued to rise since the end of last year, reducing insurance coverage.
The industry as a whole is under pressure to redistribute its funds, and the risk of raising its return on reinvestment. Moreover, the discount rate of the insurance reserve, based on the interest rate on the national debt, will be set to turn upward by the end of 2017, thus significantly reducing the pressure on the insurance company’s traditional insurance reserve scheme and releasing profits from the enterprise.
Main business analysis: a high quality integrated insurance group. In 2016, the company’s life insurance operations were supported by a high rate of 32 per cent premium revenue and 40 per cent of the value of its new business by increasing the number and capacity of its agents.
Channels and brand effects have dominated the industry, maintaining a high rate of increase in insurance premiums at around 20 per cent from 2017 to the present; asset management operations have diversified risk through pre-positioning of alternative assets and increased investment capacity, ranking first among the equity banks with net interest differentials, and have been controlled in recent years through increased billing and collection.
The Internet finance business has been rising; it has developed a closed chain through the creation of a financial eco-circle to value China Peace Insurance (Safe China) Ltd., established in 1988 as China's first equity insurance company, the Shenzhen Snake.
The main business is one-stop, core finance and Internet finance, and a diversified financial services platform, which also serves as the country’s few financial holding groups with full financial license plates. Its subsidiaries include life insurance, maternity insurance, safe old age insurance, safe health insurance, safe banking, safe securities, safe trusts, and the Safe China Fund, and so on, covering the financial sector.
In addition, the company has created new growth space for core financial operations through the deployment of the Internet finance businesses, such as Land Gold, Van Litton, Car City, Housing City, Payments, Mobile Social Finance Portal. The latest data for 2016 show that the total assets of the China Peace Group reached $5.58 trillion, an increase of 17.04 per cent over the same period; and total operating income of $71,245.3 billion was realized.
China’s security is well deserved by the insurance industry, both in terms of the size of its assets and in terms of operating income. The company’s main business structure: as a comprehensive financial holding group, China’s main safe business covers silver, although it also covers silver.
In 2016, China’s Peace Group, divided according to its revenue structure, had the highest share of life insurance operations, reaching 54.45%; production insurance operations, followed by 22.87%; banking, with a third share of 15.12%; and other operations, with a combined share of less than 10%.
In traditional areas of advantage, China secures a market-led position based on large asset size and brand advantage. By the end of 2016, the share of the safe life market is 12.7%, the second largest market; and the share of the safe production and insurance market is 19.2%, the second largest market.
The integrated business model of one-stop shops has achieved excellent business performance. The combined growth rate of corporate business income over the five-year period was 24.2 per cent, and the combined rate of net profit for mothers was 32.8 per cent. The group continued its steady growth trend in 2016, at 30.62 per cent and 17.02 per cent.
The net profit contribution was 7.39%. This was mainly due to the firm’s confirmation that a limited 100% of the equity held by the Union was transferred to the net profit of $9,497 million held by the Land Gold in an inclusive financial restructuring transaction.
2.1 The upgrading of the consumer market opens up the space for rising insurance demand. Given the large external market environment for the development of the insurance plate, the country has entered a new era of public consumption, in which demand and consumption of civilians have become the most sudden as the economy continues to grow steadily and the levels of disposable income have increased in recent years.
The consumption structure of urban and rural residents is escalating from subsistence to developmental consumption, from material to service consumption, from traditional to new consumption, and the trend is becoming more evident and faster. In the three years 2014-2016, the average disposable income per capita increased by 8.47 per cent.
However, in the first quarter of 2017, the growth rate of consumption of food and clothing represented only 3.59% and -210%, while the growth of service consumption, represented by health care and recreational education, was 15.08% and 12.50%, respectively, much higher than that of material consumption, indicating that the country is now officially entering an era of rising consumption.
In the process of rising consumption, insurance products, as financial services that provide risk security and value addition to assets, depend largely on the size of the population and wealth assets of the middle class in the structure of society, which are the main sources of income for the purchase of insurance products and services. According to the Global Wealth Report 2015, published by the world’s renowned investment bank, the Richmond Institute, the world’s leading investment bank.
China’s middle-income group has a population of 109 million people and a wealth of $7.34 trillion. The report also predicts that, over the next five years, China’s wealth will continue to grow at a rate of 9.4% per year. By 2020, China’s middle-class population will reach 171 million, and the middle-class wealth will reach 11.5 trillion yuan.
Market sales of products open wide room for growth. In contrast to the level of development of the international insurance market, although our country is currently one of the fastest-growing global markets for life insurance, by the end of 2015 our insurance market had only $272 and 3.59 per cent coverage density and depth, which is close to $621 and 6.2 per cent of the global insurance market in 2015.
This month, the State Department issued a special opinion on accelerating the development of modern insurance services, the new 10 articles of the nation, which called for the insurance industry to reach a 5% coverage depth by 2020 through a series of reform policies, with a density of 3,500 yuan/human development targets. Since then, a series of good policies, such as the reform of commercial insurance rates, and tax incentives for health insurance, have been laid to the ground.
The insurance sector has reached a golden age of development due to the combination of increased market demand and favourable policy incentives. 2.2 Increased regulatory protection against risks.
As the financial sector ' s deleveraging policy has deepened, the insurance regulatory level has strengthened its regulation of the sector, with a series of policies and regulations governing the operations of insurance companies at the end of the product, at the end of the investment and at the level of corporate governance. Since March 2016, restrictions on short-lived products have been in place since May 2017.
At the investment end, by introducing a new second-generation solvency control system to control the investment risks of insurance companies, to strengthen the regulation of aggressive listings and cross-border mergers and acquisitions of some insurance companies, to guide the financing of insurance in support of the real economy.
There has been a marked decline in industry and industry risk factors.
Over the past three years, the introduction of tariff reforms and commercial car rate reforms in the three main types of personal insurance has led to the release of premium premiums and to a more scientific development of property insurance rates. Guided by the idea of promoting the return of insurance products to the main sector, last year’s regulatory level introduced a policy of tax incentives for health insurance, which was rolled out from the pilot area to the whole country on 1 July this year.
On 21 June, the Council of State, at its regular session, also identified measures to accelerate the development of commercial pension insurance, and to accelerate the development of commercial pension insurance at three levels. First, it supported commercial insurance institutions in providing differentiated pension security for individuals and families, developed old-age insurance, such as accident and long-term care for older persons, and set up a system of insurance for old-age services, such as medical and nursing unions. Second, it ensured commercial support.
Encouragement of commercial pension insurance funds to run pension institutions. Thirdly, implementation of the State ' s fiscal policy in support of insurance and the development of the old-age service, acceleration of the pilot individual tax deferred commercial pension insurance scheme, and support for the participation of commercial old-age insurance institutions in the management of basic pension insurance funds.
The roll-out of insurance is expected to result in hundreds of billions of premium increases for the insurance sector over the next five years, and a change in the product composition and profitability of insurance institutions.
The higher the liquidity rate, the lower the discount rate, the higher the insurance company’s reserves are required to cover its liabilities under the insurance contract, and the more the insurance company’s reserves are required to cover its liabilities under the insurance contract, the more the reserves are required to cover the liabilities under the insurance contract.
The greater the number of references, the greater the erosion of profits on the insurance company’s accounting statements. According to the new accounting guidelines developed and implemented by the insurance companies in 2009, the discount rate for the traditional insurance reserve = an average of 750 days of movement of the 10-year maturity rate of the national debt + (<120bps premium).
In the circular, the discount curve component, the base interest rate curve and the combined premium, used in the assessment of the liability of the insurance contract, were optimized and adjusted, respectively, by changing the base interest rate from the 750-day moving average yield curve of the public debt to no more than 40 years and the final interest rate (more than 40 years). The combined premium could be determined taking into account taxes, liquidity effects and reverse cycles, among other things.
Current rates, reduction of reserve withdrawals, and release of profit margins. In recent years, as the impact on net profits of risk companies lags behind, the rate of conversion of traditional risk reserves decreased considerably in 2016, thereby increasing the level of traditional risk reserve plans for risk companies, as reflected in their financial statements
Pre-tax profits have a negative impact. According to the annual listing insurance company report for 2016, if other variables remain unchanged, discount rates are assumed to be 50 basis points less than the current assumption, with a negative impact on pre-tax profits in the insurance company ' s financial statements of more than 250 per cent, 3 company-owned business analysis: a high quality comprehensive insurance group
3.1 The proxies have increased the high value of the surrogate life insurance business, and China ' s safe life insurance business has relied mainly on agent channels for sales, contributing more than 88.5 per cent of the revenue from the new business scale insurance policy in the first quarter of 2017. Thus, the aggressive expansion of the pool of surrogates for life insurance has been consistent
In the context of the rapid development of insurance operations and the cancellation of the proxy examination in recent years, the number and capacity of the company’s life insurance agents have grown rapidly. According to the latest data from the company’s quarterly report in 2017, the number of life-saving insurance agents has reached 1,96,000, a doubling of the size of the team in 2013.
Also with the simultaneous increase in the size of the population, it reached $19.2 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 31.8 per cent over the previous quarter. Insurance agents continued the trend of a high rate of increase in their life insurance premiums, exceeding 42 per cent in the previous quarter, leading the industry average.
The new business value of life insurance products reached $21,264 million in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 60 per cent over the same year, which was a new increase. The rapid increase in the value of the new business price was both a result of the rapid increase in premiums earned in the first year of the policy, as well as the firm’s efforts in recent years to optimize insurance coverage and contribution structures.
The new business value of the guaranteed product is the highest and the new policy value of the insurance channel is lower, which can also explain why the company has been actively developing agent-led policy sales in recent years. In terms of the insurance structure, because of the high investment attributes of most of the all-embracing and red policy products, it is generally the company’s lower profit margin for the insurance company itself, as a shock.
The market-scale open-door risk, which was driven by the market at the beginning of the year, and as the sales of insurance policies continued to grow, and insurance companies needed to raise the profitability of their operations by introducing more highly profitable traditional life and long-term health insurance products. In recent years, income from insurance premiums for safe and secure products has been split between insurance premiums and insurance premiums for all-embracing products.
The ratio is gradually shrinking, while the sales of long-term guaranteed insurance products, represented by traditional life and long-term health insurance, have increased year by year, reflecting a firm ' s willingness to gradually optimize the policy duration and insurance structure and to raise the value of its new business.
3.2.1 The combined production risk rate is lower than the industry average, and in recent years, as the market participation in the risk market has increased, competition in the market has increased, and the market share of the risk industry has been maintained through price wars around customer resources and sales channels. In this context, safe production risk has been achieved through the application of new technologies and big data.
Increased risk screening capacity and resource efficiency have not only kept premium revenue up at 23.2 per cent per quarter of the year, but also maintained the combined cost of production insurance operations at 95.9 per cent of the industry level in 2016, demonstrating continued dominance of 3.2.2 vehicle insurance, ensuring a surge in insurance coverage.