China Peace (601318) Deep Report.
The market position of the life insurance flagship is inflexible, benefiting fully from the guaranteed demand driven by rising consumption, and the long-term stability of the cloud, mainly due to agent-channel sedimentation advantages (life insurance products are usually tied).
(b) Medium consumption upgrades drive the rise in demand for guaranteed insurance products (like the consumption upgrade poles of the national product suv, hut, iphone, etc.).
As industry leaders, life insurance benefits the most. 3) Overseas life insurance markets compete with oligarchy, and insurance giants continue to increase their combined market share. We believe that domestic life insurance will be more concentrated in the future, and that life insurance will build on its own strengths – and the high growth of China’s markets expands its advantages.
The combined cost rate of the treasury is a significant lead industry, banks + securities + trusts + interdemnity are well developed, and the combined financial target of 1 +1 > 2 is: 1) the combined cost of the safety insurance has remained at an absolute low level (17q1 combined cost 95.9%) in recent years. Consider competition in the domestic finance market.
The increasing intensity, the steady increase in the size of the insurance premium + the maintenance of insurable profits highlights its unshakeable competitive advantage. 2) Peacebanks drive retail transformation and have a manageable asset quality, with the Safe Trust rising to the top of 16 years of industry. 3) 16 years of Internet finance.
Market data (7 June 2017) Officially lost, and the expected increase in the listing of LWF (b-round valuation of $18.5 billion) is expected to catalyse the corporate valuation of the group as a whole; 4) IFS achieves 1+1>2: intra-group sub-plate agreements
The same effect is evident, with a steady increase in cross-sales and customer migration. 17q1 life insurance new single-high growth boosts a 60% increase in nbv over expectations: 2017q1, the Peace Group achieved a net return profit of $23.5 billion, a reverse trend of +11.4 per cent over the last year.
The base data (2016) base is being used as a basis to maintain a strong growth rate again. A new insurance premium of $65.84 billion is achieved through a single insurance channel, representing an increase of 62.2 per cent over the same period, driven mainly by a guaranteed demand outbreak driver.
The high growth in premiums for new insurance policy contributed to a significant 60 per cent increase in corporate life insurance, amounting to $21.26 billion. In addition, the business structure of the silver insurance channel continued to be optimized, with new insurance premiums being paid at a higher rate of value than the previous year +128.9 per cent.
2. Peace in China: 2016: The Yearly Report: The Year's Review - the First Leader's Advantages, the company that is the absolute leader of China's insurance industry, has a deep moat for life and wealth.
Stable, negative growth in performance, 20170322. 3. China is safe: the three-quarterly report in 2016 - negative performance of 17pev is only 1.04 times higher, and the valuation is still attractive. In the medium term, dividends are raised + land gold is on the market.
The promotion of the +17 performance trap is expected to continue to catalyze stock prices, and we believe that the company ' s reasonable medium-term valuation is 4. China is safe: mid-2016, with a mid-point evaluation-performance reversal double pev, considering the release of endogenous growth + stock value year by year, and there is still room for improvement in the long-term valuation.
Steady and sustained growth in the high value of new business; 3. Change in the cost of vehicle insurance to increase competition in the market; 4. Short-term rewinding pressure following continued stock price increases.
We believe that peace, as the culmination of life risk, will lead to the future of the strong and the best in the world, because: 1) the agent channel has long-term sedimentation and strong synergies with brands and platforms; 2) the champion is unshakeable, and the share of the insurance market is expected to hold.
(c) Insurance consumption attributes highlight that the rise in Chinese consumption is driving the outbreak of guaranteed demand, with large traditional risk companies benefiting the most; and (d) global oligopolistic competition in life insurance markets, which is expected to rise to the top of the industry at a fast pace in China City.
The agent's channel is strong, the agent's unique decision agent for life risk is essential, and the agent's channel's advantage requires long-term sedimentation. In our view, life insurance products (especially life insurance products with higher value rates) have the potential
The natural characteristics of long duration, complex insurance provisions, high non-standardization, and high premium expenditure are such that residents usually have less willingness to buy at their own initiative and have to promote the sale of their products through agents. However, the creation and nurturing of the intergenerational team requires pre-positioning advantages and long-term time deposition, so new
Insurance companies have been set up that have been difficult to match with large insurance companies with long-standing agency channels. Peace agents have grown in size and per capita productivity, highlighting the synergies between powerful sedimentary advantages and peace platforms.) The number of peace agents has expanded rapidly in recent years, with totals at the end of the first quarter of 2017.
This represents an increase of 9 per cent compared with the beginning of the year, which has doubled since the end of 2012. (2) The Sino-Safe Generation (first-year premium) continues to be in the forefront of the industry, with $7,821 in 2016, after the life of the nation.
Consumption escalation drives the rise in security demand, which benefits most from safety, continued high increases in life insurance premiums + long-term stability of market shares, and a very small advantage of life insurance flagship brands. In 2004-2016, life insurance premiums increased at an average annual compound rate of 14 per cent, with a long-term market share.
Maintaining more than 12%, and growing up as the four largest insurance companies, fully reflects its unshakeable flagship brand advantage. As China’s first equity insurance company, founded in 1988, China has a global reputation, and is ranked among the top 2000 companies in Forbes, 2016.
The 20th place, China’s Insurance Company, is ranked first in the world by the British brand consulting firm Brandfinance, with a brand value of $16.324 billion. Growth in residential incomes and rising consumption by the middle class will be at the heart of the high-cost boom.
1) Based on the demand curve specific to insurance, we believe that the middle class is the most risky side of the demand, that for low-income groups insurance products are luxury goods and that the need for risk protection is relatively diminished for the wealthy. As a result, the demand for insurance and the size of the premium income have increased.
At the macro level, according to the Accentures, the number of middle-income households has begun to break out since 2010 and may reach 557 million by 2020, while at the same time per capita income is at the same time rising.
At the micro level, there is a clear trend towards the upgrading of conventional consumer goods among the population, such as mobile phones, represented by iphones, cars, represented by national product suvs, white wine, and so on. With this in mind, we believe that the premium has been high since 2015.
The core driver is the outbreak of guaranteed demand driven by the rising consumption of the middle class, and future insurance may become the most popular consumer for the next generation. Secured products will be mainstreamed, and traditional large-scale risk companies focusing on such products, such as peace, will be adequate.
At present, the rising demand for residential security has begun to materialize: the mainstream insurance product in the market has been transformed from a fiscal/saving model to a safeguard (long-term health insurance) and the new policy premium for such products has increased significantly faster than for other products and has risen rapidly in relation to the total new policy premium.
In the case of peace, for example, the long-term health insurance has grown significantly in recent years, and the scale of the long-term health insurance in 2016 (including three companies with life insurance, health insurance, and retirement benefits) has increased significantly.
Oligopolistic competition in overseas life insurance markets, promising peace against the international giants, oligopolistic competition for overseas life insurance, continuously rising shares in insurance markets, and the future concentration of beneficiary markets in large domestic insurance companies.) Globally, overseas life insurance markets are evident.
It has been rising steadily over the years, reaching over 24 per cent in 2015, fully reflecting the consistent concentration of the strong in life insurance markets. 2) The domestic market, where the share of the top seven life insurance companies (state life, human security, peace, euphoria, Xinhua, Taekang, peace) has remained high, with combined insurance premiums in 2011-2015 for the top seven insurance channels.
The market share of income has remained constant at between 85 and 90%, and while the total number of life insurance companies has increased significantly (from 45 in 2006 to 77 in 2016), the Large Insurance Corporation Monopoly Bureau has remained largely unaffected.
It is further evident that large insurance companies are expected to benefit fully. Life in China, Peace in China, Lawton in England, Metropolis, Zurich, Dutch International, Japan’s First Life, Friendship, Family Life, New York Life, and Life in Honolulu Finance are 16 large international insurance companies with life insurance policy premiums.
The country ' s insurance depth and density are still lower than overseas and there is scope for long-term market development in the future.1 Swiss reinsurance statistics show that the depth of global life insurance (income from life insurance/gdp total) was about 3.47 per cent in 2015, with Europe and North America reaching 4.16 per cent and 3.06 per cent, respectively, compared to 2015
Our insurance depth is only 2.36 per cent, and the gap is still large. Moreover, our insurance density (per capita contribution income) was approximately $190 per person in 2016, although it increased by 23 per cent in the same year, but a large gap still exists in the more developed countries, only higher than in the emerging Asian markets and Africa as a whole.
There is still scope for the future development of the risk market, which is expected to achieve high and sustained growth in the insurance sector, driven by dynamic growth in the industry plus policy support. The global insurance overview of reinsurance statistics
The Sword of Peace refers to the international insurance giant and is expected to become the global champion of life insurance with the high growth of the Chinese market. At the scale of the premium, according to Bloomberg data, the scale of the Chinese life insurance policy in 2016.
With $66.5 billion in insurance premiums of $69.9 billion and $65.1 billion, respectively, the gap between life insurance and the international poles is gradually narrowing. Given the potential high rate of growth in China’s insurance market and its continued branding influence in Asia and the Pacific and around the world, peace and security can be expected to lead to an international life.
A strong growth in 17q1 performance, with a 60 per cent higher than expected increase in life insurance nbv. A high increase in the premium for new policies contributed to a significant 60 per cent increase in nbv. In the first quarter of 2017, the premium for new insurance channels for life insurance was $65.84 billion, representing a significant increase of 62.2 per cent over the same period.
As already mentioned: 1) The outbreak of guaranteed demand from the rise in middle-cost consumption drives the growth of agent per capita capacity by 31.8%; 2) the rapid expansion of agent numbers. At the same time, the high cost of a new insurance policy boosts a 60% increase in the average life insurance Nbv, amounting to $21.26 billion.
At the industry level, because of the high cost of obtaining and the high proportion of hand-overs from silver insurance channels, the value of new operations is far lower than the risk-based ones, and in recent years large life-insurance companies have taken the initiative to regulate the rules of business of the money-insurance channels.
The life insurance policy is less dependent on silver insurance channels, while the industry structure continues to be optimized to 2.770 billion yuan, or +128.9 per cent, of the higher value of the new business, which is close to the total in 2016, and accounts for a significant share of the premium income.
Figure 19: Share of new insurance premiums paid by listed companies and banks for their insurance period 2. Financial policy operations: Combined cost rates show absolute competitive advantages.
The combined cost rate is absolutely low, and in a highly competitive market environment, a competitive advantage is evident when premiums are raised at the same time and premiums are insured for profit. The premium increases + combined costs lead the way, and the competitive advantage is hard to shake.
The insurance premium for the safety insurance is in the lead, and the non-car insurance operation is expected to recover at a rate of 23.2% in 2017. The premium revenue for the safety insurance insurance is increased by 2017q1 compared to 23.2% in the same year, with 10% in the car insurance premium, which is consistent with the average industry increase.
Credit insurance has been transferred to the Institute, and since the restructuring is one-time, it is expected that non-car insurance operations will resume at a high rate in 2017. The combined cost of the treasury is at an absolute level of leadership, with strong market competition evident.
The combined cost of the insurance portfolio of 2017q1 is 95.9%, which is still an absolute low of 160bp compared to 2016q1, with a stable level of insurance profits. In the midst of increasing competition in the market, the country’s insurance market has increased its premium size while maintaining a profit margin, which shows the company’s financial risk industry.
The cost of insurance has increased in concentration, the value of safe brands and services has become more powerful, and the cost of insurance has pushed up the concentration of the industry by crowding out the benefits of insurance and driving the industry.
The year-on-year increase slowed to 10 per cent in 2016, down by 1.6 pct. from 2015, owing to the fact that China has either entered or will continue to delay the increase in the premium rate, which is expected to be within 10 per cent for 17 years in the industry.) At the present stage of the re-engineering of the insurance rate, the adjustment of the autonomous pricing component of the insurance rate has not yet been completed.
Full liberalization (15% of the ANA and 15% of the AAE factors, respectively) will gradually eliminate the adjustment range limit, so the pressure on competition in the industry will increase further in the future, and it is expected that there will be two changes: (i) greater concentration in the industry, with large firms relying on pairs.
The control and data advantages of the marketing end and service chain increase the market share, and small and medium-sized companies face a combination of rising sales costs and payment rates; (ii) in the re-equilibrium search for the insurance market, the overall profit margin of the industry is squeezed.
Safe car insurance, based on the best brand, increases the concentration of the beneficiary markets, leading the industry in the “Internet+Car Life” model. Safe car insurance, based on an up-to-date experience of compensation services, has won the best brand of car insurance for six consecutive years, and the brand effect guarantees companies the benefits of improved market concentration with revised car insurance costs.
In addition, the Safe Car Owner app serves as a core carrier, with a clear positioning and value proposition of “use of car aides, security butlers”, moving from under-line customers to over-line, large data applications for risk screening and precision pricing, technology upgrading of users to build a client-oriented approach.
Wire operations and open Internet car life platforms. As of the end of 2016, the “safe owner” app has reached 17.774 million users, with monthly activity taking first place in the post-car market area.
Internet finance: Land Gold's listing is expected to spur valuations, based on user plus technology, and cross-sales synergies are evident. 1) Safe Internet financial operations are being better organized, value is gradually being demonstrated, and the stock held by land Gold is valued at $18.5 billion after the completion of the b-round financing.
A safe doctor has completed a round of $500 million in financing, valued at $3 billion. 2) The company's Internet money is user-centred, reaching 346 million Internet users by the end of 2016, 233 million subscribers and, based on a large client base, steadily deepening the application of big data analysis techniques.
Continuously taping client data and deepening understanding of client needs. 3) Safely coordinating current products and services via Internet finance. In 2016, the number of users migrating across Internet platforms reached 690.5 million, an increase of 31 per cent compared to the previous year, with an average of 1.94 services per Internet user, compared with 1.94 services per user.
At the beginning of the year, there was a 16.2 per cent increase in the expected increase in the listing of the Institute and a resurgence of financial enthusiasm on the Internet.) According to public sources, the country's Internet finance companies are expected to be on the market in the next 1-2 years, especially ants and ants.
The three major Internet finance giants of LWSF and Jingdong finance are likely to be listed consecutively. The giants will land back and forth, and capital markets are expected to usher in a new era dominated by large, high-quality leading Internet finance companies, and to rekindle the investment enthusiasm on Internet finance topics, boost the overall valuation of the plates, or to catalyse even.
2) The global value of our Internet finance giants is estimated to have reached $18.5 billion in January 2016, after $1.1216 billion in b rounds of financing, after ants. According to several media reports, including Uchinet, the co-director and ceo planner of the Institute is here.
According to a television interview with Bloomberg in March 2017, the Institute is now waiting for the best opportunity to be listed, or Hong Kong, or a potential place to be listed.
A comprehensive transformation to create smart retail banks. Peace banks are actively engaged in the transition to retail banks, and are deepening the reform of the retail sector and accelerating the creation of smart retail banks with a safe character through customer migration and technological innovation. In late 2016, the number of retail customers of Peace banks was 4,473.2 million.
Households grew by 27.4 per cent from the beginning of the year; managing the assets of individual clients increased by 19.5 per cent to $797.6 billion; and zero on the balance of loans sold by $291.3 billion, or 42 per cent from the beginning of the year. Depending on the growth of operations, the accumulated net post-tax profit of SALB retail operations was $9.315 billion, an increase of 147.2 per cent.
The quality of assets has been relatively stable by increasing the disposal and provision and write-off of poor assets. In recent years, the Bank of Peace has had a high rate of bad loans, 1.74 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, while the collection and disposal of assets has been intensified and the provision and write-off has been increased to maintain a relatively stable quality of assets.
In 2016, the Bank of Peace planned a write-off loss of $45,435 million, an increase of 52.1 per cent over the previous year, a safe trust on top of the industry, a safe deposit or a split on the market, and an active restructuring of the trade.
At 67,721 million yuan, 21.3 per cent more than the previous year, in the ninth place in the industry, net profit of $3,797 million was achieved throughout the year, and in the first place in the industry. At the same time, in order to adapt to the new environment, the Peace Trust insisted on making business transitions, restructuring operations, and increasing the volume of management of services management.
The size of the real estate finance trust was reduced by 41.7 per cent to $27,163 million compared to the end of 2015. Safe securities performed relatively well, initiating independent listing or upgrading valuations. 1) Internet brokering relies on the fast-expanding Internet financial ecosystem of the Peace Group, with large numbers of customers and upgrades.
Household activity. By increasing market share and earnings from non-tradable products, bond trading maintained a high return on investment of 13% in 2016 in the face of large market fluctuations; Bonds kept first in the market and interest rate swaps in the market.
Innovations continue to break out, issuing the first green renewable corporate debt in China, and the first domestic real estate supply chain finance abs. 4) China is safe to announce the start-up of equity changes on June 15, 2016, and plans to market its stocks.
To raise capital size and competitiveness, an independent valuation will also be achieved, and it is expected to raise the group as a whole.
In the long run, with the company ' s life insurance, the strong of its financial operations, driving its inner value up, we believe that the company ' s future valuation is expected to reach 1.5 times pev, taking into account endogenous growth + stock price 1) long-end interest rates are fast down: long-end rates have been held since the bottom in October 2016.
Rewinding, the 10-year rate of return on public debt has now risen by 3.6 per cent, and there will be future exposures. 2) The new million-risk regulations drive increased competition in the silver market: the Council has introduced successive new regulations restricting short-lived personal risk products, represented by the " one-size-fits-all " approach, which are mainly dependent on silver insurance.
Channel sales, competition under the new regulations, or further intensification; 3) changes in the cost of vehicle insurance to increase market competition: the current level of adjustment of the autonomous pricing element of vehicle insurance rates has not yet been fully liberalized and the future IMSS will phase out the range of adjustment restrictions, therefore
(iv) Short-term retrenchment pressure following the continued rise in stock prices: China ' s share price for peace has increased by about 32 per cent cumulatively since April 20th, with a significant absolute and relative increase and a short-term return
The balance sheet is based on the balance sheet, the balance sheet of China's profit statement and the balance sheet of China's financial forecast of China's safety.