Recently, a semi-annual report of 2023 was published. The company managed to collect Zhang Yansheng in the first half of 2023.
The production capacity has released multiple benefits and the company ' s profitability has increased significantly. (1) The productivity has continued to climb, and \triangleright has achieved high sales innovation in the second quarter. According to company announcements, 2023q2 has sold 13,570,000 tyres.
Hun Young-dong Ten thousand half-bores project is officially operational, and Cambodian factories produce 1.65 million full steel tires a year
The three-phased project in Viet Nam, which produces 50,000 tons of non-road tyres per year, is largely complete. We believe that the continued climb of the company’s productive capacity is an important building block for increased sales and performance.
In terms of the number of tyres imported by the United States in the first half of the year, the number of semi-steeds imported by the United States was similar for months to the same period in 2021, the total number of steel tyres imported by the United States recovered in June to the same period in 2021.
In the future, the price of raw materials for tyres is expected to stabilize in a mutually beneficial environment, and the production and operation of tyre enterprises is facilitated. A globalized development strategy effectively circumvents trade barriers and continues to deepen the global layout. (1) Subregions
In the first half of 2023, according to company announcements and our calculations, Vietnamese factories contributed $572 million in net profits, compared to the basic holdings of The Wheel Race Lead Industry, Shenyang's 3.3 million all steel.
The increased profitability of the plant has largely benefited from factors such as the company ' s liquid gold and non-road tyres pre-carried with the fetus, 2020.11, whose excellence is recognized by users and the company ' s branding is more productive. (2) Globalization
The layout continues to deepen. The company is the first Chinese tyre company to build a factory overseas and to have the first two overseas large-scale production bases, actively promoting a globalized development strategy and optimizing resource allocation. During the period of increased cross-country trade friction, geopolitical conflicts, etc.
The strategic advantage of Sindha Securities was further highlighted. The company also planned a change in the non-road tyre technology at the Qingdao factory, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
The construction project, the three-phased project in Viet Nam, which produces 1 million whole steel and 3 million semi-steeds a year, the continuation of the construction of the 9th House of the House of the City of the City of the West Side, the Qingdao family project, etc., is expected to continue to grow in the future production capacity of the company.
Globalization is expected to continue to deepen, increasing the ability of companies to cope with trade barriers, laying the foundations for performance, increasing recognition of liquid gold tyres, and increasing value of the corporate brand.
Tyres, using the world's first chemical smelting technology, solve the 100-year-old problem of the “demon triangle” in the industry and are recognized as the fourth milestone technological innovation in the world rubber industry. (1) Performance aspects: corporate liquid gold tyres passing via Spanish idida, German tüv, United States Smith Laboratories, etc.
Various authorities have validated and tested such excellent indicators as fuel conservation, comfort, manipulation, and grindability, which are widely appreciated and accepted by drivers. On average, one liquid gold card passenger tire, and more than 3% of the car tires can be reduced by 4% and 3%, respectively, and new energy cars using liquid gold tyres are used.
A 5-10 per cent increase can be achieved. (2) Market extension: companies are targeting different areas of disaggregation and keeping the landscape open for more liquid gold tyres to meet the needs of different consumers, products are widely recognized by consumers, and product sales are on the rise. (3) brands
Value: The company's high-quality products such as liquid gold tyres are Qingqingshima and Open-ended Tire Fair; the company's liquid gold tyres are selected for the "Innovation 100+" Fair for Shanghai Chinese branding day and won the "China Brand Day Stars" Award; the company's liquid gold high-end custom-made series of products, full-life tyres
Life-cycle management systems, carbon footprint carbon credits, etc., have only opened up during the 21st Chinese International Conference in Shenzhen, further expanding the branding of companies. We believe that the rise in the value of the cards reflects the high quality and high quality of the company’s products, which are represented by liquid gold tyres.
Endurance, behind the company’s continued dynamism in R & D, manufacturing, products, marketing. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to earn \triangleright in 2023-2025.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
The Centre, which carries out research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, YOYU, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials from Nakayama University, Master of Audit from the Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to carry out non-consensual and non-consensual components and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.