The continuous release of tyre production and the performance of the liquid gold technology company 15/08/2023 \triangleright
The average price for raw materials is $11884.98 per ton, $1092.65 per ton per ton per ton of raw materials, symmetric rubber, buttylline rubber, carbon black and gas white (with a larger proportion of liquid gold tyres than conventional tyres) this year to provide corporate growth. Companies promote global layouts, using low tax rates.
\triangleright has the advantage of actively promoting base building and expansion of production capacity. By the end of 2022, the company had four tyre production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang and Xinyang, with half steel, full steel and non-road tyre production.
10,000 and 123,000 tons of productive capacity, and the company has planned the construction of a tire factory and a new material production base at Qingdao's house; overseas, the company owns two production bases in Viet Nam and Cambodia, among which Vietnamese factories
The countervailing tax rate was 6.23 per cent, the Cambodian factory was subject to a zero-double counter-tax rate, and the company was able to produce 16 million steel, 4.25 million steel and 60,000 non-road tyres in 2022 in overseas factories, respectively, with an estimated research assistant, Liu Lungi
The application of new liquid gold materials is fully paved in whole tyres + half steel tires. The company works hard to develop liquid gold \triangleright tyres, and the technical and performance performance of a series of products is at a leading level. The liquid gold tyres are innovative in solving the spread.
The “demon triangle” challenge, which is difficult to reconcile with the three indicators of humidability, rolling resistance and grinding resistance, has been reduced by 5 per cent in the distance of dry-land braking, 15 per cent in the drag of rolling and 7 per cent in the range of journeys. Since this year, the company has grown on the basis of a well-received whole-bore of liquid gold.
The combination of raw materials has improved, the line of products has continued to be high, and the promotion of liquid gold semi-steeds in the domestic and foreign markets has now achieved bulk sales and growth in the United States market - 2022/08/23
The company’s performance is expected to benefit further as more consumers recognize the performance of liquid gold wheels. Investment advice: the company’s tyre production continues to expand, and the accompanying liquid gold production improves its own product quality.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.