In the second quarter, a net return of 691 million yuan was achieved, supermarkets were expected to have a strong build-up of domestic and external needs, and companies had a record high in sales. In the second quarter, the company achieved tyre production.
\triangleright 14.1616 million, resulting in 1,357.36 million tyres sold, with a single-quarter sales of the highest ever. Tyre sales have benefited mainly from strong domestic demand and the recovery of overseas orders. The impact of the epidemic has been gradual.
Dismantling, the domestic tyre market continues to improve, and the rate of tyre start-up is high. According to data from the China Rubber Industry Association ' s Wheels Branch, 38 key member enterprises were able to produce a combined outbirth in the first half of 2023.
With regard to the export of tyres, which was affected at the beginning of the year by the high stock of overseas dealers, the domestic export of tyres was somewhat suppressed, and after several months of degeneration, the stock of steel, semi-styren or already at normal levels abroad, Research Assistant Liu Lungi
According to the General Customs Administration, the export of tyres outside China amounted to 4 million tons in the first half of the year, an increase of 14.5 per cent in the same year; exports amounted to $10 billion, an increase of 13.2 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright materials include natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtains, etc. The cost of raw materials such as natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, etc. In the first half of the year, the price of the main raw materials of tyres as a whole moved downwards.
As of the first half of 2023, the natural and synthetic rubber price index had been low for almost two years; the carbon black market.
During the first half of the year, the prices of the steel curtain line showed a rebound after a fall; the prices of the wire line showed a first-time upward and downward trend in the first half of the year, and the overall prices were lower than in the same period last year. At the same time, the structure of the company’s products also changed, and the relatively higher share of the product in the output structure was also rising, helping the company to raise the rate.
The combination of raw materials has improved, with the continued high distribution of high product lines and a decline in unit energy consumption, which has improved the company ' s overall Māori ratio.
The company’s base in Cambodia will be inaugurated this year in overseas factories, and the Vietnamese base in three will be next year.
As a result of this, the first phase of a domestic business base project will be completed next year to maintain corporate growth; and the company began to promote the use of liquid gold tyres in the semi-steel field at the beginning of this year, with increasing consumer awareness and acceptance of liquid gold tyres, the company's productivity and competitiveness are expected to continue to improve.
Investment proposals: company tyre production continues to expand, the sea and sea tyres are consumed and the company \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.