Stock incentives to show confidence, the new future of liquid gold Events: 18 July, race tires released " The Draft Staff Holding Plan 2023 " , this time, race tires (601058)
The share-holding plan involves a target of 59.9 million shares, representing 1.96 per cent of the company ' s current total equity, with no more than 75 employees, including company directors, executives, etc., participating in the performance appraisal at the corporate level, with the following objectives:
Equity incentives bring together the company’s core talent to highlight the company’s confidence in development. Based on the company’s employee holdings, the performance test 2023-2025 based on a net return profit of 1.332 billion yuan in 2022, the mother’s net profit target is nearly double that of 2022, which is a strong indication of the company’s confidence in its future development.
In addition, the company's employee holding scheme was intended for directors of the company, senior management, practice number: s1500520080002.
People, middle-level managers, and core staff, we believe that this plan effectively covers the core management workforce, deeply binds core employee and corporate interests, promotes long-term sustainable corporate growth, provides the basis for performance growth, and increases profitability through low-tax advantages in overseas dual factories.
As of the year 2022, the company’s Vietnamese factory was building 4 million and a half steel tires, 1 million whole steels, and the company expected to complete this production by 2023, which we thought would be an important engine for the company’s future performance growth. Moreover, in the United States, for China, Thailand, Viet Nam.
In the south and south, the company Viet Nam’s factory tax rate is only 6.23 per cent, which is significantly lower than in other tax-bearing areas, and in Cambodia’s factories are zero double-tax rates.
The promotion of liquid gold tyres is increasing, and the brand value of help companies is increasing. Liquid yellow tyres, using the world’s first chemical smelting technology, solve the 100-year-old “demon triangle” that plagues the industry.
The challenge, which is recognized as the fourth milestone technological innovation in the world rubber industry, is (1) performance: corporate liquid gold tyres are validated and tested by a number of authorities such as idiada in Spain, tüv in Germany and the Smith Laboratory in the United States of America.
These indicators are widely appreciated and accepted by the drivers. The liquid gold-car tires have reached Europe.
Wheel speed lead industry, Shenyang 3.3 million all steel, Tire classification criteria, 3a product. (2) Market promotion: early delivery of liquid gold tyres, 2020.11
On the basis of its coverage of major tyre varieties, the company has established multi-channel and multi-form branding activities, such as the broadcast of liquid gold tires commercials during the prime hours of viewing, Chinese International, news channels, and participation in and successful selection of the “Innovation 100+” exhibition area for China's brand day of 2023.
Major events in the European industry, such as the Cologne exhibition, the Wide Tire show, and interactive activities such as the "Little Golden Tyre Tests and Test Tests, Sindam Securities Co. Ltd.'s Driving Experiences, and the "Scoffing Gold Admins". (3) Brand values: in liquids.
Cindasecuritiesco. ltd as the core result of the gold tires, "The key technology of the whole chain of rubber tyres is a sign of access to the 9th House of the House of the City of the West Side in Beijing."
In 2023, China's 500 most valuable brands were awarded the 7th China Industrial Award, and the China Wheels Group ranked 116th in the order of 80,572 million yuan in brand value, which grew by 12004 million yuan last year and was re-innovated. We believe that the rise in brand value reflects the company's liquidity.
Gold tyres represent the high quality and high end of the product, and behind them is the company ' s continued dynamism in R & D, manufacturing, products, marketing, etc. \triangleright
Risk factors: 1 - Risk of new production capacity being less than expected 2 and significant price fluctuations in rubber. \triangleright Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Finance, Beijing University, 7 years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
In July 2022, the Centre, which conducts research in the petrochemical industry and in the basic chemical industry, joined the Central University of Finance and Economics with a master ' s degree in auditing of high molecular materials at the University of Nakayama and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.