q2 performance ring increases, global layout releases growth race tires (601058.sh)
In the same year, 10.8 per cent increased; the net return to the mother was 1.05 billion yuan, or 46.3 per cent more than the same year, out of which the operating income for the first quarter of 23q2 was $6.26 billion, representing an increase of 11.2 per cent and a 16.6 per cent increase in the ring; and the net return to the mother was 690 million yuan, representing an increase of 75.7 per cent and a 94.5 per cent increase in the ring.
The growth in sales is resonance with the increase in profitability, the company ' s q2 performance ring increased by the first half of the year, and the Department achieved 2,5110,000 home-grown tyres sales, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period; the average sales price was $437/spill.
Percentage points. The volume of tyres has risen and increased profitability, and companies have increased their performance in the first half of the year in comparison to the same period. q2 companies, on a quarterly basis, have achieved 13,57 million sales of their own tyres, an increase of 17.6 per cent in the ring, an average sales price of $436/bar, a slight decline of 0.5 per cent in the ring. In addition, q2 yuan
The q2 performance of the company’s q2 performance was significantly increased. The tyre industry “reversed” with the national production of tyres, which broke through the country’s tyre industry, in particular the half-year-old steel tyres, which became a virtuous cycle track in the first half of the year, and the overall business situation fully recovered.
At the end, the price of the main raw materials fell and the tyre cost pressure was fully released. As at 30 August, the average price had fallen by 13.7%, 6.4%, 20.7%, 3.6%, respectively, since the beginning of the year of carbon blacking.
Technology research and development, equipment processes, management of production organizations, etc., are trying to reach or reach the world's most advanced water levels, market competitiveness is gradually catching up with the second-tier firms. 3) At the end of demand, tyre markets are wide, the economies of Europe and the United States are under high inflationary pressure, the prices of tyres produced in the country are high, competitiveness is high, positive
In January-July, we exported 356.97 million new pneumatic rubber tyres, an increase of 6.6 per cent compared to the same period; Thailand exported 43.3 million steel tyres, an increase of 7.2 per cent compared to the same period. In May 2023, the United States imported 19.7 per cent and 9.7 per cent respectively from Thailand and Viet Nam.
In September 2022, the low point recovered by 5.2 per cent and 3.2 per cent respectively; the total number of steel tires imported from Viet Nam The global layout continued to advance, and the liquid gold tire support product upgrade companies built seven production bases in China, Viet Nam and Cambodia, all of which have been operating on a scale overseas.
On the one hand, the company has continued to promote three projects in Viet Nam; on the other hand, the company has planned a project on non-public roads in the provinces, 30 million units of high-performance midday and 150,000 tons per year of non-road tyres, 500,000 tons per year of new functional materials (200,000 tons per year) and so on.
In addition, the company ' s liquid gold tyres perform excellently, with an average of 4% and 3% reduction in the use of a liquid gold truck and car tires, respectively.
In the first half of the year, companies continued to introduce more liquid gold wheels of different product categories, with wide consumer recognition, and laid a solid foundation for the continued competitiveness of their products.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.