The most direct beneficiary of the price increases, 17 years old, is the white wine with a higher price.
Mahobo, the price of white wine has risen, the price of high-end white wine has risen most definitely, and the industry is a double oligopoly. 1) s06051509002
The overall white wine industry has fallen prices, and price increases drive industry growth. 2) High-end alcohol supply and demand is favourable, and price increases are the most definite. High-end markets are 65 billion, cagr is about 8%, top-heavy prices are strong, driving industry price increases. 3) High-end alcohol is monopolistic.
The price of the five grains has really increased, and the price of the five grains has increased in 17 years. 1) The price of the huts has risen, and the five grains have benefited most directly. The price of the lot has risen to 1250, and the difference between the price of the five grains and the one in the huts has been the largest in history, and the price of the five grains has opened up. 2) The 16-year average + volume price has risen in 17 years.
The company’s 16-year pipeline inventory was cleared, and the value of the five-food fluids increased. The price effect of 17q1 P5 started to show that a quarterly income of $10.16 billion, or +15.1 per cent, was derived from the mother’s net profit of $3.59 billion, or +23.8 per cent, and the market was expected to be opened.
Cash received in goods and services amounted to $7.7 billion, up from 15% in the same period as in the history of the +15%, with cups and low-level high-end products. According to grass-roots research, the 17-year P5 contract volume was reduced by 25% by 25%, and the reduced quota was “optimized, increased by premium”, through
In 1618, cups and low-fives continued to be released, with the actual year-round drops remaining unchanged. The end (10-15% higher than last year’s average price for salesmen) and the unlimited supply of unplanned supplies were higher than P5 and the strategic brand replenishment would lead to an upgrading of the product and an increase in the Māori ratio.
• The best mix-up mechanism, with improved management performance. 1) The mix-up has accelerated and is scheduled to take effect in 17 years.
(ii) Management changes, internal governance is well-motivated. The new party secretary, Lee Jong-soon, is new and pragmatic, and corporate management is expected to work together to accelerate improvements in internal governance. We expect that performance during the business change phase will be smooth.
The distribution model takes control of the market, special stores make brand images, marketing centres come close to the front and react quickly. The series of wines goes to the general public to create new growth points in the waist. The company focuses on five.
A core series of wine brands, we believe, is expected to contribute to the rapid nationalization of the series through brand focus + cost advantage, two core competitivenesss. The company’s target of 17 years is 30% growth in the series, 10 billion dollars in the 18-year series, 17 years based on grass roots research.
1. Five grain fluids: the q1 series of alcohol, which is the most beneficial as a result of the price increases, is growing at a high rate, with little pressure expected to reach the target.
The value is only 21 x (26 per cent up in the hut 26x in the cellar 42.26x), and in the wine, 2.5 grain fluids: prices remain upwards and canals have higher prices. We see the five grain fluids as the most directly beneficial brand for the price increases at the base.
There has been a clear recovery of confidence, and the biggest market divergences + price increases have been determined. Management has changed + and internal and external improvements have brought about the future. 3.5 Food fluids: the most visible name for improving the margins.
The alcohol + 16xpe+ reform of state enterprises expects the white wine production to fail to meet expectations and the series to grow below expectations. 1. The high-end alcohol industry has a favourable supply and demand pattern and continues to raise prices.
1.1. Industry development driven by price increases and structural upgrading In 2016, the overall recovery in the industry was weak, with incomes growing faster than production, prices rising . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
We expect that, driven by rising consumption, the overall white wine industry will grow more income than sales, and that price growth will drive industry income growth. And price growth will be reflected in rising consumption, and people will prefer to drink less while drinking better.
1.2. The expansion of the high-end white wine industry, with favourable growth in supply and demand, is most definite. According to data from high-end white wine-related listed companies, we expect the high-end white wine market to be about 65 billion dollars in 2016, while the y13-17 cagr is about 8 per cent higher than the combined growth rate of 5 per cent for the industry as a whole.
1. Monetary + infrastructure stimulates high-end demand for white wine, and we believe that macroeconomic warming, monetary investment and investment in fixed assets will gradually stimulate demand for high-end white wine: rising consumption by drinking, high-end business dinners and investment collection demand.
In 2016, the ppp project gradually fell into the bottom economy. According to estimates, the 17-year ppp project was contracted/landed on a scale of more than 5 trillion, we believe that the policy dividend of 4 trillion years could be compared to the capital, the cpi, and even the transfer of high-end white wine.
High-end white wine supply is limited, limited price premiums open up a new cycle of price increases, high-end white wine prices return, high demand for private consumption + limited supply ushers in a new round of production, high-end wine prices return to a thousand-dollar price, and the retail price of the huts returns from a high of 2,000 yuan in 13 years.
At the same time, high-end alcohol supply is tight, and the leader is in a five-year supply shortage, with the quota system and guaranteed market prices becoming the choice for high-end liquor manufacturers.
The high concentration of the high-end white wine market and the further concentration of the market share to the leading brands The high-end white wine industry has a high concentration of the leading brands, 56% of the leading brands ' market share, 5% of the low-end market share, 27% of the food and fluid share, and nearly 95% of the high-end wine and cr4 market share.
2. The external environment is favourable, the five grains raise + the amount is back on the growth track. 2.1. Pow price increases, and the five grains open.
The price difference between the price of the five grains and the price of the five grains has reached its highest in history, and is more conducive to the further release of the five grains. The price of the huts has risen to $1,000-1150 in 17 years, and the manufacturer still controls it after the spring season.
The run-off pace, the low-season price, the price of a batch of 1250-1280. The price of a batch of five grains, at $760-780, is close to $500, and the price of a batch of puppies, we believe, continues to open the consumer’s mind to high-end white wine.
The price ceiling, which is good for the five grains at $900. 2.2.16, which is back up at full price, is 17 years of open-door storage.
In 13 years, the white wine industry has entered a period of adjustment, with high-end white wine consumption falling, prices blistering, and the industry entering the stocking phase.
The price system, by maintaining the price balance by “controlling the price, keeping the price balance, gradually moving the channel to the inventory, has enabled the channel to be sold at par. The price-fixing strategy of the five grain fluids follows the roof. The competitive price increases open up the price-raising window for the five grain fluids.
According to the company’s stockholders’ meeting, there is still a need to restore and adjust the price of the five grains to bring the same price closer. In August 16, P5 prices were raised again to $739, and pre-priced distributors were already large.
According to the study, the price increase window is set up for the plant in the year 516 for about 12,800 tons, and for 16 for the year when the five-food fluids actually achieved a full price increase.
3. The boom in sales, with 17q1 revenue profits exceeding expectations, has opened up to 100 million million dollars, the highest in the same period compared with 15% in history, and business performance has continued to improve. 1) The P5 effect is evident: spring season high alcohol is being released at a very high price.
Research, after 16q4 P5 prices were raised, the bulk of the advance payment was 739 and the 17-year price increase was reflected in the statement. Meanwhile, during the spring season, the price increases at the huts were compounded by supply stress factors, five grains were sold, and 17q1 was shipped monthly on a quota basis, and the distributors were active throughout the country.
A 25 per cent reduction in annual commercial contracts is provided through strategic brands of 1618, cups of exchange, low five grains and fluids. The price of 1618 is $769, the price of a cup is $819, and the volume of high-end strategic brands has led to a rise in corporate product through low stock and good turnover.
Road inventory is low, accounting for 5 to 8 per cent of the quarterly quota (the current-season stock as a proportion of current-season sales), based on weekly stock, good liquidity, low-season price stability and preparation for the second half of the season.
The "1+3+5" brand, supplemented by the "5+5" series, has been identified as the core of the new five-food fluids, the "5-food fluids" and the "5-low-food series" with a "5+3+5" brand, which is complemented by a "1+3+5" brand, based on a grass-roots study by distributors, resulting in a 25 per cent reduction in the 17-year P5 contracts of major vendors and a reduction in the number of departments.
A cup of $819 in the form of an “optimal delivery, incremental premium” and a cup of tea of 1618, a cup of tea and a minimum of 5 grain dollars. A cup of tea of 1618 and a cup of tea are more profitable because of the higher retail price and the better profits of the channel.
This will lead to an upgrading of corporate products and a further increase in the Māori rate. 3. Internal rationalization, best mechanisms for completion of the mix, improved management performance 3.1.
With a sum of not more than $513 million, a good distributor of the five grains part of the fluids offering to buy a mix of no more than five grains on his own account, and a second-ever liquor trader, it is hoped to take the lead in the reform of mechanisms to fully release the business.
1) The adoption of the SIP will bind the interests of the employee to the company and increase the corporate cohesion and motivation; 2) through the SIP, the deep binding of channels and the interests of the company, to facilitate the opening of the new market for the company, while at the same time preventing large-scale trading, price disruptions, etc., from undermining the stability of the market; 3)
Introduction of strategic investor corporate equity and governance structures and establishment of efficient decision-making systems. 4) Additional funds raised will be used for investment in three projects: informatization, marketing centre construction, service-based e-business platforms, which will enhance the collection and response of companies to market information and improve companies
3.2. Change of management, internal governance and performance drive
New, practical, based on corporate news, new leadership, realism, focus on production, sales research, and hopefully future integration of past provincial and economic SIC industries, finance, we believe that the new management is expected to work together to accelerate improvements in internal governance.
A smooth transition will be ensured by the performance of the enterprise during the renewal phase. 3.3. Marketing reform manufacturers, in close combination with the restructuring of the distributors, will re-route the five-food fluids from flat- levelling to vertical processing.
In direct distribution mode, the company re-establishes seven marketing centres, sunk sales structures, operates and maintains markets with distributors, deep-farming channels. Price inverts and run-off from market adjustments in 13-15, mainly due to the transformation of small distributors
In times of shrinking demand for the end, they are under pressure from high stock and slow turnover, and their financial strength is weak, and they often resort to low-cost disposals, run-off, etc., to return their own funds, regardless of the stability of the market as a whole. Companies maintain markets, adopt direct distribution verticalization models, and re-orient distributors.
Structures, using core distributors to stabilize markets and prices, and companies to create brand image windows, develop five-food fluids, limited to the exclusive distribution of the store, 819 out of the store, 999 out of the group purchase price, 1299 out of the retail trade, and fly to the pedestal.
The company has also re-established seven major marketing centres in North China, East China, South China, China, South West, North West and North East, which have sunk marketing management, promoted marketing reform, directly connected with local businesses, and quickly responded to marketing decisions.
4.1. Focus on the five core brands, which cover the public liquor market at full price, and the multi-brand strategy, which helped the five grains to take advantage of the national market quickly, but over-the-counter sub-brands have gradually taken over.
Over the past 15 years, the company has firmly consolidated the brands of the series of wines, creating a five-food brand group called "Five Foods Maker, Stars Shining", focusing on five medium- and low-end products - Five Foodols, Five Food Springs, Special + Headings, Cotton Slash, Six and Liquids.
By focusing on these five brands, making strong, medium-sized products, making steady, low-priced products, and using a strategy of cashiers. Companies have also set a target of 30% growth in the 17-year series of wines and 10 billion dollars in the 18-year series of wines, according to grass roots studies, a high growth in the 17-year series of q1 alcohols.
The other 85% to 90% of the base alcohol is used to make medium-end series. Large-scale production advantages magnify the cost advantage of the base, while increasing the cost advantage.
We believe that companies are expected to contribute to the rapid nationalization of the series of wines and to the growth of corporate income by focusing on the two core competitive areas of brand – cost advantage.
5. Profit forecasting and valuation 5.1. Corporate valuations are high in white wine, compared to historical valuations, where white wines are driven by the first shares of the Maoutai.
In our view, the white line is still within a reasonable range, with limited space to go down. Compared to the white brand, the five grains rose by 33% at the beginning of the year, with a 17-year valuation of only 21x (26% rise in the huthouse 26% rise in the cellar 42.26% rise) and are low in the big white wine.
Market profits forecast for 17 years, LSD 21xpe, net profit 20 per cent + and white wine with high value for money. Chart 20: White wine stock increase from 2017 to date Chart 21: White wine stock increase from April 2017 to date
We see high demand for high-end alcohol and high prices of low-end liquor as a direct benefit of the five-food fluids, the benefits of the employee plus distributors, the growth of future performance due to both internal and external improvements, the forecast of corporate quarterly macroeconomic growth below expectations, the fall in demand for high-end white wine; and the company ' s inability to produce high-end white wine.
As expected; the increase in the series of wines has fallen short of expectations, and with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. is in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board