First non-financial cover report for the transport and rail roads - the operational head of the road board, the layout of the national road network
Investment rating: Purchase (for the first time) of road boards, with significant cash-sharing gains.
22 provincial regions of the country. The company has grown steadily by expanding its network and operating efficiently.
By the end of 2023, the company was involved in 26 road companies, 16 of which were a-h-stock listed, covering three-quarters of the industry. In terms of income structure, the high speeds were controlled.
The remainder of Zhang Fong Cheol is 12.96 years and more than 80 per cent of road production is more than 10 years old, and relatively young road assets provide sufficient time for traffic growth and revenue release.
Road chain operations have been transformed and technologically empowered to open up the growing ceiling. The company constructed the second curve using “Technology and Technology for Transport + Smart Transport + Transport Ecology.” The ratio of road chain operations increased from 29.32% to 34.19% between 2018 and 2023, and the collection ratio has continued to rise, with intelligent transport systems, green energy integration, etc.
The scale of the innovation scenario, which has added policy support to the digital transport transition, and the technology premium and synergies of the business cluster, which will be further released, are expected to become the second growth curve in the future. Roads, as the backbone of the domestic road board, continue to strengthen the size of the road, with robust growth in performance and coverage for the first time.
We chose the Ningyu, the deep, the high, the high, and the comparable company, which is leading the country’s road operations, with robust growth in performance, giving a first-time “buy-in” rating. Adding the company’s continued expansion of its road output and its high-speed expansion project is expected to be completed in 2026, with expected revenue holding.
Growth: 2) The company’s road industry chain may continue to grow, and revenues are expected to grow. Cost: the company will focus further on its main business, optimize asset management, and strengthen its lean management, although there is greater uncertainty about market demand, we expect that the company’s future Māori ratio will continue to rise.
Cost: The company’s financial cost rate was affected by the combined effects of the high-speed expansion of the company’s suppliers, iron, and Kyoto Pond: in terms of his cost rate, it is expected to be more stable as the company continues to drive down the cost savings. The hiring of roads as the backbone of the domestic road investment platform, and as the company continues to improve the layout of the road network and enhances the road.
Production size, investment efficiency, and company performance are expected to increase further, leading to a sustained increase in dividends. Macroeconomic fluctuations have led to less than expected growth in traffic; tariff policy adjustments have led to less than expected revenue tolls; and investment in company construction has fallen short of expectations.
1. The acquisition road was established on 18 December 1993 as Hua Jian, a national road network, and a number of listed companies.
The Centre for Transport Economic Development (CEFACT), a central State-owned enterprise approved by the Ministry of Transport and responsible for managing the initial integration of road operations in Asia Pacific, the annual Integration Bureau, and the completion of the remodelling of the stock system and its renaming as the Agency in 2016, operated a total road mileage of more than 147,000 kilometres, covering 22 provincial regions of the country and participating in 16 roads.
City companies, which form the “Investment + Operations + Technology” integrated road industry platform. Chart 1: Businesses in the history of the road.
By the third quarter of 2024, the Group held 62.19 per cent of the shares, while the Group actually controlled the National Finance Committee, which operated in the areas of contracting, finance, tourism, real estate, etc. for the transport of passengers and cargo by land, rescue at sea, industrial manufacturing, surface construction and offshore oil development.
The company focuses on road investment, deep-farm road operations, which cover highway investment operations, traffic technology, intelligent transport and transport ecology, and covers the entire road chain.
1) The investment portfolio is the core industry, with revenues from the first half of 2024 reaching 80.67 per cent, and companies earn toll revenues from operating and investing in high-quality highways. 2) The transport technology module is based on a business base, with revenues reaching 2.04 per cent in the first half of the year, and companies are upgrading through a combination of modern information technology, big data applications and traditional industries.
High-speed travel efficiency, optimization of service experiences, construction of smart management platforms, operations involving smart fees, smart security, smart cities, traffic broadcasting, electronic invoicing, etc., etc.) The transport eco-block received 1.88 per cent of the total in the first half of 2024, focusing on low-carbon transformation of the transport sector, covering green clean energy, photovoltaics, water ecology repairs, etc.)
Since its listing, commercial roads have continued to enhance the size and efficiency of their network, leading to a steady increase in revenue and profits. In 2016-2023, the combined growth rate of company operating income (cagr) was 9.81%, and the net profit return (cagr) was 12.65%.
q1-q3 of 2024, which benefited from the combined effects of railways in mergers and acquisitions, short-term factors such as a significant increase in corporate revenue on a year-on-year basis and an increase in the number of free days on holidays, combined with the combined cost implications of new M&As. “Invest + Operations” were driven by a two-wheel drive, with an investment gain of about 72,26 per cent of the operating profit in 2024.
Post-temporal adjustments are relevant. Transport technology blocks generate 13.08% Māori for 922 million yuan, with a gross profit of 5.46%, mainly with industrial chain synergies; intelligent transport and transport eco-business combined with only 235 million yuan, with a Māori rate of 9% and 13%, respectively, and are now dominated by the development of green transformation and digitization capabilities.
There are 30 divisions covering 16 listed companies, with returns on investment accounting for a larger share of the company ' s operating profits, accounting for approximately 72.26 per cent.
The company acquired high-quality assets such as cash, stocks, transhipments, Jiang Dian-Wung, Ning Bo-Beung Port, Jiang Xi-xi-ri, Guang Qui-yang, Guang Xi-xi-Hing, Guang Xi-hwa-Tung, O-dong Bridge, and successfully acquired high-quality assets in 2018, as well as high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed (chung-jung-jung) and high-speed projects in 2022.
By the end of 2023, the company had joined 26 road companies, 16 of which were a-h-stock listings, and by the end of 2023, the average remaining cost of the company-controlled segment was 12.96 years, and 80% of the production was due.
Distributed over 10 years, the fee-cycle advantage provides a sufficient window of time for the growth of traffic and the release of revenue. In terms of income, the high speeds of the Qinghai and Kyotai are central assets of the control network, with revenue tolls amounting to 20.35 per cent and 14.77 per cent respectively in 2023. The distribution of traffic is supported by multiple points, with the high-speed traffic in Kyotai accounting for 14.94 per cent of the total traffic, and North Lon.
High-speed traffic in ports accounts for 12.21 per cent of total traffic, and high-speed traffic in tartars accounts for 11.57 per cent of total traffic. These three high-speed vehicles constitute the top three average daily traffic levels, reflecting the synergy between the advantage of the area of production and regional economic activity.
The company’s road industry chain operations are divided into three core sectors: transport technology, smart transport, and traffic ecology. The transport technology module focuses on providing a full range of engineering techniques covering advice, design and construction.
Smart transport plates are designed to enhance the experience of highway services through digital and intelligent technologies, and to promote industrial upgrading.
Established in 1965, the company holds more than 40 qualifications at all levels, including 11 qualifications at the first level and 5 at the first level: the main business involves scientific research development, survey design, testing, consulting supervision, engineering, product manufacturing, information services, general contracting for design and construction, construction project management, etc., and forms a “scientific research-design-construction-carriage” cover.
In 2023, the Transport Science and Technology Section was able to earn 3,321 million yuan in operating income, and the structure of the operation was broken down to: 1) advice
Class operations (developing design, consulting supervision, etc.) contribute 1,502 million yuan, or 45.24%; 2) engineering operations (engineering, total contracting) collect 1,059 million yuan, or 31.89%; and science and technology information and ppp operations together 2) smart traffic: digital transformation drives high-speed growth.
National competitiveness, by combining information technology and large-scale data applications to launch smart transport operations, has covered 29 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities across the country.
Covers well-established products and service systems in the fields of smart operations, smart fees, etc.
3) Transport ecology: green technologies enable sustainable development. The company’s transport ecology is mainly a company’s capital, China’s investment company, which, as a light storage and integrated investment company, has established a regulatory system for the development, design, construction, transport and exit of landscapes.
At the same time, clean energy solutions and microgrid technologies are being promoted in major transport scenes such as ports, logistics parks, and energy transformation. The share of revenue continues to rise, and road industry chain operations are expected to become the second growth curve.
Eco-business has shown a steady growth trend over the past few years, with harvests of cagr of 9.14 per cent between 2018 and 2023, and with the scale of innovative scenarios such as intelligent transport systems and green energy integration, the consolidation of policy support for the digital transformation of transport, the technological premium and synergy of the business cluster or the further release of the road chain in the revenue sector
The scale of major road production and the high-speed expansion of Kyuzun Pond are expected to be completed by 2026, with expected revenue growth. 2) Corporate roads, industrial chains, or growth trends, are expected to continue, and revenues are expected to grow.
Cost: The company ' s increased focus on ownership, optimized asset management, and enhanced lean management, and we expect that the company ' s future Māori ratio will continue to rise despite greater uncertainty in market demand. Cost: The company ' s financial cost ratio has risen as a result of the combined exposure of the company to iron and the high speed of expansion in Kyuzun Pond; and other costs.
On the other hand, the cost rate is expected to be more stable as the company continues to drive costs down. As a second-tier company of the Bureau of Commerce, with a national network, the company is expected to increase its assets further in size and increase its income and profitability as the company continues to improve its road network and enhances the efficiency of its investments.
1) Macroeconomic fluctuations result in less than expected growth in traffic, and corporate revenues may fall below expectations if the economy is volatile and demand is weak; 2) fee policy adjustments result in less than expected revenue tolls, and highways should there be tariff cuts in the future
(c) The company's revenue is likely to fall short of expectations in terms of investment in construction and, if the company's road construction and investment fall short of expectations, the company's capacity will be suspended and the company's revenues may fall short of expectations.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.