Thirty-sixty (601360): Political and urban security will become a new growth pole, and the company is China's leading Internet and mobile security product.
And the service provider, with the country's high-level leaders, the security team, the 360 brand under the flag, is leading the way in cyber security, highlighting the importance of new types of security, integrating big data, artificial intelligence, clouds in outbreak control.
A variety of new technologies, such as computing, are becoming a powerful demand for cities to respond to the epidemic. Companies have issued targeted growth plans that have been cleared, and finally, corporate security operations are on the ground and are expected to be in the future.
As cybersecurity gradually emerges into a national strategy, companies place corporate safety on equal footing, urban safety, and traditional Internet operations, and future corporate security will be a key strategic direction. First, starting with the master package, it is not a fully competitive relationship with traditional manufacturers, and it is possible to work together in the future.
The growth of corporate governance, which began in 19 years, has been accompanied by major orders, including orders from Tianjin and Chongqing. More orders are expected to be announced in 2020.
The outbreak has created many new requirements for urban governance, mobile population management, and large data cloud computing capabilities, which will facilitate the expansion of markets for the overall urban safety business at a later stage.
In recent years, companies have invested more than 2 billion dollars a year in research and development.
In 2018, the cost of R & D reached 2.7 billion, all of which guaranteed the company’s technological capacity and competitiveness. East’s financial and intellectual boom, 3600 (601360): political and urban security will become a new growth pole.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Employer.
East Hing Securities Report 360 (601360): Political and urban security will become a new growth pole, Wang Jianhui
To create ideas of value for research, an analysis of his own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies