Information technology software and services are the key years of the “big security” strategy, promoting the security of government and business and helping China to create a national Internet security leader in China. Companies are China's largest Internet and mobile security.
Products and service providers. According to the third-party Erie consultation, as of June 2019, the market penetration rate for company pc safety products was 96.63 per cent, the average number of active monthly users was stable, held at over 500 million, and the security market continued to rank first; and the market penetration rate for the pc browser was higher.
83.12% of the average number of active users per month is 430 million; the average number of active users of mobile safety products is 475 million. With a large user base, new products and businesses can be rapidly promoted and expanded, and large user sizes create stronger barriers to competition for companies.
In April 2019, the Department transferred Chiam Xin’s full shareholdings, amounting to approximately 3,731 million yuan, confirming the investment.
After the transfer is completed, the integrity and uniqueness of the “360” brand is realized. The company uses political security as an important strategic direction and a new business growth point.
In June 2019, the company won a total market value/flow (million yuan) project for 360 Internet safety and innovation estates in Chongqing City, the first cyber security industrial park in south-west China, with a winning sum of approximately US$
The company is actively involved in the ecological and safety construction of the national software platform.
360 browsers, 360 poisons, 360 safety guards, 360 clouds, etc. are actively involved in the adaptation of the country’s chemosynthetic state.
The system is widely used in government agencies, businesses, etc. 360 safety products support national production on a full-line basis, to meet the annual transfer of Chiam Xin shares, and to recognize the return on investment of approximately 2,986 million yuan.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report