On August 5th, the company released its mid-point report 2023 in Shanghai, where it achieved \triangleright in 2023.
Operating income of $1.61 billion, or 46.94 per cent more than the previous year; net return to mothers of $439 million, or 85.74 per cent more than the previous year; net lost profits of $406 million, or 57.88 per cent more than the previous year.
\triangleright achieved operating income of $994 million in the first quarter, an increase of 34.00 per cent in the same year, a rise of 61.42 per cent in the ring, a net gain of $309 million in the mother, a rise of 32.82 per cent in the same year, and a rise of 135.68 per cent in the ring.
The continued expansion of domestic and foreign clients has given impetus to the company’s continued high performance, with companies continuously receiving duplicate orders on existing crystal-crystal mills, locking plant mature customers, and adding new customers, such as carbonated silicon liners. In terms of seaboard progress, the company acquired 12 single-spore cleaning equipment for European customers in February 2023.
Purchase orders, obtained in March from overseas customers for carbonated silicon liner cleaning equipment. The new matrix continues to grow. In addition to the wet cleaning equipment in the main industry, the company has opened semiconductor plating equipment, \triangleright.
Research assistant Zhang Wenyang Tung Tian Tian Tian Tian equipment, pecvd equipment, non-resistance polishing equipment, advanced back-stamping, process equipment and silicon material-substance manufacturing process equipment have continued to build up the product matrix since 2023
1) Cleaning equipment: in addition to the traditional single, chute, and single-hull combination cleaning equipment, the company has developed a new product 1. Sumi Shanghai (688082.sh) in mid-2022:
(ii) Semiconductor plating equipment: company plating equipment release volume, development of processes for the manufacture of logical chips 28-14nm and the following technical nodes, 3d silicon perforated tsv and 2.5d switchboards and new compounds half
3) Placing equipment: The company has introduced new coating equipment for 12 inches of integrated circuit manufacturing, which supports various optical processes including i-line, krf and arf systems; 4) pecvd equipment: the company has introduced a new self-designed pecvd equipment capable of achieving good process performance.
Investment proposals: The United States of America is the leader in the semiconductor equipment industry in Shanghai, with a strong capacity for autonomous development, and we value the company's product development and long-term growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.