Shenmi Shanghai (688082.sh)
Thanks to the growth in domestic semiconductor equipment market demand and the rise in corporate competitive advantage, firms in the first three quarters of 2023 registered a new single-year increase of more than 40%. Hand orders grew by 46% over the same period of the previous year, performance. Looking ahead, companies are actively expanding their product groups in the field of semiconductor equipment, in addition to tilling and cleaning equipment.
Together, since 2020, companies have introduced plating equipment, copper scraping equipment, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, stand-up tube equipment, etc. In 2022, they introduced other equipment, including the front-curve photo-track equipment, pecvd equipment, $1.18 billion, and $1.49 billion, with yoy growing by 27 per cent, 31 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively, and pss, respectively.
There are ample hand orders and high levels of certainty in performance: the company announced that it had signed a new $6.5 billion bill for the first three quarters, which was 2.4 times the year-round, with a high level of certainty in terms of performance growth. Since 2023, the demand for domestic semiconductor industry equipment to replace national production has continued to grow, with companies relying on technological advantages, product maturity and markets.
The rapid growth of new orders has been achieved by the recognition of the field, which continues to deepen the current market. Institutional investors account for a share of the circulation a. Inch crystal mills, companies as domestic leaders in the area of cleaning equipment, will continue to expand the product lines.
The continuing gains are due to an increase in domestic demand for the expansion of crystal-crystal plants. We expect companies to be 53, 40 and 30 times higher in 2023-2025, respectively, and companies, as leading semiconductor cleaners, do not yet fully reflect future growth space and rate purchases.
Science and technology disputes drag on the demand for semiconductor equipment.