U.S.S.S.U. (688082.sh) Electronic semiconductor device iiii New push pressure cleaning platform to catch advanced sealing opportunities
On 14 September 2023, the company announced the launch of a negative pressure cleaning platform to meet the unique needs of Chiplet and other 3d advanced encapsulation structures for the removal of welders. At the same time, the company indicated that it had received an order from a large Chinese manufacturer for the purchase of the product and expected delivery of 24q1.
chiplet contributes to advanced encapsulation development, and the company’s advanced encapsulation is becoming more and more sophisticated in the layout of the product line, which is important in the context of Moor’s laws. By designing different computing units as stand-alone microchips, the chiplet is integrated in separate manufacture using advanced encapsulation techniques and integrated into the complete soc
Chips. Compared to traditional monochip designs, Chiplet has effectively reduced chip design difficulties and significantly improved rates, thereby reducing production costs. The core of Chiplet is high-speed interconnection between nudity cores and a combination of multiple chip rewiring lines, which place high demands on the wiring density between nudity and the quality of signal transmission;
This requires that advanced packagings not only have higher processing accuracy, but also address such issues as radiating heat and power distribution. Cleaning up the welding used after welding back as part of the advanced containment process, the traditional high-water-pressure sewn off the atmosphere is no longer appropriate. There is a need to develop a product that can be cleaned in a vacuum that can improve the surface.
It is water-friendly, allowing liquids to flow in extremely narrow spaces, so that welding residues can be completely removed within a reasonable time; the company ' s pressure-cleaning platform is excellent and can be cleaned up to achieve unaided welding residues. According to the August 2023 proceedings of investors, the company has a more complete line of products in the advanced containment area, from the electroplating equipment.
To coating, visualization, wet etching, wetting, gel removal, metal stripping, incompetence-free polishing, advanced containment flattening and cleaning equipment; 23h1 packages and back-tracking equipment, combined, increased by about 47%; and to build competitive barriers to core technology, with the target market share of cleaning equipment in the Chinese market being 55-60%.
In the area of cleaning equipment, companies have successfully developed the world's first saps/tebo megasound cleaning technology and a single-hull combination cleaning technology, mainly for 12 inches.
In February 2023, the company obtained its first global semiconductor manufacture in Europe.
In March 2023, the company first obtained an order for the purchase of ultra csic carbonated silicone bottom cleaning equipment. Both of the above-mentioned equipment were equipped with space for autonomous research and development.
The state-of-the-art sealing to promote the demand for “medium-way equipment” – the performance of the United States in Shanghai – was recorded by investors in August of that year, with companies now accounting for 25-30% of the market in China, and in the future with 55-60% of the target market in China.
Shanghai, United States of America: The state-owned clean-up technology has helped to expand overseas, and the investment proposal: we maintain the original forecast of the company ' s performance, which is expected to generate revenue from 2023 to 2025 as an incentive for equity to show long-term confidence.
60.3/47.8/40.1 times as much as the international leadership in corporate cleaning technology, with a wide product layout, has benefited from increased demand for “medium-course equipment” as a result of the national production and advanced encapsulation of semiconductor equipment.