Profitability has continued to rise, with equity incentives awarded for the first time to show confidence of 1.610 billion yuan, representing an increase of 46.94 per cent in the same year; net return returns of 439 million yuan, resulting in higher demand + customer/market openings + promotion of new products, with an increase in orders and revenues.
Quarterlyly, the company collected $616/994 million, corresponding to +74.09 per cent/34.00 per cent, mainly: 1) increasing demand for equipment in the domestic semiconductor industry and increasing sales orders; 2) new customer expansion, new market development, etc.
There has been a steady increase in revenue, such as cleaning equipment, and a significant increase in profits, such as the accumulation of investment returns. The growth in entry and Māori has been marked by a significant increase in operating income from 23H1 semiconductor cleaning equipment and other semiconductor equipment (electric plating, scalding, unresponsive scrapping, etc.);2
Highest/lowest price in 52 weeks. Corporate 23h1 investment returns increased considerably over the previous period, mainly by associated firms acm
Research, Rhode International strategic stock distribution earned investment gains of $18.8738 million, compared with $14.8796 million in fair value changes in current holdings of TCM stocks, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The constant gain/loss amount is $208,358,000, of which the main factor is the holding of the middle-hull international strategy The fair value of the shares to be sold returns $27,762,700. Overall, 23h1 companies now account for a non-net profit of $406 million, an increase of 57.88 per cent over the same period, of which 2302 were returned to the mother.
Pecvd+ projective equipment is progressing well ... and continues to march 16 billion dollars in sam. Before this, the company has formed a six-category business map, “Purge + plating + advanced encapsulation + tiles + coating + pecvd”, which supports a doubling of the company sam to $16 billion.
1) 22 years of company ' s introduction of ultrapmaxtmpecvd equipment, equipped with auto-intellectual property cavity, gas distribution devices and cardboard designs, capable of providing better film homogeneity, smaller film stress and less particleic properties: push of the device
2) 22 years before the launch of the company's ultralithtmtrack equipment, using the company's global patent.
Please protect a vertical cross-cutting structure, which should be applied to the 300 mm front-way integrated circuit manufacturing industry, and which can provide even downward flow, high-speed stable robotics, and powerful software systems to meet the high output and other specific needs of clients. The device supports mainstream light.
The company’s coating-over-track equipment is now in the client-end validation stage. The autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) are super-high technical barriers, and equity incentives are awarded for the first time.
The core technology of the company is mainly applied to semiconductor cleaning equipment, non-responsible polishing equipment, and electroplating of copper equipment. These core technologies are developed and acquired by the company on its own, and some of the core technologies have reached international leadership or advanced levels compared to well-known equipment manufacturers in the country and abroad.
Levels, as follows: company saps megasonic cleaning technology applied to cleaning equipment has reached internationally advanced levels, tebo megasonics technology and monocrystal combinationtahoe high-temperature sulphate cleaning technology have reached international leading levels; non-responsiveness applied to polishing equipment
The power polish technology and the ecp electrochemical plating technology applied to advanced encapsulating wet equipment have reached international leadership levels; the multi-oppolar plating technology applied to copper plating equipment and the Furnace stand-pipe technology applied to stand-up furnaces have reached international advanced levels;
Two of the company's new products - the front-curve ultralithtmtrack device, which uses a vertical cross-structure with global patent protection, ultrapmaxtm pecvd equipment with autonomous IP cavities, gas distribution devices and cardboard designs,
According to the August 4 company announcement, the Supervisory Council agreed to a first award date of 3 August 2023 for 508 incentives for the risk of uncertainty in the external environment; the risk of technology overlaps; and the market is not as open as expected.
▪ Profit projections and financial indicators are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.