The product line is expanding, with 1h23 net profit growth of 58%.
Thanks to the growth in domestic semiconductor equipment market demand and the rise in corporate competitive advantage, the 1h23 public revenue grew by almost 50 per cent, and the scale effect was further demonstrated, with net profits growing by 86 per cent, net profits rising by 58 per cent after deduction, and income levels and profit levels rising at an all-time high.
Looking ahead, in addition to deep-deep cleaning equipment, the company has been actively expanding the product mix in the field of semiconductor equipment. Since 2020, the company has introduced plating equipment, copper removal equipment, advanced encapsulation of wetware, building pipe equipment, and so on.
billion yuan and 1.32 billion yuan, while yoy grew by 44 per cent and 37 per cent respectively, eps by $2.22 and 3.04, respectively, national production substitution, 1h23 net profit growth at a high rate: rising demand for equipment from the domestic semiconductor downstream industry and competitive advantages of company products, with companies earning 16.1 in the first half of 2023.
Four hundred million yuan, up 57.9% for yoy, plus one million yuan for eps. On a quarterly basis, in the second quarter the company earned 990 million yuan, 34% for yoy, $310 million for net profit, 32.8% for yoy, $300 million for net profit and 27% for yoy.
Income grew by more than 50 per cent, while income from ecp& stoves and other equipment increased by 42 per cent on a year-on-year basis, advanced by 64 per cent from envelopes and other equipment, rapid growth in company lines, and initial formation of platform-type semiconductor equipment enterprises.
A 4.6 percentage point increase over the same period in the previous year further boosted the net profits of the company. In the inch crystal mill, the company, as a leader in the area of domestic cleaning of equipment, continues to expand its product lines, and will continue to reap the increase in demand for the expansion of domestic crystal mills.
For the leading semiconductor cleaners, valuations do not yet fully reflect future growth space, and give scientific and technological disputes a drag on the growing demand for semiconductor equipment.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.