Sumo Shanghai (688082.sh) front/back/bottom-up platform-based layout, state-of-the-art envelope for "medium-way equipment" requirements
In the first half of 2023, the company achieved operating income of $1.610 billion, an increase of 46.94 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $439 million, an increase of 85.74 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurrent gains and losses, were $406 million, the same as in the previous year.
Cleaning equipment continues to contribute to the company ' s main revenue, with plating, stoves and other leading equipment increasing by 100 per cent over the same period.1 According to data from the Shanghai 23h1 performance in the United States, cleaning equipment (including singles, slots, single slot combinations, etc.) received $986 million, or 61.27 per cent of the total, representing an increase of 26.08 per cent; 2 electroplating, plating, etc.
Trailers and other front-track equipment (plating equipment (front, rear), stand-up tubes and other technologies): revenues of $465 million, or 28.86 per cent of the total, an increase of 125.73 per cent over the same period; advanced envelopes and other back-track equipment (first billion, or 9.87 per cent), an increase of 47.91 per cent over the same period.
For the first time in Europe, the saps sound-wave cleaning equipment received a purchase order from a global semiconductor manufacturer.
The main customers of storage, long power technology, mini-electric power, medium core power, nepes, Jin Rui-chung, Taiwan crystals, Chinese Academy, Microelectronics Institute, Shanghai Integrated Circuit Research and Development Centre, Chinese semiconductor, Slanwe, choren semiconductor, crystallization, Chinese science core, and Wilder have repeated orders and expanded new customers such as the leading manufacturers of carbonated silicon liners in the country.
Sun Peak New client outreach: In February, the company first obtained a purchase order for 12 single-saps megasonic cleaning equipment from a global semiconductor manufacturer in Europe: in March, the company first acquired ultracsic carbonated silicon-line cleaning equipment
Wang Haivey has created barriers to industry, with many core technologies at the international level. In the area of original innovation, companies have a unique space for saps-mixing technology that provides effective and efficient cleaning and solves the problem at advanced technology nodes.
In the area of integration innovation, the company ultra ctahoe (single plus slot), the combined sink washing machine and the single cleaning machine have both an advantage and a cost advantage.
High-temperature sulphuric acid use, reducing the cost of sulphuric acid by 50 to 80%, significantly reducing the treatment of chips plant waste, equity incentives to show long-term confidence - reducing process steps, improving process performance and shortening product production cycles. Corporate core technology (saps megasonics)
Purge technology, tebo megasound cleaning technology, single-crystal cell-based combinations of tahoe high-temperature sulfate cleaning technology, reactive polishing technology, multi-oppolar electroplating technology, ecp electrochemical plating technology, funnace block tube technology) mainly applied to semiconductor cleaning equipment, non-resilient polishing equipment, electrical copper plating equipment, developed autonomously by companies
The state-of-the-art seal drives the demand for “medium-channel” equipment, and the equipment’s production line is gradually being produced. The advanced seals are more advanced at the crystal circle level, using front-track manufacturing to produce back-to-back circuits, and the similarity of the process makes the two.
The same equipment is used for reloading, which is made from front lanes such as ball-planting, plating, light etching, etching, etc. 2.5d/3d wrapstsv technology, which requires photo-engineers, gel-eyes, wet etching equipment, etc. Roots, according to yole data, are projected to be $65 billion in 2027, of which chips are in reverse.
Compared to 66% (4 ptcs down in 2021), 2.5d/3d accounts for 23%, or about $15 billion, and chips are embedded Into encapsulated line equipment with a national production rate of 20%-50% or up to 50%, which overall is 57.7/45.7/38.3 times higher than the traditional envelopes. Company cleaning technology is an international leader and product layout is extensive, benefiting from semiconductor equipment countries.
Production and advanced encapsulation have led to increased demand for “medium-channel equipment”, sustained and increased -a recommendation.