On September 27, the company disclosed its voluntary disclosure of hand orders, which, as at September 27, 2023, amounted to $67,575,599,000.
(Incl. the amount of contracts concluded and not yet awarded) as compared to the total amount of $6,796 million held by the Division as at September 2022, of which $6,526.26.270 million had been awarded and $6,570 million had not been awarded, respectively, as at 27 September 2023
The total amount of hand orders is the same as the total amount of hand orders as at 30 September 2022, based on advanced integrated circuit manufacturing and advanced crystallized circle sealing, cleaning + plating + advanced encapsulating wet + tiles + coating + pecvd:
At this stage, the company’s market share in cleaning equipment is double. Three years ago, the company’s cleaning equipment was concentrated mainly on one piece of equipment, and at this stage, the company’s sink equipment was largely fully processed, including cleaning, decoupling, and some of the more advanced ones.
A 3d-envelope swarm. 80% of the domestic maturation process below 28 nm is single acm research.
Purges, 80% or more of 45 nanometres, so there's a huge potential for the expansion of future slot equipment into domestic cadastral processes. The company's 2302 cleaning equipment is growing at times to develop a supercritical co2 dry cleaning with independent ips, pushing it into the country.
2) Advanced wrapping: product line layouts are complete and copper-plating equipment has a broad national and international perspective. Companies have more complete product lines in advanced containment areas, ranging from plating equipment to coating, visualization, wet etching, wetting, decoupling, metal removal, incompetent polishing, advanced sealing.
As a lead nation for copper-plating equipment, leading companies in the country began to use the front line, plating equipment such as tsv, Damascus plating, and the company got a lot of orders.
The company pushes copper-plating equipment all the way to the international market. In the context of the rapid growth of gpt, ai and the tendency to demand a large amount of advanced encapsulation equipment, the company’s advanced encapsulation equipment is in a significant space. 3) Sterilized tubes: differential pipe ald technology (equilibrium, granularity, and so on)
Improved efficiency, etc.) Imports are organized at home and abroad. Company-developed stand-pipe equipment will include lpcvd, oxidizers, spread furnaces, and tubes.
In the future, the Department will continue to maintain the import of differentiated pipe ald technology from home and abroad.
4) Track and pecvd: The client is well on track, aiming for higher technical standards, and looking forward to opening up future growth space. With respect to the rack equipment, it has arrived at the end of last year, and is expected to enter a small batch of certified production phase by the end of the year.
High, the target for the future is 300 pieces per hour or more. The pecvd side of the device, developed in conjunction with the client, has solved some of the basic problems. The company will use differentiated pecvd technology to achieve evenness, particle size, and film receptivity.
Power and output balance, oriented towards logical and stored customers, with emphasis on pushing the pecvd equipment to the market, the high sales contribution of which is expected to take until 2025 or 2026 The risk of uncertainty in the external environment; the risk of technology overlaps; and the fact that the market is not as open as expected
Risk, downstream expansion, less than expected risk. Data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information, and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.