Newtimesecrities domestic simulation chip taps that thrive with the wind - for the first time, the sacred shares were covered.
• National simulation chip taps, first covered, rated as “strongly recommended” one-year low/highest: St. State shares as our simulation chip taps, mainly in high performance simulation chip design and marketing, condensed
There are two major types of signal chains and power management over 1,200 products. Companies are expanding their existing market areas for consumer electronics, telecommunications, equipment, industrial medicine, etc. At the same time, they are active in new applications such as the grid of fabrics, new energy vehicles, human intelligence, etc.
● Downstream terminal applications helped to boost the industry, simulated the rapid growth of the chip market, which was essential for electronics, with the global simulation chip accounting for 12.2 per cent of the global semiconductor market in 2018, which grew faster than the global average, with the Chinese simulation chip market accounting for more than 50 per cent of the world's total.
According to icinsights, the size of the global simulation chip market in 2018 was approximately $57.4 billion, with a compound growth rate of 5.90 per cent in almost five years; according to the Said think tank, the size of China ' s simulation chip market in 2018 was 22.734 billion yuan, with a combined growth rate of 9.16 per cent in the last five years.
The growth of end-of-pipe smartphones, object network iot, and car outbreaks will drive the continued development of simulation chips. The firm’s deep-farming simulation chip area, which is expected to rise rapidly with the wind of national production substitution, is monopolized by Euro-American and Japanese firms, and China’s simulation chip self-sufficiency is low, with nearly 90% dependent on progress.
At present, Chinese end-makers are pushing for the nationalization of core devices, and the simulation of chip substitution will be a big move. In the area of deep-farming microchip, there is a continuous increase in R & D inputs in terms of product types and quantities with Texas instruments, and in the area of addi, R & D investment as a share of revenue, increasing core competitiveness; and M & As.
The Tate semiconductor and Dalian Alpha complement each other, promising to replicate the development path of the Texas instrument. We believe that chip nationalization offers an excellent opportunity for companies, as model chip pioneers, to take advantage of the wind of national substitution to emerge rapidly.
2019-08-29 São Paulo shares1, terminal field outbreak drive, simulation chip industry continues to move towards good 1.1, simulation chip is the bridge linking the digital world to the natural world
Simulating chips and digital chips are two collusive combinations of chip products dealing with different signals. Simulating integrated circuits refers to integrated circuits made up of capacitors, resistors, transistors, etc. used to process analogue signals. The digital chip does not communicate directly with the natural world and, for ease of processing, usually converts analogue signals to digital signals, which are imported into large ones.
Digital processing systems with high capacity, high speed, and resistance to interference are processed and converted to analogue signal output. Simulation signal processing processes are as follows: by sensor collection of natural signals, simulation chip captures, filters, magnifies, and then by modulus converters transforms analogue signals into a series of digital signals expressed in "0" and "1".
The digital chip is used for the processing and storage of digital signals, and when the digital signal processing is completed, it is transformed into a analogue signal, which is eventually exported to the natural world in the form of sound and image. So, we say, the proposed chip is a bridge that connects the digital world to the natural world.
Simulate signal processing flow diagrams connecting virtual to reality bridgesrealworldory
We call the chip that we use to handle simulating signals a simulation chip. In electronic systems, simulating ic has a lot of functions, such as signal reception, signal magnification, modem signal conversion, steady pressure, comparisons. Common simulating chips have a modem magnifier, a modem converter, a lock link, a power management chip, a comparison, etc.
Digital chips are cpu, mpu, etc. Simulation chips can be divided into three main categories depending on function: power management chips, signal chain chips, digital model converters. The main function of power management chips is to adjust the currents, voltage, signal chain chips.
Capable of signal magnification and filtering, the primary function of the mode converter is to convert digital signals to analogue signals for signal entry or output.
A chip for the responsibility for distribution, detection and other electrical management, which converts the power source from one form to another efficiently and steadily, e.g., converts the communication to a direct current, converts the voltage input of 5v to a voltage output of 10v. The power management chip is used mainly in the areas of computers, communications equipment, cars, industrial control.
Source management chips are mainly in the following categories: ac\dc, stabilizer ldo, battery charger and managementic containing low voltage control circuits.
At the same time, the power management chip also needs to adjust the voltage values of the modules to the working state of the equipment, thereby reducing the power consumption and improving the efficiency of the system.
Power management chip workflow Market size and pattern: According to esticastresearch data, the global power management chip market will be $40.21 billion in 2016, and market size will reach $61.33 billion in 2022, with a compound growth rate of 7.29 per cent.
The power management chip terminal market is dominated by consumer electronics such as mobile phones, tablets, industrial applications, automobile markets and military markets, in which the volume of electronic products such as mobile phones, computers, etc. drops from year to year, “Industry 4.0” drives plant intelligence, industrial applications demand for power management chips, and electric cars require large quantities of power management chips.
Regulating voltage and power, industry and automobiles will become the main growth engine for power management chips in the future. The power management chip market is highly competitive, high-end areas such as cars and industry are largely monopolized by European and American manufacturers, domestic producers are mainly used in consumer electronics markets, dominated by low- and medium-end power management chips, and prices are highly competitive.
Process: Increase integration. In the computer field, Intel integrates multiple power management units into cpu to reduce power consumption. In the consumer electronic field, the power management chip usually integrates multiple sets of ldos, booster converters, audio amplifiers, etc. into one chip, thereby reducing power consumption and costs.
The power semiconductor in the separate device is moving in the direction of integration, and we call the product power semiconductor after the integration of the power separation device and the power management core. Trends: moving from low-end consumer electrons to high-end industries and automobiles.
Large end markets are mobile phones and consumer-type electronics, which are relatively low-end and highly competitive. Most foreign manufacturers focus on high-threshold automobile and industrial power-ic markets, high-demand automobile and industrial power-based technologies, and high product-rich rates, with more than half of the revenue from cars and industry coming from both Di and Linglitre.
Area. The transition from low-end consumer electronics markets to high-end industries and automobile markets became the competitive pattern of the global power management microchip market in 2017, with the largest share of ti and the main type: the primary function of signal chain products is to simulate signals for transmission.
Signal chain products are dominated by radio frequency chips, including filters, magnifiers, radio frequency switches, antennas, etc. Filters are special devices for achieving frequency band filters and filters can allow specific frequency components of the signal to pass through, suppress other frequency components, thus obtaining the required frequency components. Currently, mobile phones are the largest market for filters.
The saw filter is used mainly for low-frequency signals, and the baw filter is used mainly for high-frequency signals. Market size and pattern: based on yoledevelopement data, the global radio frequency chip market was set at $10.1 billion in 2016, and market size is expected to reach $22.8 billion by 2022, with a combined growth rate of 14 per cent.
The RF chip market is highly concentrated, with the top four manufacturers, Shitsu, Kovo, Botun, and Murata, accounting for 85% of the RF chip market. The filtrate market is the largest in the RF chip, and the filter market is largely dominated by the manufacturers of avago, qorvo, etc.
Growth drivers: Radio frequency chips are driven mainly by increased mobile phone performance and increased number of networking devices in the 5g era. The number of cellular frequencies in the 5g era has grown dramatically, and mobile phones need more filters to filter signals.
The modem increases the signal reception capability. Another major growth of the radio-frequency chip comes from the object network, where each device is connected, requires identification using rfid, and the number of network devices is growing as the growth of the radio-frequency chip. Features and main types: data converters are mainly dac and adc, which simulate signals and digital signals.
The signals in the natural world are analogue signals, and human information technology can only handle digital signals expressed in binary codes, so digital signals are required to be converted to analogue signals by digital converters. The chip that converts the analogue signals to digital signals and enters the processor for processing is known as the module converter (adc), which will be processed.
The digital signal is converted to analogue signal output, the chip called the digital converter (dac), which is a bridge linking the real world to the digital world. Market size and pattern: Global data converter market size 2017, based on the data from the Memes consultancy.
A composite growth rate of 6.3 per cent between 2017 and 2023 is expected to reach the end market pattern of the data converter in 2023
Classes are dynamic indicators, mainly sampling rates, resolution, conversion rates, non-distributed dynamic ranges (sfdr), snr, total harmonic loss (thd), etc., where sampling rates determine the amount of data taken over the time of the arc unit, and resolution determines the quality of the signal taken. For compatibility speed, accuracy, and power,
The adc hybrid structure becomes a hot spot. The dac task, in contrast to the adc task, is to convert digital signals into analogue signals, the main indicators of which are also dynamic and static. To pursue speed and accuracy, dac is the preferred structure of a partial current rudder.
Process: The data converter process consists mainly of the following three types: sigebicmos, gaashbt and cmos. Each of the three processes has advantages and disadvantages, of which the advantage is that it is easy to integrate with digital circuits, with a high cut-off frequency and low power consumption; the pressure is high and the disadvantage is high; the sigibicmos cut-off.
The market is increasingly demanding for high-speed adc, dac (sampling rate = 1mps), with only 6% of high-speed data converters and nearly 50% of industry sales.
At the adc level, the accuracy and speed of the sampling are mutually constraining, largely to conform to the 1bit or 6db/multiplier pattern. The most advanced products currently in the industry are from adi, who in 2017 developed 10gsps of 28nm, 12bit products, and are in the lead.
There is a gap between two and three generations, with the top end of the product being 10 gsps, 8bit adc products developed by Chinese College microelectronics. In dac, the adadi is also in the forefront of the industry, with a 28nm process of 12 gsps, 16bit, launched in 2017.
Simulate the life cycle, re-design experience, cyclical weakness, long life cycle, digital chip emphasises the speed of operation versus cost, i.e. the highest rate of operation at the lowest cost.
The digital chip therefore needs to be continuously improved to increase the speed of operation, or to use more advanced processes to increase integration and reduce costs. The digital chip follows Moore’s law that the number of components that can be accommodated on an integrated circuit is doubled every 18-24 months, and therefore the digital chip is quickly updated and replaced.
Life cycles are short. Simulation chips emphasize high alms, very stable performance after design, life expectancy for many products exceeds 10 years, so prices are low, and the long-lived ne5532 and mia741 have been used for almost 50 years.
Simulating chip integration is low, the number of transistors on a simulation chip may be only a few hundred or several thousand, the digital chip is more demanding for the process, usually using the most advanced 7nm process. Simulating chip emphasises high-letter noise, low-real, resistance, capacitation, electron perception can cause noise or loss of authenticity, and the high-end process may affect chip properties.
Yes, the simulation chip usually uses a traditional process of less than 28 nm. Simulation of the ic design requires less resistance and capacitors, adaptation of circuits to actual demand, and the design of circuits relies on the experience of designers. For numeric ic, loss of truth and noise have no effect and therefore these influence factors need not be taken into account.
Simulation circuit designers typically require five years of experience, and senior designers require 10 years of experience. Simulation chip products are diverse, with common arithmetic amplifiers, modem converters, lock rings, power management, chips, comparison machines, etc., each type of product will have a wide range of products depending on the client's needs for product performance.
Large manufacturers, such as the Texas instrument, simulated chip products of more than 100,000, with single products often used in different customers, in different areas, for long life cycles, stable end-user demand, and weak cyclicality. 1.2. Domestic manufacturers gradually break the monopoly, and end-breaks contribute to rapid industry growth.
Global markets continue to grow in size, with China accounting for more than 50% of the market. Simulation chips are essential for electronics, and market size continues to grow, with a global simulation chip accounting for 12.2% of the global semiconductor market in 2018.
Insights data, the size of the global simulation chip market in 2018 was approximately $57.4 billion, an increase of 10.38 per cent over the same period, and a compound increase of 5.90 per cent over the last five years; according to the Sadie think tank, the size of the China simulation chip market in 2018 is shown in figure 11: the rapid growth of the global simulation chip market
Figure 12: China ' s simulation chip market is growing rapidly, and in terms of global simulation chip terminal applications, the area of computers is declining, and communications, industrial controls and cars will be the main drivers of future simulation chip market growth, with communications products accounting for the highest share.
The growth in cellular penetration is increasing, the development of 5g communications is driving the replacement of mobile phones, the demand for analog chips in the communications industry is increasing, and the share of communication products is stable at about 36%. Industrial control is also an important application of simulation chips, which continue to grow with the growing size of the network.
In end-use applications, the share of automobiles rose from 19.80% in 2014 to 24.40% in 2018, and car electrons were also one of the important drivers of the development of the market for analog chips. The end-use smartphones, object networking iot, and car outbreaks drove the development of the simulation chip industry.
1.2.1 The consumer electronics, communications products, the volume of shipments, the demand for simulation chips is stable, the age of 5g communications has come, the cost of cellular radio-frequency chips has risen.
The need for chips is enormous and is concentrated on the front end of the radio frequency, such as power magnifiers, filters, radio frequency switches, and mobile phones are in great demand for analog chips, which are irreplaceable. As communication technology advances, the 2g to 5g bands are increasing, the frequency band upgrades are more demanding for high frequency of analogue chips, the number of cellular radio-frequency chips is increasing, and the performance is improving.
The number of cellular frequency bands in the 2g era is only four, the requirements for the front end of the radio frequency are low, the number of radio frequency chips is low, and the cost of the radio frequency chip is 0.8 dollars. As the number of cellular frequency bands increases, the demand for radio frequency chips increases gradually, and the cost of radio frequency chips in the 3g era is $3.25, and the number of frequency bands in the 4g high end is up to 30.
The cost of the radio frequency chip has increased to $16-20. The number of cellular bands in the 5g era will reach 50, the demand for the radio frequency chip is greater, the number of amplifiers has increased from 5-8 in the 4g era to 7-12, the number of filters has increased from 20-40.
The machine requires a power management chip to control cell charge and module voltage. The most common power management chip in a cell is a stabilizer, a booster, etc.. According to techinsights, the average cost of the power management chip in the mainstream 4g mobile phone was $11 in 2018.
Current mobile simulating chip size: 4g cell phone simulating chip is mainly radio frequency chip and power management chip with an average cost of $12, power management chip with an average cost of $11, and simulation chip with a total cost of $23. According to idc, the global output of smartphones was 1,404 million in 2018.
4g mobile phones accounted for 77% of the total, which measured the size of the global mobile phone simulation chip market in 2018 at approximately $24.794 billion.The 5g mobile phone simulation chip will grow rapidly: in 2019, the 5g commercialized was officially opened, but according to idc, the 5g mobile phone delivery in 2019 was not expected to exceed 0.5% of the total delivery, so 2019 will not be the year 2019.
Over the course of the year, according to Gartner's analysis, 5g mobile phones were shipped or 100 million in 2020. At 5g, mobile phone performance increased and the need for radio-frequency chips increased. In the 5g era, the cost of cellular radio-frequency chips reached $25-40. Assuming that the combined average cost of the 5g mobile phone simulation chip was $43.5, idc projected global cellular output in 2020.
With a volume of 1.7 billion, Gartner projected a volume of 5g mobile phones to arrive at 100 million in 2020, thus estimating that the global market for cellular analogue chips would reach $32,686 billion in 2020, a growth rate of 31.83 per cent.
Domestic electricity production has stabilized demand for simulated chips, and the steady growth of domestic electricity production has driven the expansion of the market for simulated chips. According to the State of the Household Power Industry and Exhibition Report, published by the Korea Electronic Information and Communication Industry Renewal Association, China produces 56.2% of global electricity and more than 750 million household electricity.
The need for power control using simulated chips is enormous. The home simulation chips are mainly medium- and low-end power management chips, with low demand for radio frequency chips, which typically use bluetooth or wifi technology to achieve short distances.
Data show that the size of the market is $50 billion in China, with the country accounting for 56.2% of the world ' s electricity market, and estimates that I am $13 billion in the market size of the entire market. The top three types of chip are mainly mcu, analog chip and power.
Growth power: the size of the domestic electricity market maintains high growth rates, and demand for simulated chips increases in the size of the market. Euromonitor expects the future domestic electricity market to maintain an annual growth rate of about 5.5%, assuming a home power simulation chip market.
The growth rate was also 5.5 per cent, with a global home simulation chip market of $3.3 billion in 2022. 1.2.2, the outbreak of a new energy car market, the rising share of automobiles in electronics relative to the rapidly rising share of new energy cars and automobiles in electronics, and the increased demand for simulation chips in the automobile industry.
In the automobile industry, the demand for power management chip is very high, especially for new energy vehicles such as pure electric cars and hybrid cars, which require power management chip control of currents and voltage. The Automobile Battery Management System (bms) is a system to protect the safety of car lithium batteries, monitor vehicle batteries in real time by sensors and control maximum output.
US$ 118, of which the cost of power management chips is US$ 118, and the electronic cost of new energy vehicles is US$ 704, of which the cost for Poweric is US$ 387. In 2018, China sold 1,048,600 new energy vehicles, an increase of 79.31 per cent compared to the previous year, with new energy vehicles holding more than 10,000 vehicles, accounting for more than 50 per cent of the global market.
The world’s largest new energy car market, the country’s policy of subsidizing new energy vehicles, is expected to sustain high growth in our new energy vehicle in the future, and the new energy car market is in great demand for simulated chips. Car simulation chip market size: based on ihs and pwc data, the global new energy engine 2017.
With 1.42 million vehicles, 83.58 million conventional vehicles, and a market size of $10.12 billion for global car simulation chips, new energy vehicles use $550 million of simulation chips, which are the driving force behind the growth of the entire vehicle market: increased production of new energy vehicles, increased cost of simulation chips in vehicle semiconductors, driven by an increase in the cost of simulation chips.
Simultaneous chip market growth. Global vehicle output will reach 106 million in 2021, of which 7 million are new energy vehicles, 99 million are conventional vehicles, 14,391 million are car simulation chips, and the share of new energy car simulation chips has risen to 18.82 per cent, with the main engine of growth coming from new energy vehicle emissions.
Figure 19: The proportion of chips in traditional cars of all kinds, with microprocessors accounting for 30 per cent, continues to grow in global vehicle production.
1.2.3 Increased growth in the network of objects, transitioning to high-end markets
A million, or more than 25%. 5g communications have increased the density of connectivity to 1 million devices per square kilometre, providing technical support for the development of the property network industry. The network is divided into four levels: the sensor layer, the network layer, the platform layer, and the application layer.
Payment for chips, communication radio frequency chips, identification chips. Simulation chips applied in the indexation layer are mainly rfid radio frequency recognition chips, and each connected device needs to be identified through rfid.
The simulation chip is rfid, with a ratio of 25.70%, and according to icinsights, in 2017, the global network of goods, the engine of growth: the number of iot connections in the 5g era has increased, and demand for rfid has surged. According to ic, the annual network of iot simulated chip markets reached $7.607 billion, and the space for growth was $1.927 billion.
The size of the global Internet chip market is comparable to the size of the global chip market for all kinds of chips in the Internet market.
The surge in network numbers has led to an increase in demand from rfid. The global object network simulation chip growth space is huge. 1.2.4, Industry 4.0 drives plant intelligence.
"Industry 4.0" drives the industrial transition to smartness and the unmanageability of plants. The industrial Internet uses various semiconductor devices, such as processors, sensors, powerware, etc. The report shows that the prototype chip is one of the most important product types in the industrial semiconductor, using dozens of simulation chips per generator.
It's mainly power-management chips. The power and current strength of the machines vary from part to part, and industrial controls measure the size of the industrial chip market: according to the statesta statistics, the proportion of simulation chips in the industrial semiconductor is about 22%, with the global industrial semi-modelic market amounting to $11 billion in 2017.
Growth drivers: Traditional plants have moved to smart plants, and demand for power management chips has increased. According to statista, the size of the industrial simulation chip market will reach $15 billion in 2022, with a projected growth space of $4 billion in 2022 for global industrial modelling.
Figure 26: The size of the industrial simulation chip market (US$ billion) Simulation chip total market space calculation: based on projections from icinsights, benefiting from an end-area demand outbreak, the simulation chip will grow at a combined rate of 6.6 per cent over the next five years, with the strongest growth in the integrated circuit segment market.
The total sale of analog chip in 2018 was $57.4 billion, and is expected to reach $74.8 billion by 2022. According to our calculations, mobile phones, household electricity, cars, access to the Internet and industry are about $25 billion in space to increase the demand for analog chip.
The proposed chip growth space is about $20 billion, roughly the same as the icinsights forecast. 1.3. Medium- and low-end simulation chip markets are highly competitive, high-end markets are monopolized by European and American manufacturers, competition patterns are concentrated in the simulation chip market, and Europe and America are highly monopolistic.
With only 14% self-sufficiency, nearly 90% of the chips depend on imports, and the simulation chip market is monopolized by European and American manufacturers. The early start of large European and American plants, with huge technological advantages, full product lines and a large share of the market. Domestic firms start late, R & D inputs are relatively low, and products are dominated by low- and medium-end power management chips, at prices.
In 2018, the top 10 manufacturers in the global simulation chip market were still monopolized by Euro-American and Japanese producers, accounting for 58% of the total, while Texas instruments were still in the lead.
Domestic manufacturers of low- and medium-end simulation chip markets competed. Early in Europe and America, simulation chip manufacturers had great technological advantages, product performance was ahead, especially in high-end fields such as adc modulators, filters, and domestic manufacturers had little market share.
The main products are low-tech power-management chips, and there is a wide gap between product performance and the U.S. and U.S. manufacturers. China’s simulated chip market is fragmented, with many companies producing power-management chips, which produce high but low value-added products, and a very large number of manufacturers in the market, such as those in Europe and America, such as ams, Shitsu, micro-chip, etc.
The high-end market for simulating chips is largely blocked by European and American manufacturers, and some domestic producers have made some breakthroughs in high-end markets, but their share of the market is low and difficult.
In 2017, the global market for data converters was $3.52 billion, of which Didi accounted for over 40% of the market, Ti for over 20% of the market, and the adc digital converter remained one of the priorities of the foreign-to-Chinese embargo. In the filter industry, high-frequency signal filters usually use saw filters.
The saw filter is largely monopolized by Botón and qorvo, which account for nearly 90% of the market share. The demand side continues to thrive, with supply and demand gaps or up to 950,000 units per month.
According to China Manufacturing 2025, our model self-sufficiency rate reached 40% in 2020 and 70% in 2025. Based on a minimum self-sufficiency rate of 40%, based on a self-sufficiency rate of 50% of the simulated chip, the demand for the home-grown simulation chip is $113.6 billion. According to industry patterns and the Māori ratio analysis of China's simulation chip company, China's simulation chip sales price
The average sale price of an 8-inch crystal circle is $550, extrapolating the 12.5 million analog chips required for a year. Assuming an annual capacity utilization rate of 90%, the annual capacity demand is 13,88 million, with an average monthly capacity of 115 million.
National policies are pushing for the development of a home-grown, home-grown, chip-making industry, and it is expected that future demand for home-grown chip simulations will continue to flourish. The crystal circle used in the manufacture of the chip is mainly 8 inches, with a small proportion using 6 inches.
Analysis shows that the current 8 inch crystal production capacity is severely inadequate, with a future deficit of more than 760,000 pieces per month. The actual gap is likely to be 950,000 pieces of crystal yield, which we can use for simulation chips, minus the production capacity for other processes. The simulation chip is less than 200,000 pieces per month, while the demand is 1.15 million pieces per month, and the actual gap is likely to be 950,000.
In 2022, the market for home-grown simulation chips increased to $296.2 billion. We have already measured the size of the global modelic market, which is expected to reach $74.8 billion by 2022. According to observations by the semiconductor industry, the Chinese semiconductor market accounted for 60% of the global market in 2018.
The national simulation of the ic market continues to account for 60% of the global simulation of the ic market, according to which China's simulation of the iic market in 2022 was estimated to be about 296.2 billion yuan. This represents an increase of 68.9 billion yuan over 2018.
Import simulations of US$ 100 billion. Our model self-sufficiency rate reached 40% in 2020 and 70% in 2025, according to the China Manufacturing 2025 plan. The market share of the home chip, measured at a minimum self-sufficiency rate of 40%, will reach 100 billion yuan. The market share of the home chip will reach 70 billion yuan. The market share of the home chip, measured at a maximum self-sufficiency rate of 70%.
$175 billion, $145 billion in alternative space, new space in China's simulation chip market, national production simulation chip alternative space measurements.
Two of his mountain stones, the development of the São Paulo stock from the ti growth path 2.1, the Texas instrument: the master of the analog chip industry, the Texas instrument is the world's largest manufacturer of analogue circuit technology components, the world's leading semiconductor transnational corporation.
Division, mainly engaged in research, manufacturing and marketing of innovative digital signal processing and analogue circuits, the main products are dsp and simulator chips. The company owns over 100,000 products in the area of analogic. It has a market share of nearly 50% in the dsp market and is also the main supplier of dlp projector visual technology, with a market share.
Over 70%. Texas instruments collected $15,784 million in 2018, and simulations ranked first in the world, with $10.8 billion, or 18% of the global model. In the area of dsp, Ti's main competitors were Adi, Intel, Ngipool, etc., and in the area of mcu, the competitors were Risa, the Imitation Semiconductor, Engjipo,
The Texas instruments focus on autonomous innovation and the cost of R & D is rising steadily. From its inception, the company has maintained innovation, and in 2014-2018, the cost of R & D was $13. 58/12.80/13.70/15.08/1559 million, respectively.
The industrial simulation chip is still the largest downstream application of the Texas instrument, and the Chinese market is the largest market for the Texas instrument. See, the top three end-uses together account for 79% of the revenue from the Texas instrument by region, China City.
In 2014-2018, Texas's Māori instrument rate rose steadily, allowing state instruments to devote their resources and energy to high-tech, high-māori-rate operations and leading companies in the same industry.
In China, both Di and Mercantile have higher Māori rates, which remain at 50-65 per cent of the area, São Paulo shares are used as the home-country champion of simulated chips, Māori levels are on a year-to-year upward trend, but still below 50 per cent, with industry leaders 2.2, Texas instrument growth: the shift from “large and whole” to “special”
The continuous extension of M&As and asset stripping have led to a shift in the Texas instrument from “large and whole” to “special” instruments. The development of the Texas instrument can be divided into two phases: first, the expansion phase, and the development of the Texas instrument towards “large and complete”.
The second stage is the merger phase, in which the Texas instrument moves towards “speciality” . The Texas instrument buys high-quality companies, quickly acquires new technologies, opens new markets. The less performing business is packaged through asset stripping, with the company focusing on dsp, embedded processing and modelling.
The period from 1930 to 1996 was the period of expansion of the operation of the Texas instrument, which was initially engaged in geological exploration operations.
The company encouraged innovation, and staff developed various products such as transistors, integrated circuits, dsps, microprocessors, speech synthesizers, Texas instruments, software, semiconductor manufacturing, etc.
1930s: Gsi, the predecessor of the Texas instrument, established the history of the Texas instrument, dates back to Gsi, a company founded in 1930 to provide geological surveys for the oil industry.
1940s: gsi was acquired, electronic equipment for the military was acquired in 1941 gsi, and during World War II companies made electronic equipment for the United States military, mainly for submarines, radars, and after the war, companies continued to produce electronics and set up various electronic equipment laboratories and manufacturing plants.
1950s: gsi changed its name to a Texas instrument, and research and development personnel invented transistors, integrated circuits. In 1951, gsi changed its name to a Texas instrument (ti). In 1952, the company purchased a patent certificate for the production of transistors from the western United States at a cost of $25,000.
In 1954, Texas instrument workers developed the first silicon semiconductor to work, and the Texas instrument became the only company that could produce silicon transistors on a large scale at the time. In 1958, Kirby developed the first integrated circuit in the world, and as a result he acquired Norbe in 2000.
In the 1960s, the Texas instrument developed a transistor logic chip to integrate computer logic.
In 1964, the Texas instrument developed the first Infrared Pre-Infrared Vigilance System, and since then the company has improved the infrared technology so that it can be used extensively in the fields of military, motor vehicles, ships, cameras, security surveillance. In 1967, the Texas instrument developed the first handheld calculator.
In 1969, the Apollo Moon detection module, with its tile component, went to the moon. 1970s: Inventing microprocessors and speech synthesizers, accomplishing the pc multimedia era.
In 1971, the Texas instrument launched the first single chip microprocessor in the world, giving new impetus to the computer field, and the invention of the microprocessor determined the direction of the semiconductor industry. In 1978, the Texas instrument launched the first single chip linear prognostic speech synthesiser, which became the first product that can replicate analogues electronically.
1980s: Invented dsp chip, opened the door to the digital world. In 1982, the Texas instrument launched the first commercial commercial digital signal processor (dsp) worldwide, which handles 5 million instructions per second. The invention opened the door to the digital world for medical diagnosis, military, electricity.
In 1987, Texas instruments and sun collaborated in the development of the first Ric microprocessor-spark, which became a microprocessor with outreach functions in the first industry, while Texas instruments gradually emerged as leaders in microprocessors, digital chips. In 1987, Texas instruments invented digital optical processing.
(dlp) This technology, which is widely used in the field of projection and image display, has significantly improved the quality and life of images, and is still the dominant player in the dlp market today. In the 1980s, Ti launched the first car with eight bits of adc, officially entering the car simulation chip market.
1990s: Entering the field of power management, building the foundation for portable multimedia applications, using more advanced technology, in 1996 Texas instruments assembled 125 million transistors on single chips, thus creating high-performance, low-capacity processors and providing direction for the microprocessor industry.
The company began a full-scale transformation focusing on the signal processing market. In 1997, the Texas instrument introduced the least-used chip ts320c55xdsp, which established the basis for portable multimedia applications. 2000s: Focused development simulations and embedded processing
In 2003ti launched the first information entertainment system for cars. In 2004, the first single chip solution was introduced in the Texas instrument, integrating digital backbones, srams, logical devices, rf, power source management and simulation features on the same chip. In 2005, Ti launched the first hybrid signal simulation processing system, mainly for simulation purposes.
2010s: breakthrough innovations in technology, focus on high-end processes The development of high-end processes has made ground-breaking progress across the company, with the introduction in 2011 of the first side of the industry micropower-upchargers for energy collection applications, and the first colored graphic calculator with backlights,
In 2012, the first electric sense digital converter in the product industry. In 2018, Texas instruments focused on high-end processes and began to develop nitrogenated nectar materials, and invested $3.2 billion in the construction of a 12-inch crystal-crystal factory, the world’s first M&A phase using a 12-inch crystal circle: integration of analogic resources and abolition of other operations.
From 1996 onwards, the Texas instruments began large-scale acquisitions and asset stripping in order to advance into the simulation chip industry, and according to incomplete statistics, 34 acquisitions were made in 1996-2012. Several of these major acquisitions formed the basis for the development of Ti in the simulationic industry. According to incomplete statistics, they were made public in 1996-2010.
The Division conducted a total of 18 asset divestitures, selling less profitable businesses and sectors to other companies. After completing a series of acquisitions and divestitures, the Texas instrument moved from a “large-and-all” model to a “special” approach, focusing on the areas of simulationic, mcu, and embedded processing.
2000: $7.6 billion in purchases of burr-brown in 2000 and $7.6 billion in purchases of burr-brown. When the acquisitions were completed, Ti consolidated its advantage in the area of data converters and amplifiers, forming the end of power sources from ic to amplifiers and ad/da converters.
2007: Upon the completion of the acquisition of powerprecisions, radio frequency chips and power management chips were upgraded. 2008: acquisition of compergytechnologies and innovativedesignitions
Compergytechnologies focus on power management techniques, and innovativedesign solutions focus on high-speed simulations. When the acquisitions are completed, Ti has been further upgraded in power management.
The main product of ciclon is mosfet. By buying ciclon, Texas instruments opened the door to power semiconductors and successfully launched dc/dc applications. 2011: $6.5 billion in acquisitions of national semiconductors
The U.S. semiconductor is one of the largest semiconductor manufacturers, mainly power management chips, monitors, magnifiers, and so on. In 2011, the Texas facility grew slowly, and by acquiring national semiconductors, Tti increased its competitiveness in areas such as power management chips, with a steady increase in harvests.
Long, becoming the master of the simulation chip industry. National simulation chip taps, promising to replicate the ti growth path to the rapid rise of 3.1, deep-deep simulation chip fields, promising to replicate the Texas instrument growth path.
The São Paulo shares are the flagship of our analog chip industry. The main business is the development and marketing of analog chip, using the Fables model, which is close to the market.
In January 2007, a semiconductor focused on high-performance, high-quality integrated circuit research and development and marketing, was in the vanguard of domestic firms in the area of simulation chips. The company insisted on “diversity, arbitrage, differentiation” as a strategic development objective, with high-performance simulation chips, which developed signal chains and power management.2
Over 1,200 products in large categories, growing at a rate of around 200 to 300 per year, can be used extensively in the areas of communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, automobile electronics, etc., with close to 2,000 end-users.
The ownership structure of the company is stable, and the controlling shareholder is Mr. Zhang Shilong, the founder of the company. The São Paulo shares are effectively controlled by Mr. Zhang Shilong, who holds permanent residence rights in the United States, has a doctorate, has been an engineer at the Department of Railways, a professional design firm, a Texas instrument engineer, a general manager of the State of Harbin, and a limited member of the São Paulo Board of Directors and general manager.
The honors of Quantico's high-level leaders, “Beijing City talent abroad,” “China City expert”, “China's ten seas are the star of entrepreneurship”, “State expert”, “Beijing's 100 military leaders in science and technology,” etc., are based on the concerted action agreement signed by Zhang Shilong, Zhangqin, Wenli, Hong Da Yongtai, Boli Hongya, Harbinjiang and Hong Wai International.
At the same meeting, Borichonja, Harbingia and Hong Wai International, acting in concert, held 45.32 per cent of the shares of Hong Da Yongtai, with a more stable corporate equity structure.
An integrated circuit design business can be divided mainly into the idm model and the tablets model. The idm model, a vertically integrated manufacturing model, refers to a company that, in addition to conducting integrated circuit research and development, owns a proprietary crystal round, sealing and testing plant with a vertical dimension.
The global simulation of the chip-head Texas device is the Idm model. The Fables model, i.e., the integrated circuit design model, refers to the design and sale of integrated circuits only by enterprises, while the rest is entrusted to specialized crystal-rounding plants, and the containment testing plant.
R & D and sales operations require only the organization of R & D teams and the construction of testing laboratories, without the need to purchase expensive production plants and equipment; and are more responsive to market demand and more focused on market products than the Idm model cans.
In the case of suppliers, the company's core is complete with technology. In the case of downstream customers, the company works with North High-Tech, Maung-jung, Tombo, Chessa Hong Kong, and New.
Senior electronic component distributors, such as Terry and Syborg, have formed long-term partnerships and have achieved large-scale sales through the rich end-user resources of the distributors. On the other hand, companies are closely linked to large end-users, such as Midway, Association, Rainbow, Sea Conway, Fish Jumps, and Airflies.
Quality of products and timely technical support, the company has developed a larger group of end-users, and the company has a more visible advantage in the quantity and quality of its customer resources. 3.1.2, M&As create synergies that are expected to replicate the Texas instrument growth path.
The company’s development path is similar to that of the Texas instrument, with autonomous research and development at the start-up stage, market opening through differentiated strategies, and continuous reorientation in its operations, from signal-chain chip to power-management chip management. When the growth slows down, the camp is actively undertaking mergers and acquisitions, gaining rapid access to new technologies, opening up new markets, and generating more revenue.
In the first half of 2018, São Paulo acquired 10,86 million dollars in shares to purchase the company ' s Alpha Simultaneous Technology Co. Ltd., Dalian Alpha operates the power management chip.
The product consists mainly of dc/dc converters, ldo, etc.. Following the acquisition of Dalian Alpha, a new R & D team was formed in Dalian, and corporate R & D capabilities were further strengthened.
The monthly revenue of the Xiaotai semiconductor was $9,961.1 million, with a net profit of 2006.26 million. The Xiaohai semiconductor actually produced two major categories of signal chains and power management, with a low Māori rate for power management products, a low volume of shipments, and a Quanty semiconductor focused on the development and marketing of simulation chips, with more than 100 products and major products.
The products include booster switch stabilizers, pressure switch stabilizers, overpressurizers, lithium battery chargers, mobile soc, linear stabilizers, led drive and ac/dc controllers, etc., and the application domain covers a wide range of areas such as smartphones, mid, top case, lcdtv, etc., which are complementary to the products of the Crown shares.
In the future, the Tate semiconductor will also enter new areas such as wireless charging, fast charging, security, networking, networking, car electronics, etc., with huge market space. São Paulo shares are actively shifting to high-end markets, increasing the volume of supplies of power management chips, creating synergies after the merger is completed, improving the R & D capacity and product quality of São Paulo and achieving greater competition.
3.1.3 The firm ' s financial position is good and profitability is increasing year by year The net profits from corporate collections and repatriations are steadily increasing. In 2014-2018, the shareholdings in the State of St. Helena were stable from $326 million, with a compound growth rate of 14.74 per cent. In response to the downward trend in aggregate demand in the global semiconductor industry, companies are operating in companies.
The rate of increase in net profits from home-grown and home-grown goods has slowed, but as a result of the company’s active expansion in the areas of consumer-type electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, and automobile electronics, it has assisted priority customers in product research and development. At the same time, good progress has been made in the promotion of corporate products in emerging markets such as networking, smart households, and 5g newsletters.
The approval of clients and their entry into the bulk sales phase contributed to the growth of corporate operating income, with a significant increase in management costs in 2018 due to a significant increase in the cost of share payments. In 2018, corporate management costs were as high as 21.24 per cent, an increase of 5.06 percentage points from 2017, and the increase in management costs was significantly higher than the increase in corporate income.
A breakdown of the company ' s administrative costs in 2018 was explained by a significant increase in the cost of shares, professional services and travel costs in 2018, with a significant increase in the cost of shares as a major contributing factor, from $771,500 in 2017 to $539745, an increase of 600 per cent over the same period, and a more stable rate of company sales costs.
The company ' s Māori rate has improved significantly and has gradually increased its profitability. In 2014-2018, the company ' s combined Māori rate generated 60% and 40% of the company ' s revenues in 2018, with a five-year upward trend in both product plates, with a higher technical content of signal chain products, a greater Māori rate than 50%, and a higher Māori rate for power management products.
Significantly, from 32.68 per cent to nearly 40 per cent, the increase in the share of the power management chip income and the significant improvement in its Māori ratio were the main reasons for the company ' s increase in the combined Māori rate in 2018; the company ' s combined net interest rate was stable and remained around 18 per cent.
There is still a significant gap between the Māori Division and industry leaders, but the gap is gradually narrowing. Figure 43: Māori shares and net interest rates in the State of Saints 2014-2018.
On the list of core suppliers for the year, we can see 92 enterprises on the list of selected suppliers, with the largest number of Chinese suppliers, including 33 in Intel, Ngi Pu, Gotsun, Botun, etc., and the second largest number of mainland suppliers, including the top-heavy, Biadei, Kyundong, Swe, Shun Fung, and 25 in Japan.11
Home, 10 in Taiwan, four in Germany, two in Switzerland, two in Korea, and one in Hong Kong, China, and one in the Netherlands, France, and Singapore. Of these, the Simulation Chip Dragonhead Texas instrument is also a core supplier to China, and in 2018 q4, it generated $25.5 million in revenue for the Texas instrument.
U.S. firms occupy an important place in the Chinese supply chain, with smartphones and telecommunications bases still growing at a high rate. Smartphones have become global communications poles and smartphones, and their sales and market share have grown rapidly in recent years.
In China, the volume of mobile phone shipments increased from 3 million in 2010 to 200 million in 2018, with a combined growth rate of 69 per cent in eight years. Despite the impact of trade friction between China and the United States, it is expected to reach 30.9 per cent in 2019.
The second place is Ericsson, Sweden, with a 27% share. The third place is Nokia, Finland, with 21.9%. The first three companies and their names are the same as in the previous year. It is reported that the three companies hold nearly 80% of the share, that the mobile communications base market is forming a monopoly, and that the volume of shipments in 2018 is very small and the 5g base station is the leading technology.
In an effort to promote the nationalization of the core supply chain, the São Paulo shares are expected to benefit from domestic simulation chips. In May 2019, the United States ban placed Chinese high-tech companies like China on the list of entities, hoping to curb China’s heights.
Technology firms have developed in different areas, and Chinese-American trade frictions have begun a new round of competition after a brief period of easing in early 2019. The US-China embargoed goods are mainly high-tech devices such as lock-links, radio-frequency chips, pa, and adc/dac, and are largely monopolized by US firms, and the process of nationalization is still pending.
At the beginning, or at the beginning, domestic manufacturers only have a layout in the field of radio frequency (RF)pa, filters, switches, and lna, and the product can only be partially replaced at the lower end. Overall, radio frequency chips are highly dependent on American suppliers.
We're buying up to $315 million for Texas instruments and D'Adi, São Paulo shares as domestic simulations, chip taps, product performance gaps, product variety gaps and Texas instruments are gradually narrowing, and we're also training local supply-chain incentives, and for China, we're developing indigenous good suppliers in addition to trade frictions.
The alternative to national production can also increase the number of equipment suppliers in order to enhance their bargaining power. 3.3. Power generation is the company’s long-term stable supplier, providing the best chip manufacturing process.
According to the company ' s annual report in 2018, the largest supplier of electricity, accounting for 46.36% of total annual purchases, was also stable as the company ' s largest supplier in 2015-2017. Unlike the São Paulo shares, the industry led the state apparatus and the adi used the Idm model to own their own crystal-crystal manufacturing plant because of the simulation core.
Unlike a digital chip, the simulation chip looks at the tone ratio, reliability and stability, and the life cycle is longer. In the design process, the personal experience of the engineer will play an important role. And, often, the performance of the simulation chip will depend on the level of the process. Unlike the digital chip, the simulation chip must have the right performance.
Two of the most powerful plants in the field of simulation, Texas, and Adi, have their own crystal-crystal mills, with excellent process guarantees that they will always be in a lead position.
In the conglomerates, where the concentration of industries is high, and where power generation is the world ' s largest crystal-round manufacturer, it now accounts for about 60 per cent of the world ' s global crystal-round industrial market, with more mature and advanced processes, higher rates and consistency in the production of crystals, and a larger number of leading chip R & D firms in the industry choosing them as crystal-crystal suppliers.
In addition to power and electricity, there are crystal-crystal manufacturers, such as China-Crys International, that can work together. The reason why the process can remain a leader in the industry is because of the huge investment in power generation, the importance attached to core technicians, in 2015-2018.
The annual increase in expenditure was 85.896 billion yuan in 2018 for R & D, which represented 8.33 per cent of the revenue, a small increase compared to the previous year. R & D accelerated inputs and the number of products increased rapidly.
And selling these two links, where chip R & D design capabilities directly determine product performance, and the better the performance, the higher the client approval, the easier it is to be accepted by the market; working with distributors, the higher the volume of corporate products sold and the higher revenues, the ability to increase investment in R & D, so repeatedly, creating a virtuous circle. R & D and sales are mutually reinforcing.
The annual R & D costs are around 10%, close to the company. Corporate R & D costs and R & D inputs account for more than a thousand more than a year.
The volume is expected to increase at 200-300 a year, competitiveness continues to increase, the industry’s flagship Texas instruments have a pre-emptive advantage, there are more than 100,000 products, and companies now have a large gap in product types and quantities. Some of the company’s products are now close to or identical to those of European and American manufacturers, and products have long rainbows and connections.
The recognition of large enterprises such as Triad, Naking and others has achieved a certain market share in the high-end market, breaking a well-known team of experts from abroad, with obvious technical advantages. Mr. Zhang Shilong, President of the São Paulo Stock Exchange, was an electronic design engineer in the state instruments and was a member of the Quality Review Commission and two terms of office in 2009 and was recognized as a member of the Commission.
The company's research and development team is composed of experienced designers, most of whose core technicians come from well-known manufacturers such as Texas instruments, Mercin, and others. The core technician is the simulation chip.
Important assets in the design industry, the company has strengthened the stability of its core technical staff through effective incentives and human resources protection measures, and no major changes have occurred in the company’s core technical staff over the last two years.
More than a dozen patents have been granted. The company owns a certificate from four sectors, such as the Beijing City Science and Technology Council, for high-tech enterprises and an certificate from the Ministry of Technology and Communications for the recognition of integrated circuit design enterprises. Since 2008, the company has been awarded for many years in a series of awards from the Electronic Engineering Series for the "Ten Chinaic Design Corporation brands".
Technology and autonomously developed multi-products are already at advanced levels, such as micropower operators for static current 300na, amplifiers for working current 300na, high-precision magnifiers for input of a typical 3 μv for disordered voltage, a six-story video drive, and a 1:500 large dynamic backlightled drive.
On the date of signing of the offer, the company’s main core technology and key parameters are shown in the table below: The product is performing well, and it is expected that it will be able to overturn. The company’s high-performance simulation chip product, with its reliable quality, excellent performance and diversity, has gained the trust and recognition of its entire client base, and brand influence is growing.
Corporate products generally have such advantages as low productivity, high resistance to interference, high electrostatic resistance, high reliability, and small green-coloured environmental seals, and work temperature ranges generally reach the industrial level (-40 °C ~ 85 °C) and partly the car level (-40 °C ~ 125 °C).
Products such as micro-power usage amplifiers, high-precision amplifiers, ultra-low-power-comparisons, high-level video filters, etc.
The table below shows how some of the company ' s product performance compares with the performance parameters of the same type of product as the Texas instrument. (1) The company is well developed in the large customer market.
(3) The development and development of new products of the company is progressing well, with a growing variety of products. 4.2. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
We believe that companies will benefit fully in the larger context of the accelerated replacement of semiconductor core equipment and the outbreak of downstream terminal applications. For the first time, the coverage is given to “strong firms that are less developed than expected, less timely policies are in place, more trade frictions are increasing, and competition is increasing.