On the 29th of July, 2019, we re-opened the ship.
São da Boa Vontade: A thick and thin indigenous simulation chip tap: the research and development, design and marketing of the company's deep-farm simulation chip, the company's focus on R & D inputs and product innovation, its outstanding technical strength in the field of signal chain products and power management, and its market competitiveness in the product market, which is now a domestic leader
First high-performance, high-quality chip-design enterprise. At this point, benefiting from the gradual recovery of downstream demand, companies are actively expanding their operations, leading to an increase in sales of related products, and their performance in the second quarter of 19 years.
Continued release of the demand for simulated chips and the gradual advancement of the alternative process of national production of simulated chips, with sufficient growth dynamics in the company’s performance.  Simulation integrated circuit markets are growing steadily, and national production alternatives are wide: downstream applications of simulated chips
In recent years, the global market has grown steadily, with China's simulated chip market increasing at a significantly higher rate than the global level, but the main share of the domestic market remains in the hands of the foreign giants, with vast national alternatives. At present, indigenous model chip producers are building up technology, product types, and brands.
In the coming years, China’s analogue chip market is expected to show a growing competitiveness of local firms and a growing market share.
Over the years, the market has accumulated in terms of technology, expertise, resource integration in the industrial chain, and customer outreach, and there is scope for a greater share of the market. At the same time, companies have actively promoted investment and mergers in the industry, seeking opportunities for expansion, and in 2018 they acquired the Xianhai semiconductor.
Power management product lines, which are expected to develop collaboratively in R & D, product and channel resources in the future, and further consolidate the company’s market position in the area of simulating chip products.
It is significant that it is expected to benefit fully from the growth in demand for signal chains and power-management products in downstream application markets The continued optimization of the corporate product structure, high market competitiveness, sufficient growth dynamics for future performance, and a “buy-in” rating.
Founded in 2007 and listed in 2017, the company has been focusing on the development and marketing of simulation chips, adhering to the concept of “market-oriented, innovation-driven” business, which has evolved over the years and has gained control.
Advanced simulation chip design and development techniques, producing a series of high-reliability and consistent simulation chip products, while establishing efficient networking mechanisms with well-known national and international end-to-end manufacturers, electronic component distributors, crystal manufacturers and encapsulation test manufacturers and continuously upgrading core competitiveness at the entry point of key technologies and priority products
1.1. Deep-farming simulation chip development, rich in signal chains and power management product lines, and more than 1,200 large groups of product models available for sale, can be widely applied in communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical care.
The corporate signal chain simulation chip products are currently dominated by a variety of magnifying chip types (including arithmetic magnifiers, audio voltage and video drivers, etc.), simulation switches and interface circuits, while power management simulation chips cover led drives.
The company’s core technology and a large number of autonomously developed products are in the forefront of the industry, such as the static power flow 300na micropower magnifier and the work flow 300na.
Products such as ultra-low power-comparisons, high-precision amplifiers for input of a typical 3 μv of abnormal voltage voltage, a six-order video drive, a high-dynamic backlight led drive, etc.
The company's signal chain simulation chip consists mainly of operating magnifiers, audio amplifiers, video drives, simulation switches, and logical level conversion chips.
The Division's signal chain simulation chip has been widely applied to consumer electronics, industry, medical, instrumentation, portable and vehicle-borne electronic products.
Corporate power management simulation chip consists mainly of linear stabilizers, dc/dc converters, lithium battery chargers, management chip, etc., with high performance in the field of calming performance, power consumption and conversion range, and is widely used in communications and dissipation.
The company has a relatively centralized share, with Hong Da Yongtai holding 20.94% of the company’s shares and holding the company’s shareholdings.
Coherent action agreements have been signed whereby Poli Hongya, Harbingia and Hiroshi International act as co-actors of Hung Da Yongtai to maintain and consolidate the control of Zhang Shilong. 1.3. Benefiting from warm demand and optimized product structure, corporate performance is at a turning point
(1) The income from the company ' s operations in 2018 was $572 million, an increase of 7.69 per cent in the same year, the net profit from the mother was $104 million, an increase of 10.46 per cent in the same year, a slower increase than in previous years. q1 ' s operating income in 2019 was $112 million, a decrease of 15.82 per cent in the same year.
The decline in corporate performance was mainly due to the pre-trading war, which led to downstream customers going to stock, thereby affecting company sales. But, as the largest home-grown analog chip manufacturer, the company continues to expand the analog chip product line, increasing market competitiveness.
The semi-annual performance forecast for the first half of 2019 was 532.37-6350.68 million yuan in net return profits, a year-on-year increase of 45.94 per cent in 2018, an increase of 2.51 percentage points in the same year. For sub-products, 49.22 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, a year-on-year increase of 3.94 percentage points in net interest rates.
14.15%, an increase of 1.01 percentage points over the same period. The company has benefited from the continuous introduction of new products, the optimized product structure, the concentration of talent in the public sector, and the high priority attached to R & D inputs. The company has a well-established and innovative R & D and management team, the founder of which is Zhang Shilong.
He has worked in a Texas instrument, and the company ' s founder ' s technical team has obtained a Ph.D. or Master ' s degree in the relevant field, served in well-known semiconductor manufacturers such as U.S. Electronics, American semiconductors, and has excellent technical capabilities and extensive product development experience.
Product innovation provides an important talent base; in recent years, corporate R & D inputs have continued to grow, with R & D costs accounting for 16.19 per cent of revenue in 2018, providing important guarantees for the upgrading of the company ' s products and for the development of new products.
The market for simulation integrated circuits is growing steadily, and the national production replacement space is vastly wide. 2.1. Simulation integrated circuit profiles. Integrated circuits can usually be divided into two main categories: analog integrated circuits and digital integrated circuits.
Simulation circuits consisting of resists, capacitors, transistors, etc. are integrated to process integrated circuits that simulate continuous function forms of signal (e.g. sound, light, temperature, etc.); correspondingly, digital integrated circuits, the latter being integrated circuits for computational and logical operation of discrete numbers of word signals (e.g. binary codes in the form of 0 and 1 logical level).
The basic building blocks are the logical door circuits. Common integrated analogue circuits typically include magnifiers, analog switches, interface circuits, wireless and radio frequencyic, data conversion chips, various power management and drive chips, which are designed primarily to crystallize through experienced designers.
Tube-level circuit design and corresponding layout design and simulation: the corresponding digital integration circuits typically include cpu, microprocessors, microcontrols, digital signal processing units, storage units, etc., which are designed mostly through the use of hardware, the description language is automatically integrated with the help of the eda software, and the Buttu line is borrowed.
2.2. Simulation chip markets are growing steadily, China is growing at a higher rate than the global level. Simulation chip markets are segmented by integrated circuits with a wide variety of products, power management and signal chain chips.
It's the two main product markets for simulation chips, which are widely used for almost all electronics, from smartphones, laptops, led monitors, to digital machine beds, medical equipment and auto electronic systems.
A multiplicity of simulation chips, such as magnifiers, led backlight drivers, audio and video drivers, modular/digital converters, interface circuits, etc. Depending on the wide range of downstream applications, the dynamics of the simulation chip market are reflected in industry as a barometer of semiconductor industries.
As a result of changes in the single industrial landscape, price volatility is far from being highly variable in digital chips, such as storage chips and logical circuits, and the overall volatility in the market is relatively small. In 2017, the global simulation chip market was $54.5 billion, an increase of 14.30 per cent.
As clients and markets move from the basic requirements for device functions to the deep demand for overall system performance, a growing number of products are required to have higher accuracy, faster speed, more stable and clear voice, more dynamic images, longer battery use, etc., in this context, represented by magnifiers, converters, power management, etc.
Simultaneous chip technology becomes a new engine for innovation in the electronics industry. From downstream applications, the market for analog chip applications is also fragmented, with communication, auto, industrial control, and consumer electronics being the main application markets for global simulation chips, which together account for 91.3% of the market share of automobiles.
Electronics have increased significantly in recent years, reaching 10.8% of cagr in 2013-2018, the fastest-growing breakdown of global simulation chips, and the country’s market for simulation integrated circuits has generally seen steady growth. In 2017, China’s analogue chip market sales reached $23.26 billion, an increase of 15.42% compared to the previous year, showing a steady growth trend, with an increase significantly higher than the global level.
In terms of application structure, network communication is the largest area of application in the domestic simulation chip market, with a 40% share of the market in 2016. As mobile communication terminals and portable mobile interconnections are growing in scale, the demand for virtual chips in communications is expected to continue to grow in the future. On the other hand, with intelligent homes, wearing equipment, etc.
In addition, the rapid spread of new energy vehicles, industrial intelligence, equipment products, and the rapid increase in demand for analogue chips in the areas of automobile electronics and industrial controls.
It is worth noting that the rate of growth in the industrial control model chip market has been significant, with the industrial control model chip market of $23.14 billion in 2016, a 13.3 per cent increase in the same year. 2.3. The overseas giants dominate the simulation chip market, with large national production replacement space.
From the global market, the top four model chip suppliers in 2018 were Ti, Di, Infinion, and Skyworks, which together accounted for about 39% of the world ' s analog chip market. From the Chinese market, the top four model chip suppliers in 2016 were Ti, Nxp, Infinion, and Skyworks, which together accounted for about 29.9% of the country ' s total.
The market share of the simulation chip. In both the global and the Chinese markets, the model chip suppliers are based on Euro-American enterprises, and there is plenty of room for national production to replace. Table 3: Overview of the simulation chip market
In China, in the area of simulation chips, in the past there was a large gap between the scale of technology and production in national simulation integrated circuits, due to late start and poor process, on the one hand, and world leaders, on the other. In recent years, the rise of home-grown simulation integrated circuits, which have mastered the world’s most advanced technologies, has led to a difference between China’s high-performance simulation integrated circuit levels and the world’s leading ones.
The gradual reduction of distances has not only filled some of the gaps in high-end simulation chips in the country, but has even surpassed the world’s advanced levels in some product areas and has shown good momentum. After several years of development, the country’s integrated circuit companies have accumulated technological experience, and the variety of products is growing.
In the coming years, China’s simulated chip market is expected to show a growing competitiveness of local firms and a growing market share.
Intragenetic growth and synergetic development, simulation of chip taps to construct diversified competitive advantages 3.1. Innerly constructed products, talent, industrial chain synergies and customer resource advantages 3.1. Companies based on signal chains and power management chips, in product R & D, professionals, industrial chains synergies and downstreams
There is a strong market competitive advantage in terms of customer accumulation, and product R & D advantages: companies have worked deep for years in the area of simulation chips, accumulated a number of core technologies and ips in the development and design of signal chain and power management products, and as of 28 July 2019, companies had received 74 patents.
And more than 60 certificates of registration for integrated circuit layout design, which have significant competitive advantages in product overlaps and new product development. The company simulated chip products with high performance, generally with low productivity, high resistance to interference, high electrostatic resistance, high reliability, small green green encapsulations, and typically work temperature ranged to the industrial level (-40circ}c~85circ}c).
Some of them reach the level of automobiles (-40°c ~125°c). The performance indicators for the company’s multi-valued products are the same as or close to those of internationally recognized manufacturers, micro-power magnifiers, high-precision magnifiers, ultra-low-power-comparisons, high-level video filters, etc.
In addition, the simulation of downstream applications of chips has been extensive, and companies have built up significant competitive advantages in product diversification through years of accumulation of research and development.
The product contains more than 1,200 items, covering more than 10 product categories horizontally. In the case of the Led backlight drive, the company ' s product series consists of combined currents, charge pumps, dc/dc presses, etc., with multiple forms of output such as cominary/community sun, 4/6/8/8 co-links, 4/6/8/10 led lamps, etc., with various types of envelopes, such as tsot, dfn, tqf, etc., that can be satisfied.
Expertise: Unlike digital chips, which can be designed and developed with the aid of the eda tool, simulation chips rely more on the development experience and technological accumulation of R & D in the product development process, compared to highly qualified national simulators.
For the sake of scarcity, since its inception, the company has attracted a large number of excellent simulation chip engineers, the founder of the company, Mr. Zhang Shilong, one of the pioneers in the high-performance simulation chip industry in the country, and the core members of the company ' s technology research and development team, the production management team, are also senior international experts with many years of work and management experience in internationally renowned semiconductor companies.
Under the leadership of the core start-up team, the company has developed a pool of excellence in simulating chip research and development, which has given life to the company’s continued growth. In the future, as the company accumulates in the area of simulating chip, the company’s talent and technological advantages are expected to be further highlighted, creating a consistent competitive advantage for the strong.
The synergies in the industrial chain: firm partnerships have been established with downstream known crystal circle manufacturers and sealers, such as power generation, long power technology, where electricity is the world's largest crystal round manufacturer, accounting for over 50 per cent of the world's crystal round workers' market share. Long power technology is the world's third largest containment tester, and companies are working with downstream manufacturers in new processes and new technologies.
In other areas, there is a smooth peer-to-peer mechanism that effectively integrates upstream and downstream resources for product development and enhances the company’s market position and product competitiveness. Clients expand advantage: companies accumulate a wealth of high-quality customer resources, on the one hand, and companies build rich distribution channels.
Do, in a long-term partnership with senior electronic component distributors such as North Koji and Shik Jing, the company also works closely with large end-users such as Midway, Union and Rainbow to keep up with the market demand and continuously optimize product performance and layout. With mature distribution channels, excellent product quality and timely skills
At the same time, the company is actively expanding its business, simulating chip products into the core large customer supply chain, and the market share is in further space. For example, the price of a simulator (non-radio frequency) for a single smart phone is p30.
The value is at least US$ 5 and, given the universal nature of the simulation chip product, its value is similar to that of the different types of machine, and if China were to measure 270 million smartphones in 2019, the value of the analog chip for cellular products alone would be US$ 1.35 billion. Moreover, in the air-conditioning market, the air-conditioning chip consists mainly of master chips, ipm, gbt, etc.
The cost of chips, such as power management chips and adc chips, is about 5% of the cost of air conditioning, and the cost of the simulation chip, measured at 205 million domestic air conditioners delivered in 2018, is 1,435 million dollars in market space for the domestic air conditioner market.
The M & As restructuring is an important strategy for the development of the semiconductor industry, for example, the global simulation of the chip ti, which not only focuses on the nurturing of endogenous business, but also drives companies to move beyond development through multiple M & As: on the one hand, M & As
By expanding the product lines, fast-tracking into new markets, M & As restructuring can, on the other hand, combine the forces of their peers to achieve product strengthening, thereby increasing market share. Companies also focus on actively promoting industrial investment and M & As, while pursuing endogenous development, seeking external development.
In 2018, the company acquired 28.7% of the stock of the Xiaohai semiconductor, making it the first shareholder of the company. The Xiaohai semiconductor focused on simulating the development and marketing of chips, with a series of power-management chip products and an autonomous intellectual property system.
Intra-section 1 is synchronized with the lifting/depressurization of the volume to 20 kk/month in 2012, and the market position is significant. There are currently more than 100 products in Sate, including lift switch stabilizers, decomposition switch stabilizers, over-pressure protections, lithium battery chargers, mobile power soc, linear stabilizers, led drives and ac/dc controllers.
Figure 34: Thai Performance Commitments Through continuous technological innovation, Thai ' s power management products have become more competitive in the e-industry supply chain, especially in China ' s top box market, where the products have been secured by UNDG, Heith, Taiwan Yang
The recognition of masters such as Ji (ali), Rockchip and Reciprocal Microelectronics is widely applied in the areas of ceremonial capboxes, smart cell phones, mid, lcdtv. Xiaotai is in the same product technology as the company, but has different emphasis on product categories and applications, through
This horizontal integration is expected to result in a synergistic development of R & D, products and channel resources on both sides, as well as a further improvement in the industrial layout of power management products, and the consolidation of the company's market position in the area of simulation chip products.
The demand for power management chips for downstream telecommunications and consumer-type electronics is warming, and the output of corporate power management products is expected to grow rapidly, leading to a sustained increase in the size of the harvest. Signal chain products: companies have achieved a number of technological innovations in the area of signal chain products, and products can be rich in product types.
In the future, as communications, consumer-type electronics, industrial controls, medical instruments and automobiles continue to release the electronic demand for signal chain simulation chips, the sales of corporate signal chain products are expected to grow rapidly, and the structure of corporate signal chain products is continuously improving through product renewal and new product development.
The firm's deep-farming high-performance simulation chip market, where product markets are highly competitive, is expected to benefit fully from the downstream application market's growing demand for signal chains and power-management products and the national production replacement process for simulation chips. We expect the company (total market value, collection data updated to 29 July 2019; the rest of the company's eps, pe data, except for São Paulo shares, are derived from a consistent wind expectation).
1) Industry Volatility Risks: The semiconductor design industry is closely linked to the semiconductor industry, which is characterized by cyclical technological developments and cyclical market fluctuations. While the global semiconductor industry has moved towards maturity in recent years, it is becoming less and less volatile, it may still be inherent in the industry.
2) The introduction of new products is less than expected: simulation chip R & D is more specialized, there are some technical barriers, technology development is difficult and research and development inputs are high, and if the new generation of product R & D is less advanced than expected, the size of the firm's core business is being collected
(b) Clients are unable to develop as expected: a change in the firm's stable partnership with its major clients, or the failure of the client to do so, may have a negative impact on the company's business performance as a result of the slowdown in downstream demand.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board