Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center St. State stock (300661.sz) Increase (first rating) Deep Farm Simulation of rich and thin ic, National Production Substitutes for Opportunities
The São Paulo shares are a scarce, pure simulator design enterprise. The public sector has a rich variety of products, with more than 1,200 products available for sale, covering mainly signal chains and power management. With the introduction of new products and the optimization of product structures, the profitability of companies has steadily increased.
The global acceleration in the substitution of chips in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, etc., while actively expanding the new applications, is back on the growth track, and growth is expected to continue in the coming years, driven by national production and the expansion of new products. Simulationic characteristics: high thresholds, market fragmentation, long product cycles, relatively low capital input, and profitability
Stable. The simulation chip industry has a number of features, the shortage of simulation engineers, and the need for excellent engineers for long-term careers: 2 non-standard design and manufacturing, more like an art: 3 lack of specialized design self-motivated software and complex testing requirements: 3 has many specialized products and market fragmentation.
ic is larger and generic products have higher profitability. 4 products have a long life cycle, relatively low relative capital inputs, and stable profitability.
The power management chip accounts for half the wall. Simulation ic accounts for 13% of the semiconductor market, stable growth, with the Chinese market growing faster. The downstream application market distribution shows that the ratio of communications to cars is increasing, with the power management class simulating about 60% by specific function, the most important city.
Inner + extended corporate barriers to competition, domestic substitution has become an opportunity for companies to develop. Inner : companies have strong R & D teams, and R & D spending continues to rise.
More than 200 new products are introduced each year, which will be the driving force behind the sustained growth in corporate performance and the maintenance of a high Māori rate. Exploiting: in 2018, the company acquired 28.7% of the shares of the Xiaohai semiconductor, the primary power source management, which not only generated $11.49 million in investment revenue for the company in the first half of 2019, but also contributed to the growth of the company.
The horizontal integration of São Paulo into the business area of simulation chips has been enhanced, further improving the industrial profile of companies. Moreover, with the maturity of the company’s product performance and increased recognition, the company’s flagship role as a national model will benefit in depth from the trend towards national production substitution in the semiconductor sector.
Shin Ji-won I. St. John's shares: Simulation chip taps, thick thin hairs (i) lead home-grown simulation chip designs.
The São Paulo shares were created in 2007 and listed in 2017 on a deep-seated business board, a firm that specializes in high-performance, high-quality integrated circuit chip design and marketing, and the only one in the current deep stock market that specializes in simulation chip design and marketing.
Multiple products are available for sale, signal chain chips include a variety of magnifier chips (including operation magnifiers, audio amplifiers and video drives, etc.), simulators and interface circuits, while power management simulator chips cover led drive circuits and linear stabilizers, dc/dc converters, cpu power monitoring circuits, lithium batteries, etc.
Non-drive power source management products such as charge management chips, over-pressure protection circuits, and load switches. Corporate products are widely used in a wide range of areas such as communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobile electronics, etc.
The company uses the Fables business model, which focuses on the design and sale of simulated chips. The integrated circuit design industry has two business models, idm and fables.
Fabless can concentrate resources on R & D, design, high value added at the core, facilitate rapid growth of firms, and also have a higher market sensitivity that can respond quickly to market demand and push out new products suitable for market development.
(ii) Optimization of product structure and steady increase in profitability Source management products are growing at a higher and rising rate, and companies are now focusing on power management products.
The business Māori rate has been rising steadily, leading to an overall increase in Māori rates. 2019h1 company power liner Māori rate of 42.26 per cent (+4.33 pcts year-on-year); signal chain product Māori rate of 58.31 per cent (+2.2 pcts year-on-year). The company ' s Māori rate has been driven by a change in product mix, with new products being introduced.
There is still room for a rise in corporate Māori rates compared to the international giants in the industry. In 2018, a high Māori rate, a high market-ownership advantage, and the technological and capital strength to phase out low Māori product lines, were found in the industry.
The company is a leader in the domestic analogue circuit industry, and its products compete directly with some of the above-mentioned international corporate products in the domestic market, with a first-class level of performance and quality versus similar international products, some of the key parameters being superior to foreign brands, all of which are in the right direction and already in the right shape.
As the company’s market share expands, and technology and production processes accumulate, it is expected that the company’s Māori ratio will continue to rise. Second, the analogic industry: high barriers, power management chips occupy half of the world’s mountains.
(i) Modelic accounts for 13% of the semiconductor market and stable growth Modelic for 13% of the semiconductor market. Semiconductor is divided into integrated circuits (ic) and other semiconductors, and integrated circuits are divided into analogue circuits, digital circuits, storage units, microprocessors, etc.
• Storage microprocessors – Logic – Simulation of optical — sensor — brakes — separation devices — with robust growth in the global simulation chip market and faster growth in the Chinese market. 2017, Global simulation.
Chip sales amounted to $52.7 billion, about 12.8 per cent of the semiconductor market size, with a compound growth rate of 3.76 per cent over the past 10 years. China ' s simulated chip market sales in 2017 amounted to $23.26 billion.
Figure 11: China's Simulation Chip Market Simulation ic is the fastest growing in semiconductors. The rise of applications related to the network of things has led to a significant increase in the demand for sensors, power pipes, and analogue signal processors; with battery power and interconnection of consumer products and electricity
The demand for major branch-based integrated circuits that simulate integrated circuits will increase significantly as a result of the emergence of motor vehicles: in terms of human intelligence, the industry is trying to use hybrid signalic solutions for the processing of big amounts of data needed to complete machine learning at lower capacity, which drives the demand for high function adc (mode converter)
Quest. According to icinsights, the simulation chip market compound growth rate for 2017-2022 will be 6.6 per cent, to be at the top of the semiconductor industry. (ii) Modelic industry characteristics: high threshold, market fragmentation, long product cycles
Simulating a continuous signal. Simulating an integrated circuit refers mainly to an integrated circuit that is integrated by a simulation circuit consisting of resists, capacitors, transistors, etc., and is used to process a continuous function form that simulates a signal (e.g. sound, light, temperature, etc.); this corresponds to a digital integrated circuit, which is a discrete digital message.
, i.e., the integration of arithmetic and logical operations (e.g., binary codes in the form of 0 and 1 logarithm) circuits, the basic component of which is a logical door circuit.
The main reason for entry barriers is the lack of skilled simulation engineers to design and simulate circuits more like art, which do not require significant financial input, but rather focus on functionality (performance, functional value), quality and reliability.
In general, simulation companies enjoy a relatively long product cycle and strong profitability. In particular, there is a shortage of simulation engineers. Excellent engineers need a long career: currently global models have a relative shortage of design engineers, and most university courses focus on digital design, leading to large numbers.
Courses are short, and most simulation engineers learn their skills through on-the-job training, so it may take them two to three times as much time to be as efficient as digital engineers. And excellent simulation engineers need long experience, most of the best simulators.
* Non-standard design and manufacture, more like an art. While digital design focuses on using advanced cos process technology to improve speed and performance and reduce costs and costs
It is usually an output signal requiring very precise specifications, usually made of bipolar, bicos and bcd, which is the result of a carefully matched circuit design and manufacturing process, with no “standard” process.
There is a lack of specialized design automation software and complex testing requirements. The availability of electronic design automation software is heavily skewed towards digital circuit design. The structure is very different in analogue circuits. They are often highly customized for specific customers and applications.
The impact of software automation during the process. At the same time, analogue circuit tests are more complex, and word testers only need to sample high or low voltage levels at known times, and simulators must be able to measure intermediate voltage levels and impose stricter standards on the publicity of precision simulations.
Simulation tests also need to take into account the noise and distortion generated by the resistors and capacitors used in the system. There are many specialized products and the market is fragmented. On the one hand, many of the analogic products are designed for a client and are therefore often proprietary and purchased exclusively.
On the other hand, the market for analogic products is fragmented and consists of many niche markets. Different end-users have a sense of simulation in terms of accuracy, speed, power, linearity and signal size.
The commercial model is attractive to generic product suppliers because of the low profitability, shorter product cycles, higher client concentration and higher volatility.
Smaller. Standard products usually have longer product cycles and generate higher profits. Figure 14: Generalized and asic analogues of asic mimics of
The product has a long life cycle, relatively low capital inputs, and the profits are stable. Under Moore's law, digital circuits require advanced manufacturing processes to reduce chip sizes and improve performance, and require substantial investment in capital. On the contrary, the capital requirements for producing analogue circuits are much lower, because
As a result of the relatively low capital input of analogue companies to design and manufacture for higher circuit signature sizes to guarantee high accuracy and high stress tolerance, analog products usually have longer life spans than digital products, and are slow to update, with a greater focus on performance than on prices, for example, in industrial markets.
Long life means that income overlaps with the expansion of corporate goods and product accumulation. Due to the long life cycle of products, the simulators will add up to the volume of products.
Time is increasing. The life cycle of digitalic products is much shorter, and overlapping receipts enable simulation companies to generate relatively more stable income and financial indicators. (iii) At the end of the application: the share of communications cars is increasing and power management is the highest.
The market for downstream applications of simulation chips is widely distributed, and the ratio of communications and cars is increasing. Simulation chips are widely applied to wireless communications, automobiles, industry, consumer electronics, computers, etc. In this case, communications and automobiles account for nearly 60 per cent of the most important market by specific function.
Source management is to keep power voltage within acceptable limits, as excessive changes in voltage can be harmful to electronics. Power management can be used for a variety of applications, ranging from computers and smart phones to cars and power plants.
• Appliliers & comparators • interface • powermanage
& voltagereferences power management is expected to continue to grow. The simulation for power management will continue to grow as the demand for voltage and current levels in complex electronic systems rises and the need to separate the system from the power supply.
According to Yole ' s Global Power Management Market Tracking Report, the Power Management Market will reach $18 billion in 2022, with a combined annual growth rate of 3.6% expected between 2016 and 2020. Technology trends in power management are smaller, more efficient, and more integrated.
There are several technological trends: one smaller area: technical upgrading of portable products; two more efficient: government norms for time-use and energy-saving use by batteries; three simpler and easier to use; four more integrated, with a sustained reduction in programme costs for end-users; and five process designs to shorten the development cycle.
(iv) Competition patterns: the foreign giants dominate the market, the national production space is huge, the overseas giants dominate the market, and the dominant effects are evident. According to icinsights, in 2018, the top 10 firms in the global market were from the United States, Japan, and Europe, with the top five accounting for the market share.
75%. Simulation chips have a long history of international flagship enterprise development, with clear advantages in terms of pool of talent, technological accumulation, financing, and market recognition, leading the simulation chip market.
(i) Insider: strong R & D power is built on core competitiveness, new products drive performance growth Integrated circuit design industry is technology-intensive and enterprise-owned R & D capacity is core competitiveness. Simulation chip industry relies heavily on long-term enterprise mapping and accumulation of practices, and core R & D personnel are often required
Five to ten years of design experience will be able to complete the chip design independently, so experienced researchers and firms have technologically settled as the core asset of the simulation chip design enterprise. Management background professionals, corporate R & D, are more numerous.
The Ministry ' s Professional Design Engineer, the Texas Instrument Engineer, brings together a core group of research and development personnel from industry and academia. In 2018, the company had 221 technology R & D personnel, representing 67.38 per cent of the total company workforce, laying a solid foundation for its ongoing R & D.
In 2018, the company spent $93 million on R & D, or 16.26 per cent of its business inputs. In 2018, compared to the international giants, the share of investment in instrumentation and development in Texas continued to rise.
9.88%, Adenauer 18.79%, Silijah 14.85%, corporate R & D inputs have reached their average water ratio. Company products are being designed in a positive direction, intellectual property is growing. Companies have accumulated extensive experience in the development of high-performance integrated circuit products through sustained R & D investments, and companies have developed extensive experience in high-performance simulations of integrated circuits.
Products are developed autonomously and are being designed. While new products continue to be introduced, circuit design techniques, product performance quality and intellectual property are steadily increasing. By the second quarter of 2019, the Department had cumulatively obtained 54 patents (36 of which are invention patents) and registered integrated circuits.
The average number of new products is more than 200 per year, driving the company’s performance to increase. On average, companies are working on about 50 items a year, bringing in 200 to 300 products related to power management and signal chain products.
The new product has a somewhat delayed impact on the company’s performance, which may take two to three years to become a dominant product, and the company’s current performance growth has benefited from products introduced by the company in previous years. The company’s extensive and sustained introduction of new product research and development will ensure a stable future performance improvement for the company.
New strategic industries have emerged, and the Internet + artificial intelligence has become the engine of future growth. New areas of the country’s dynamic growth, such as networking, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, auto electrons, medical electronics, wearing equipment, 5g communications, etc., need to be built on and supported by the integrated circuit industry.
The Bureau, especially in the direction of products such as smart terminal backscreen led drive, light flash drive, lithium battery power management, ultra-micropower power management, over-pressure protection, interface management, load management, etc., has launched a new, sophisticated model chip product.
In the areas of drones, smart manufacturing, and so on, the benefits of product performance and the rapid response of the market will continue to be a promising engine for the future growth of the company. (ii) Outreach: acquisition of the Xianhai semiconductor and realization of synergies
M & As is an important strategy for the semiconductor industry. Especially for analogue circuits, the design of the chip requires a strong combination of design capabilities, including control and understanding of the physical properties of the device, the design techniques of the top-up structure, and the design capabilities of the cloth wires, which often take more than five years.
Thus, M&As provide firms with a fast-tracked way to acquire technology, expand city ownership, and even acquire talent. Historically, Texas instruments have entered new markets through M&As, or have enhanced firms’ competitiveness in segmenting markets.
The global simulation tap Texas instrument was created in 1954 and began a full-scale transformation in 1996 focusing on the semiconductor market for signal processing. Since 1996, it has implemented more than 30 M&As. In the area of analogue circuits, in 2000, Ti spent $7.6 billion on the purchase of the simulation chip manufacturer burr-brown.
It consolidated its advantage in the field of data converters and amplifiers and formed a wide range of products ranging from power-ic to amplifiers, i.e., a-d/d-a converters; in 2011, Ti spent another $6.5 billion on the acquisition of American national semiconductors (ns), laying the foundation for the next generation of signal processing techniques.
For the world’s top semiconductor companies, especially in the area of analogue circuits, more than half of the world’s companies buy the power management company Xiao Tai. On 3 December 2018, the company disclosed an agreement on the transfer of shares with the Xiang Qian Xian Qian, which buys the Qiang Qian Qian for its own funds in the amount of 114,8 million yuan.
The semiconductor, 28.7% of its equity, became the first major shareholder of the Xiaotai semiconductor. According to the company announcement, the Xiaohai semiconductor is a high-quality company in the field of power management chips. The Xiaohai semiconductor was created in 2008 as the original setup of analogue power chips in the fields of nbiot, mobile power, ott, mobile phones, etc.
The company has a well-established research and development team. Currently, there are more than 100 species of the product, including decomposition, booster, lithium battery charge management, mobile power-specific chips, car cores.
It has a wide range of product layouts. Its products have now been acquired by Taiwan ' s AfDB (mtk), Heath, Taiwan 's Yangji (ali), Rockchip (Ricchip), and Sicilian Electronics.
There is a wide range of applications for -Thai power management products, which are complementary to the company’s product breakdown. Through continuous innovation in research and development, -Tai has taken over the electronics supply chain, especially in the domestic top box area.
According to the company announcement, the Xinhai semiconductor will also enter new areas of wireless charge, fast charge, network, network, network, security, bms (cell management) and motor electronics, with a promising market future. After the acquisition, the Xinhai semiconductor power source management chip product is expected to be in line with the São Paulo share signal chain and power management.
In the first half of 2019, the tae semiconductor performed well and the company’s investment returns increased significantly. The company’s investment returns benefited from the outbreak of the tws blue earpiece market, and the demand for blue earr chargers increased dramatically, resulting in the company’s return on investment.
In the first two quarters of 2019, the Xinhai semiconductor contributed 4,192,200 and 7.2958 million investments, respectively. In addition to direct investment returns, the rapid growth of the Xinhai semiconductor enhanced the horizontal integration of the State in the area of simulating chip operations and further refined the company’s industrial layout.
(iii) Product performance industry leads, national production replaces opportunities for development Corporate product performance is excellent, multiple product performance indicators are internationally advanced and even leading. Simulation of circuit product development trends is high accuracy, low power consumption, small encapsulation, high resistance to interference.
Research and development has accumulated, and product lines such as company micro-power magnifiers, high-precision magnifiers, ultra-low-power-comparisons, high-level video filters, etc., have exceeded even foreign-based indicators of the same type of product, breaking foreign manufacturers ' monopoly in these product areas.
Companies continue to invest in research and development, and the development of new products is gradually becoming multifunctional, high-end, and complex. As the product expands to higher-end levels and performance indicators evolve, more new products are introduced into more advanced processes and wrappings, such as the pressure bcd process, wlcsp wrapping, etc.
Companies have always had strict requirements for indicators of reliability, resistance, good production rates, and stability of chip products, which are at a level of national and international industrial excellence and are more competitive in the markets at the middle and lower end, while expanding to higher end markets. After more than a decade, companies have accumulated some of them.
Products have reached international standards, but some high-end simulation chips, such as high-speed high-precision ad/da converters, still play a catch-up role. But the company’s research and development team has continued to develop in a variety of areas, such as ad/da data conversion technology, high-pressure processes, simulation of integrated circuit technology, and design simulation environment development.
So far, these products have started to take orders, and the related products are also being developed, and the product lines are expanding. Simulation of home-grown alternatives to chips is a clear trend. Companies act as leaders in their domestic industries.
Roads are one of China’s most import-dependent industries. In the area of analogue circuits, domestic markets are dominated by foreign companies because of the longer growth cycles of the industry and the late start of Chinese analogue circuits.
Given the diversity of supply channels, especially for domestic chip producers, the country is now making a major effort to develop home-grown chips, and with the development and maturity of home-grown chip performance, the trend has come to simulate the replacement of home-grown chips, and companies are expected to benefit from this historic opportunity as home-grown home-grown model chip taps.
Another manifestation of the replacement of national production is the continued increase in the sales and sales of companies to mainland producers. In the first half of 2019, the share of companies in mainland China was 45.47%, a marked increase over the previous period.
For example, in the area of consumer electronics, domestic producers such as China, Mi, oppo, and vivo have increased their domestic chip support, providing fertile ground for home-grown chip simulations to grow. National production needs to be replaced by the world’s largest e-consumption market, and home-grown chips have logistics plus post-sale suits.
According to data from the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the national electronic information industry generated 16.9 trillion yuan in sales in 2018, of which 10.6 trillion yuan was generated by electronic manufacturing, the world’s largest electronic information product manufacturing base and consumer market. National producers have the advantage of being close to markets and customers, facilitating companies’ access to downstream markets.
Dynamic information to capture market trends. It can also reduce logistics costs for customers, facilitate understanding of customers’ needs and provide timely after-sales services for customers.
In the past, a large number of electronic manufacturers did not choose home-grown chips, but in a trend towards national production substitution, more customers did not choose home-grown chips because of product quality protection.
Clients start testing corporate products and discover that the company's performance is not lost to foreign producers. Companies, as home-grown simulation chip taps, are expected to gain results from a reputational effect in terms of product performance, quality, supply capacity, and product development.
Large clients recognize that depth benefits from the boom in national production alternatives, and that there is much room for future growth. The integrated circuit industry is constantly improving. The upstream integrated circuit design industry is closely linked to the crystal-crystal processing and chip encapsulation testing industry.
By 2017, we had more than 100 operating crystalline production lines, with as many as 30 new plants or production lines under construction; in 2017, our chip encapsulation test was the world's number one sales. For the integrated circuit design industry, the integrated circuit industrial chain is favourable.
(iv) There are a wide range of product applications, with a large number of customers. Companies currently have more than 1,200 products in 16 major categories.
The Department announced that in 2018, the area of downstream applications of corporate products was extensive and averaged at about 40 per cent of non-cellular consumption, 30 per cent of mobile phones and communications equipment, and 30 per cent of public medical and motor electronics. In the first half of the year, the share of corporate applications remained generally stable, and the share of automobiles in electronics rose.
Companies use marketing-based, direct marketing-backed business to improve marketing efficiency effectively. The company is widely distributed downstream, with more end-users, and its own distribution channels are difficult to build, and there is a high risk of collection. And the distributor, as a bridge between chip producers and end-users, can serve as a customer for the company, tracking and maintaining customer relations.
The company effectively avoids the risk of a single customer being dependent on more than 2,000 end-users. According to the company announcement, the state currently deals with 2,000 million customers, with more fragmented customers and the largest customers.
The share of transactions does not exceed 5%. So the fluctuations in the performance of individual clients do not make a big impact on the performance of companies.
2019q2 is back on track, with growth in the next few years, driven by national production and the expansion of new products, the Māori rate of corporate power management and signal chain products is expected to increase continuously, mainly because of the introduction of new products and the upgrading of manufacturing processes.
▪ Research and development and the diffusion of new products are not as risky as expected. More than 50 projects are under development each year, such as new projects that are not developed as expected, or new products that are not recognized by the market, the company may
The company is located in semiconductor design, and is closely related to the semiconductor sector. The semiconductor sector has a technology development and market cyclicality, if the semiconductor sector is too volatile.
In addition, the semiconductor sector is heavily influenced by policy, and the uncertainty of policy may have an impact on the future development of the company. Market competition increases the risk.
In order to compete directly with international firms, there may also be a risk that competitors will soon score through mergers and acquisitions, and then average the final rating, as the average market investment