As oil prices go up, the recovery of the sea-coat tap will be to the point where China Sea oil uniforms (6010808) opec will be productively profitable to keep oil prices high.
Oec production benefits from keeping the price of oil high, and Brazil’s deep water has been tendered at the beginning of the year. Opec has been confined to production for a year and a half, Brent’s oil prices have been running for eight months since last October, when they exceeded $60 per barrel, and oil prices have increased by 32 per cent in the first half of the year, surpassing the profit/loss balance line for some deep water projects, and Brazil’s deep water line.
International oil companies, such as Shell, are already in demand at the beginning of the year. We expect that oil prices will remain medium-high below the production limits of Oec, which will facilitate the sustained recovery of deep water projects.
Real investment in China and China increased during the first quarter of the year. Globaldata projects estimated that total capital expenditure on shallow, deep and ultra-deep-water hydrocarbon projects would cost $4970 million, 325 million and 4290 billion, respectively, between 2018 and 2025.
The ihs report shows a 5 per cent increase in global expenditure on offshore exploration and exploitation in 2017 and a projected 6 per cent increase in 2018. The mid-sea oil release strategy guide for 2018 shows that capital expenditure on exploration and exploitation is expected to reach a peak for offshore exploration and hydrocarbon development in 2018
The company is the leader of the offshore offshore oil and gas service industry in Asia, with 32 self-propelled, 11 semi-submarine drilling platforms with the country’s most powerful offshore oil and gas exploration and development equipment and technology. The market for company services is expanding year by year.
Large, new contracts in 2018 covered regions such as domestic, Europe, the Middle East, South-East Asia, and the Americas. Corporate debt ratings were lower than the four major international integrated oil uniform companies, and higher than those of other companies of the same type.
The company serves the largest oilfields off the coast of Asia, has a complete industrial chain, has a high rate of domestic urban and offshore markets, and with rising oil prices, it is expected that the company will increase the price of its services.
There has been a significant drop in demand for internationally produced oil and a failure to implement the oil and gas reform program.
The China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, a conjoining road to urban highland, figure 1: sea drilling platform
China Sea Oil Fields Services Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “China Sea Oil Clothes”) is the largest integrated oilfield service provider in Asia, running through all stages of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production. Hundreds of millions of yuan, with a total of 14,000 employees. The company's total equity is 4,772 million shares, of which a share of 2.96 billion shares.
The company is owned by China Ocean Oil Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the group”) and holds a share of 70.86% of the company. The company is a mega-state enterprise directly under the State Assets Control Council of the State Council and was established in 1982 as China's largest producer of offshore hydrocarbons.
2. Business description: Industrial chain complete Company for the largest offshore oil and gas fields in Asia, running through all phases of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production. Operations are divided into four main categories: surveying services, drilling services, oilfield technical services
The company has the capacity to drill shallow and deep water, operating more than 40 drilling platforms, including 32 self-propelled drilling platforms for shallow water, 11 semi-submarine drilling platforms for deep water, exceeding national counterparts, and has formed a full deep water ladder operation of 750 metres, 1,500 metres and 3,000 metres.
By the end of 2017, the Group ' s drilling platforms had 22 operating in China ' s waters, 5 in Norway ' s North Sea, Mexico, Indonesia, etc., and 16 were on standby.
The operating day and day of the company’s drilling platform clearly show a correlation with the price of oil.
During the period of high oil prices in 2011-2014, particularly with semi-submarine drilling platforms, which operate at greater depth and are used more heavily in international markets, such as Europe, Africa, South America, etc., with high levels of marketization and the most volatile operating day fees, and most closely linked to oil prices, and with more self-propelled drilling platforms for domestic waters.
Business volumes can be secured, but operating day fees are influenced by the domestic market, usually with less volatility. Business income from drilling operations is highly flexible with oil prices. Business income from company drilling plates shows a clear pattern of oil price fluctuations, with the semi-submarine platform operating day fees gradually being raised over the last two years.
The business’s operating income rose gradually between 2011 and 2014, with oil prices falling back and down sharply in 2014 and oil prices rising steadily after they hit the bottom wells and rising at a much higher rate than before.
The period is not highly relevant to oil prices, but the decline in the Māori rate was particularly marked when oil prices rebounded significantly in 2014, mainly due to the simultaneous sharp decline in operating fees and operating days, which made it difficult to cover the cost of operations. The price of oil rebounded significantly from year to year, investment in marine exploration and exploitation increased significantly, and the Māori rate reversed from negative to negative.
As oil prices gradually rise by more than $70 per barrel, investments in deep water exploration and development will increase, and the Māori rate will increase. Figure 7: Drilling services collection and acceleration.
The company’s Norwegian drilling rigs have already reduced the value of all goodwill and parts of the drilling platform, and there is less likelihood of a significant further impairment in the context of the international warming of the garment industry.
In 2018, the company ' s 17 self-propelled drilling platforms and three semi-submarine drilling platforms had year-round operations, the same as in 2017, but the remaining drilling platforms were contracted for a significantly better number of days than in 2017.
The company is able to provide the full range of offshore oil field technology services, including specialized services such as surveying wells, drilling fluids, direction wells, solidified wells, completion of wells, repair of wells, and increased production of oil fields. The spin-oriented tools developed by the company have been technologically upgraded, both vertically tilted and vertically drilled.
The company is expected to achieve a breakthrough in integrated offshore oil field technical services operations during the recovery period, with a similar increase in workload and Maori rates. The size of oil field technical services operations and drilling plates are flat, and business profits are almost back to historical highs.
The Division set a double “50 per cent” target, with 50 per cent of each of the planned equipment and technical plates, while the technological plate was light, the target had been achieved on the same scale as the drilling plate, operating income had been equal to the drilling plate for two consecutive years, and Māori had recovered faster, reaching 1.4 billion yuan, well above the other plates, well above the historical Māori mark of 1.7 billion yuan.
As a core segment of the company, the company already has the experience and capacity to provide technical services in offshore oil fields, and is expected to reach a new level of integrated applications through integrated operations in the future.
The revenue from the oil field service plate, which is now the company’s most profitable plate, with a positive 20 per cent increase in 2017, is also reflected in a similarity to oil prices. The plate is expected to grow in the future, even if the price is maintained at $55/bpb in 2017.
Figure 12: Oilfield technical services collection and acceleration Figure 13: Gross profits from oil field technical services
More than 130 workboats, platform supply vessels, oil-field watch boats, etc., can provide a full range of operational support and services for offshore oil and gas exploration, development, engineering and oil and gas field production. In 2017, the Consortium operated its own fleet for 28424 days, an increase of 4512 days.
Ship operations, as a companion to other parts of the company, fluctuate with the fluctuations in other sections, but Māori rates are on a long-term downward trend due to relatively low technology levels and strong industry competition, and are projected to be in the future, figure 15: Ship services harvests and growth rates
Figure 16: Māori ship service rate, 2.4 object exploration and engineering survey services
Higher, determining the success rate of subsequent wells is an important part of the upstream plate. Landfields were still down in 2017, later than the restoration of services in the terrestrial oil fields. Large investments were made in the prior period, supported by higher and long-term oil prices, mainly because of future offshore oil and gas developments, which are more heavy than deep water and deep water.
The world ' s first-largest garment company, Sremberghe, has stripped itself of its offshore exploration operations, but domestic production may not be sufficient to sustain production in the future because of years of lower deposits in the China Sea, and its investment in marine exploration began to rebound in 2017, and will continue to rise in the future, with a clear trend towards a future workload for the China Sea oil exploration operations.
The company is the main supplier for offshore surveying and surveying in China, which reached 100% in 2017, and is also a strong competitor in the global exploration market. By the end of 2017, the company was in possession.
Five tugboats, one specialized seismic vessel, two submarine cable fleets and five integrated marine engineering survey vessels, two deep water support vessels, and capital expenditures for oil exploration and exploitation in China and China have been consistent, equal to and consistent with past years of exploration.
Investments declined, and the ratio of reserves declined faster, with the split taking place in 2017, with China Sea oil achieving an increase in exploration investment in 2017, while the investment in exploitation remained essentially at its 2016 level. The resumption of exploration operations was focused on three-dimensional seismic collection and data processing, with the intention of restoring the ratio faster.
Data-processing costs are relatively high. Business income from exploration operations is more relevant to oil prices, and the Māori rate is more flexible, falling from 25% to 10% in 2014, and Māori has been negative to us despite the increase in portfolio revenues in 2017.
It is believed that the plate will be the final recovery in international offshore hydrocarbon exploration and development, but with the greatest elasticity, and that most of the country’s offshore areas have not been subjected to three-dimensional seismic exploration, with large domestic market space alone. As the international market recovers, corporate offshore markets will be more dominant in the future than before.
Figure 19: Collection and acceleration of exploration camps for prospecting and engineering
The company achieved operating income of $17.4 billion in 2017, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies was $33 million, an increase of $11.5 billion over the previous year, resulting in a reversal of losses.
The company's operations, which have been dominated by offshore drilling over the years, have evolved into two major operations, namely, drilling wells and technical services, with technical services accounting for the smallest of the four business portfolios and the fastest rebounding performance, with the Māori rate rising to 20% in 2017. According to the company's "50%" policy, future company oilfield technical services will take over.
By half of the company’s revenue, this would help to increase the value of the company’s operations abroad, which traditionally ranged between 20 and 30%, were affected in 2017 by the environment of the international offshore oil-shirt market, and were expected to decrease in the future with the maritime markets of Norway, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, etc.
The company’s share of overseas operations will increase as oil prices decline. It is expected that with the drilling platform, the company’s Māori rate will rebound as it has remained at around 40% over the past years, with the largest share of operating income contributing most to the company’s performance.
Corporate ship operations are similar to drilling operations, with relatively heavy assets and a slower recovery in Maori rates. The company’s technical services in oilfields have historically been around 20%, but it has the smallest fixed assets in four major operations, with a light asset advantage that allows it to rebound in the suit business.
The recovery was the fastest. While the investment in oil exploration in the parent company China Sea Oil grew in 2017, the share of overseas operations in company exploration and survey operations remained high, and the Māori rate remained negative owing to the global market downturn. Oil prices rose, operating income grew faster, and management costs and sales costs as a proportion of operating income.
In terms of reduction, the financial cost as a share of operating income increased. In 2017, the company ' s non-recurrent gains and losses totalled $514 million, which was the main factor contributing to the reversal of the losses.
Industry; subcontracting, material consumption and personnel remuneration are higher in the cost of technical services in the oil fields, at 26 per cent to the right, and equipment depreciation is less than 12 per cent in the light asset industry.
Figure 27: Cost composition of technical services in the field  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  Employee remuneration  Subcontracting and leasing
▪ Repair and material consumption  Repair and material consumption  Subcontracting and leasing
1. Increased oil prices and a significant increase in upstream investment in exploration and development. Figure 28: Average price of Brent crude oil
Figure 29: Capital expenditure on three barrels of oil
According to International Information Services ihs projections, global upstream investment in exploration and exploitation is projected to rise from $382 billion in 2017, a recovery of 10 per cent to $422 billion in 2018; global marine exploration and exploitation expenditure will return to modest growth of 6.0 per cent to $172.6 billion in 2018, based on an increase of 5.0 per cent in 2017.
In 2016, international oil prices continued their downward trend in 2014 and fell to the bottom of a minimum of more than $20. The demand for offshore drilling, ships and technical services fell sharply, and operating prices were not able to cover operating costs.
As a result of the company ' s overseas operations, which account for more than a quarter of the total, and the continued significant depreciation of the United States dollar in 2017, the company experienced greater fluctuations in exchange gains and losses in 2016 and 2017, with exchange losses peaking in 2017.
Close to RMB 390 million, exceeding the total profit in 2017. 3. Marine oil and gas remain the dominant direction for the future.
Sea oil and gas reserves account for about a quarter of global reserves, and are an essential part of global hydrocarbon exploration and development that cannot be ignored. And offshore oil and gas exploration and exploitation must use drilling platforms and the protective barriers of associated ships.
In April 2018, bp Vice-President Samiiskander said at a press conference that the company would resume oil and gas deep water exploration on the Egyptian Mediterranean coast. According to the ihs report, the total capital expenditure of the Global Upstream Exploration and Development Corporation would continue to rise in 2018, with both deep water and land operations growing faster.
There has been an increase in the global use of drilling platforms, particularly semi-submarine platforms. In April 2018, Brazil sold 22 of the 47 auction blocks of the coastline, raising $2.4 billion, and accepted more than seven times the lowest bid.
The number of offshore drilling rigs is highly relevant to oil prices. From historical data on bakerhughes, the number of global offshore drilling rigs typically lags behind six months to one year in international oil prices. As crude oil prices fell rapidly in 2014, the rate of recovery was relatively slow and weaker than the rate of recovery in oil prices in 2009 and the number of international active offshore drilling rigs.
The lag has increased. International oil prices have reached their bottom for two years since the beginning of 2016, and the number of international active offshore drilling rigs in 2018 has remained at its lowest in recent years, falling from a peak of 330 in 2014 to a low of about 190 in 2018.
3.3 The shallow water market will recover earlier than deep water. Global marine crude oil production in 2015 reached 29 per cent of total global production, but there are significant differences in yields, technology requirements and resource distribution across depths.
The world’s deep water and ultra-deep water oil and gas production is mainly in four countries: Brazil, the United States, Angola, and Norway, where the United States and Brazil account for almost 90% of the market. The huge oil and gas reserves in Brazil’s lower salt are expected to dominate the global market for deep water and hyperdeep water, with production increasing from 1.3 million barrels per day in 2005.
By 2015, 2.2 million barrels per day. Global production of shallow water oil and gas is concentrated in Saudi Arabia and Mexico, among others. Mexico is also a potential maritime oil and gas producer, with resources mainly in shallow waters, but bound by national oil and gas industry regimes and oil prices, and production has declined steadily in recent years.
Since shallow-water areas account for more than half of the total marine reserves and real production can also account for about 70 per cent of total marine production, operating costs and investment thresholds are expected to be relatively deep and deeper, and recovery rates are expected to be faster. New contracts have been signed by companies covering the Middle East and the Americas, and are expected to be associated with the global shallow waters.
3.4 Deep water will compensate for the production bottlenecks of shale oil. US shale oil mining dominates. The major high-cost crude oil production worldwide is concentrated in shale oil, oil sand and oil.
Millions of barrels per day, or 16% of global crude oil production, but as oil prices fell in previous years, this share had fallen to $126 billion by the end of 2016, nearly halved from 2014. Although deep-water hydrocarbon technology matured earlier than shale oil, it has been growing at a slower pace than shale rock in recent years.
In the United States, shale oil has a greater advantage than deep-water oil and gas, with shorter, more efficient recovery weeks and lower operating costs. Shale oil and gas have bottlenecks, and deep-water oil and gas remain spatial. Shale oil and gas produce more in the United States alone.
The cost of mining is also high, with the production of five shale oil and gas basins in the United States alone being unable to meet the global demand for additional oil and gas, and subject to the capacity and cost constraints of inland oil pipelines, railways, roads, ports. Among these, the spot price of shale oil in the permain basin, the largest source of shale oil in the United States, and the spot price in Houston.
The main reason is that the oil pipeline is not sufficiently powerful to meet the rapidly growing local production of crude oil. As the “sweet spot” is developed, the cost of shale oil mining will increase.
International oil companies and national oil companies have long recognized this. In April of this year, 22 of the 47 auction blocks of the coastline were sold in Brazil’s salt-deep bidding bid, raising $2.4 billion and receiving more than seven times the lowest bid. China’s oil and gas collection
The consortium, the China Petroleum Industries Group, and the three major oil companies of China Ocean Petroleum Corporation in Brazil have also been involved in the bidding process, and their respective coalitions have all won the bid. 3.5 The situation in the south of Haiti has long been conducive to the development of offshore oil and gas.
In November 2017, natural gas hydrates became our 173rd mineral species under the Mineral Resources Act. The success of a test of flammable ice in the South China Sea Sea Sea in 2017 demonstrated the country ' s success in achieving a breakthrough and success in finding a mine in this area, as well as an autonomous innovation in theory, technology, engineering, equipment, a historic breakthrough and a turning point towards industrialization.
As this area evolves, flammable ice is being exploited or commercialized to solve the problem of the country’s shortage of natural gas. Companies, as domestic offshore pipelines, will benefit in the long run from research and exploitation of sea flammable ice.
According to the United States Energy Information Agency, our oil reserves in the South China Sea region are more than 50 billion tons. But, subject to the higher costs of deep water and ultra-deep water oil and gas exploration and the complex geopolitical landscape of the region, our oil and gas development in the region is less late.
The increase in demand from sources and the growing attractiveness of oil and gas development in the South China Sea will also help to consolidate our maritime sovereignty by gaining access to both resources and the region’s presence and influence. Oil prices are in the midst of a long-term rise, and upstream exploration and development operations have been lost.
The price boom, the company's record lowest performance and significant impairments, the increase in investment in oil exploration and development globally and in China and China in 2017, the improvement in the company's performance, with the two most important plate drilling wells and oilfields, both showing positive growth in the Māori rate of technical services, with Māori returning at the fastest rate of 20 per cent, resulting in a more rapid increase in the Māori rate of technical services.
The company is the leader of the offshore oil and gas services industry in Asia, with 32 self-propelled and 11 semi-submarine drilling platforms. The company’s operating equipment and markets have expanded over the past 10 years, with new contracts in 2018 covering the interior, Europe, and Europe.
In the Middle East, South-East Asia and the Americas region, leading offshore firms directly benefit from the growth of international and China-China upstream investment. Globaldata projects that total capital expenditure on shallow, deep and ultra-deep-water hydrocarbon projects between 2018 and 2025 will require 4970, respectively.
$3250 million and $42.9 billion. According to the ihs report, the share of global offshore exploration capital increased by 5 per cent in 2017 and is projected to rise by 6 per cent in 2018. In mid-2018, the publication of the oil strategy showed that expenditure on exploration capital was projected to reach $60-70 billion in 18 years, an increase from actual capital expenditure in 2017.
30.8 per cent, according to China Sea Oil's first quarterly report in 2018, real capital expenditure increased by 11.4 per cent, compared to the same period last year, when corporate debt was rated below the four major international integrated oil and gas companies, and higher than the International Oceanic Gas Service, and we assumed that the average price of Brent crude oil in the next three years would be in the range of $70-80 per barrel, projected at 2018.
At sea, the recovery lags behind that of the Land Field Services Corporation, which currently operates mainly in the operation of drilling platforms, oil field technical services, ship services, where drilling platforms and ships are heavily financed, where the net rate of production is relatively low, while the field technical services plate is in the higher case of light-asset Māori.
According to the dual “50%” requirement for company equipment services and technical services, as well as the continued high level of financial input into the oil technology plate during the low oil price period, the future market gains and net rates of companies will be higher than in the previous gas cycle, so that the company’s market net rate of about 1.4 times higher in 2017 is significantly higher than that of other international offshore drilling suits.
At the same time, the market net rate for the main domestic garment firms is generally between 1 and 9 times, while the company’s 1.39 times the market net still has a comparative advantage, adding the company to the Asian coast combined with the above, we believe that with the recovery in crude oil prices, the company’s upstream investment will continue to grow, shallow water and so on.
Deep water operations and daily fees will be restored, and the company's advantage as a offshore pipeline will be gradually reduced implementation of OTCs too low.
The impact of crude oil stocks and the weakening of Opec’s impact on international oil prices, and the market’s confidence in the recovery of international oil prices, the increase in shale oil and gas production in the United States is far greater than expected.
US shale oil, the largest increase in international crude oil markets in recent years, has had a crucial impact on the changes in international oil prices in recent years. If shale oil and gas production are much higher than is expected, it will significantly increase US crude oil stocks and significantly reduce the influence of oec on the international crude oil market.
The largest demand for international crude oil comes from finished oils, which, if so, will lead to excess demand for finished oil and reduce demand for international crude oil. International oil prices have fallen sharply.
The oil and gas reform programme has not been implemented in a substantive way. The oil and gas reforms in the country will have a significant impact on the oil and gas industry in the coming years, with the main starting point being the decentralization of power and the break-up of monopolies.
The company's clients (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) use the information of legal compliance to produce this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.