South Mountain Aluminium Industries (600219.sh) Metal Materials Group Aluminium Oxide Production for Growth and Extension of Overseas Industrial Chains
On April 29, the company published a 24-year quarterly report, 1024 million won, an average Australian aluminium oxide price of US$ 366.69/tonne, ring ratio of +8.87 per cent, and 23-year printing of 1. South Mountain Aluminium Company Review: Enhancing Shareholder Return, Showing Confidence in Development.
2 million tonnes Aluminium Oxide Project is fully operational, q1 Aluminium Oxide sales are up, sale prices are up, profit margins are expanded for super-aluminium products, corporate ring q1 +0.98 to $7,724 million.
Gross profit ring ratio +12.65 million to $1,606 million, Māori ring ratio + 1.89 percentage points to 3. Nansan Aluminium Industry: Aluminium Oxide Release, Airboard Technology Relysing Aluminium Indicator Transfers result in higher net profit base for the parent, q1 deducting non-mortality net profit
2023.8.26 The cash flow situation has improved significantly. q1 Aluminium Oxide sales have increased, prices have increased, net cash inflows from operating activities have reached 1,157 million yuan, ring + 6.54 per cent, company cash flows have improved significantly.
Planning for an expansion of 2 million tons of aluminium oxide and continued expansion of the overseas industrial chain layout. The company’s 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project is fully operational in 23 years. To further enhance the value added of Indonesian bauxite minerals, the company proposes to produce a further 1 million tons of aluminium oxide per year in the Indonesian industrial park.
The company is currently building 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production capacity in Indo-Nei, and the delivery of the above-mentioned aluminium oxide project will not only satisfy electricity.
Dismantling the demand for aluminium production and further refining the company’s chain layout of the offshore aluminium industry can also increase the value added of mining production and meet local consumption demand. At the same time, the size and profitability of the company will be further enhanced to enhance its competitiveness in the international market.
Prices of products have fallen sharply; aluminium oxide and motor panels have not released as much as expected; production output has risen significantly: RMB exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market