q1 exceeded expectations and expected Indonesian business growth \triangleright gain 830 million yuan, i.e. 62.9%, ring ratio + 30.0%. Aluminium Oxide operations in Indonesia boosted q1.
Aluminium oxides in Indonesia are priced at a very high price. Volume: 2 million tons of aluminium oxides in Indonesia were gradually produced in 2023, \triangleright 24q1 was fully produced, q1 is expected to produce 500,000 tons of aluminium oxides in Indonesia, and domestic electrolytic aluminium is fully produced.
Aluminium processing is properly produced. Price: 24q1 domestic ring price +82/t, aluminium oxide ring ratio +183/tonne, pre-arcotic ring ratio + 232/tonne, power coal price ratio ~56/t. We measure the pre-tax profit of electrolytic aluminium q1 in Shandong region at $1735/t (not including profit from upstream aluminium oxide).
In 2023, the net profit per ton was $668 per ton, the increase in the price of 24q1 Aluminium Oxide overseas was higher, and the net profit of the Indonesian company Oxide Aluminium per ton was more than $800 per ton. > 24q1 performance split: Aluminium electrolysis and Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia increased the profits of the main industry. > 24q1 performance split.
Main gains: Māori (+296 million); fees and taxes (+94 million, mainly financial costs) Qiuzu-kun Sun Erchun
The company plans to invest $6.06 billion to build 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium and 260,000 tons of carbon in Indonesia.
In addition, in April 2024, the company announced an investment of $6.33 billion in Indonesia to build 2 million tons of aluminium oxide production capacity in two instalments, in anticipation of future business growth in Indonesia. 2) Promotion of the separation of Indonesian operations into the Hong Kong Federation Board of Directors.
2. The semi-annual report of 2022 in the South Mountain Aluminium Industry (600219.sz) will be able to access the international capital market through capital market financing in Hong Kong, helping companies to deepen their operations in and around Indonesia and continue to exploit the advantages of the Indonesian bauxite resources.
High-speed growth, and large space for motor panel demand. More stringent requirements for automobile energy use will accelerate, motor demand will accelerate, industry will have a high potential, and companies will continue to benefit from a better product structure, which is now 200,000 tons of productive capacity, and will actively contribute to the construction of three 200,000 tons of productive capacity.
Airboards need to warm up, while future c919 aircraft will be produced, opening up space for domestic airboard needs, companies will grow up, companies will continue to have excellent product structures as the size of the plates increases. Investment proposals: company Aluminium Oxide Indonesia continues to be released, upstream raw materials are secure, motor panels, sails
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.