The rapid growth of the main business and the sustained release of new productive capacity rose by 185.64 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by $19.121 billion, compared to the same period the previous year.
The main reason for this is that since 2022, the overall photovoltaic market has continued to grow, with high downstream demand, high-purity silicon, and continued tight markets and tight supply and demand, resulting in a 61.62 per cent increase in sales prices compared to the same period last year. In addition, the third phase (b) project of the Department of Public Affairs reached production at the beginning of the year, and the release of new capacity boosted sales by 76.37 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in an overall increase of 76.37 per cent.
The operating income increased significantly over the same period last year; the company’s cost advantage was clear, with the company selling two tons in 2022, yielding 1,338 tons of multi-crystal silicon and 13.29 million tons respectively. At the same time, product quality was maintained at a high level, with more than 99 per cent of the single silicon silicon material and a bulk sale of high-n-silicon material, which was made up of mainstream downstream visitors.
In terms of cost control, companies use digitization, automation, intelligent management to increase efficiency, reduce labour costs through scalability, strictly regulate the procurement process, reduce procurement costs, and upgrade production processes to reduce raw materials and energy consumption.
A range of methods, such as this cost management system and a well-developed operating mechanism, have kept the company’s costs and costs at a lower and more competitive level in the industry for a long time. In 2022, the cost of a company’s multi-crystal silicon sales dropped from $75.21 per kilogram to $58.48 per kilogram, with an average annual cost of $58.56 per kilogram and a Maori rate of 74.69 per cent.
In terms of quality, the company, through fine management, constantly reduces the impurity of the table metal Zhang Wenchen, increases the purity and stability of the product. In 2022, the share of the output of the company's single crystallized material was more than 99%.
More than 99 per cent of these products reach the level of the third level of electronics and more than 90 per cent reach the level of the first level of electronics, far above the target requirements of the national standard for solar-grade polysilicon (gb/t25074-2017) specialty products, located in the industry
Investment Recommendations: The development of new energy sources such as photovoltaics has become a global consensus, with companies that are photovoltaic crystalline silicon-heads, which are important in the Jho spring velves chain, and with the release of multiple crystal silicon supplies, prices are expected to return rationally, and companies are new.
Increasing production capacity will also continue to be released, and it will continue to yield excellent performance. We expect 2023-2025 to be the year of home-grown energy for all: silicon is rising, corporate performance is rising -- 0.7, 11.5 and 12.1 times the equivalent, maintaining a “buy-a-a” investment rating.
Large-scale energy: silicon material performance increased in the first half of the year, and industries were built.