In 2019, the company sold 805 million litres of beer.
Over 50% of the sales of China's major brands have accelerated the high-end process. Seventeen years of re-entry have opened the path to a change in the corporate world, with revenue generation per capita constantly refreshing; 18 years of the Qingjia National Investment Commission's mixed list; 20 years of the Corporate Equity Incentive Programme, three years of block restrictions, measured.
At the top of the trend, ton prices will become new profit growth points, and future ton prices in the beer industry will continue to rise. 1) Products: positioning, R & D, and strategy three axes plus code high end.
Consumer demand side reforms drive product development, corporate R & D capabilities flourish, product strategies keep pace with market changes, and promote continuous high-end upgrading of the monolith. 2) Channels: short-term drinking power, long-term up-link support surges. Underline: Shandong, Shaanxito Bottom, company search for space along the Yellow River.
The channel model of "big customer plus micro-operated" deepens the market distribution network and individual distributors continue to grow in efficiency. On-line: a stereo sales platform for "electrator plus shop plus factory" has been set up, with multiplatform sales multiplying over a period of 11 years.
The best brand matrix, popular entertainment marketing, and so forth. The brand value is passed through such opportunities as New York Fashion Week, the World Cup, and brand status is raised.
Cost/cost changes, assuming that the gross sales spread remains unchanged, the 2-8% increase in the price increases for the beneficiary product plus the growth in the structural upgrading company directly increases net profits by 8-32%. With excess capacity, plant reduction efficiency gains are realized. As a result of overcapacity in the alcohol industry as a whole, the company plans to close 10 plants and upgrade production over the next 3-5 years.
In addition to short-term one-time costs, long-term benefits projections and investment ratings can be reduced, such as manufacturing and labour: companies have a significant long-term competitive advantage as industry leaders, high profitability in the context of price increases + output upgrading, short-term environmental policies are more slowly folded and summer temperatures are advanced or higher.
With the growth in the number of companies, this equity incentive is a sign of the firm's determination to develop over the long term, and it is hoped that it will be further advanced by a 100-year-old wind and a 100-year-old wind and a 100-year-old wind and a 100-year-on-a-year-on, high-end start of a new journey.
The company was founded in 1903 as a hundred-year-old country card with a strong historical base, and is now guided by the high-end, diversified and distinctive demand for higher consumption in the beer market.
805 million litres sold, with the main brand Qingjia beer sold at 405.1 thousand litres, an increase of 3.5 per cent; 19 years of effective management change and equity incentives for the long-term development of escort enterprises. 1.2.1. The introduction of the Revelation is a sign of commitment to reform, opening the path to 100 years of reform.
Re-introduction focuses on efficiency and profitability, and changes in the list show a commitment to reform. Re-introduction acquired $6.6 billion in 2017 to acquire the H shares of the Japan-Japan Group, making it the second largest shareholder of the company and holding about 18% of the company’s shares.
In August 2018, the Qingdao City State Finance Committee issued the Qingdao City State Enterprise Mixed Ownership Reform Enterprise Project, in which the company and the Twin Stars Group, Aukoma, Heising Group, among others, have been approved, and the company will be in the future.
The process of reform will be gradually advanced to stimulate the dynamism of the company.
The short-term, long-term interest balance promotes the morale incentive, which is well designed and motivated. The first-ever equity incentive since the company was introduced. 20q1 sets out the conditions for a clear profit margin, avoids short-sighted behaviour and protects the company in the medium and long term.
According to the calculations, the average net profit for the company from 16 to 18 years was $1,243 million. Our assessment of the company’s performance was that: 1) the company’s high-end operations were well advanced and the Māori rate had room for improvement. 2) 17 years of re-entry and restructuring of the post-residence company Strategic planning, closing down some of the low-end production lines that were not profitable and generating income per capita for other comparable companies.
The net profits of the company still offer room for improvement. Figure 5: The Qingji Island beer-rich rate in 2019 and per capita income generation are in the middle of the industry. 2. Competitive advantage: a strong product + brand + channel advantage.
Direct price hikes + high-exploitation support increases, leading to a boom in product power. At the peak of industry growth, the ton price rises to a new profit growth point. We believe that the beer industry will continue to increase in the future, mainly due to the high end of the domestic tap, with its structure upgraded to an important chip. The low-end beer market continues to contract with rising consumption.
The demand for fast-growing products varies, alcohol companies carefully nurture high-end markets, and the trend towards high-end participation in the beer industry in 2013 is clear. 2) Domestic beer prices are clearly low on the standard international market. Our beer production capacity has expanded in the last 20 years, causing vicious competition among alcohol producers and lowering industry average prices. For the standard international industry, our per capita consumption capacity has increased significantly.
In 2018, companies led collective price increases due to rising raw materials and labour costs. To reduce cost pressures in the future, they did not exclude corporate passivity. Figure 8: High low-end share in industry
Figure 7: Retail prices of beer in countries (US$/tons) 2.1. Products: positioning + R + strategy three-board ax plus code high end 2.1.1. Recalculation: access to buyer markets with product strength at the core
Recapitulating the history of Japanese beer, the Japanese industry’s products broke down the stability pattern and came out of business. After the war, the business of beer deteriorated, the city’s share continued to decline, and the Japanese beer market was dominated by radon beer after 1954.
The price of the beer industry is not supported by the government for tax reasons, while firms compete mainly through product quality, advertising input, channel control and development, a pattern of competition that allows low product cost based on scale, high bargaining power, and strong brand power.
Whether Japan first introduced raw beer at the end of the 1960s at the end of the third grade, or the various packaging innovations made at the end of the 1970s did not shake the status of thorium beer. Figure 9: Market share of major beers in Japan (in %)
Demand-side changes led to an increase in the introduction of new products in Japan’s beer industry. Prior to 1980, most of the product innovations in Japan’s beer industry focused on fine-tuning the taste of existing brands and the differentiation of packaging-based products.
The birth of a generation with more modern taste, and also the bright performance of the Japanese economy, higher incomes that boost consumption spending and make consumption more personal; on the supply side, foreign brands of beer, such as Bwawe, are fully marketed, giving consumers more choice, and their lower prices (due to the favourable exchange rate at the time) increase competition;
In this context, the number of new products introduced into Japan’s beer industry is beginning to rise significantly. Cracking on the changes in demand, superdry monochrists are coming out of the daytime.
In 1984, a study of 5,000 people's taste preferences was carried out, and it was found that the taste of the younger generation was no longer concentrated in bitter beverages, wine products such as radon's lager beer, but was more inclined to be clean. The product studies conducted in this conclusion led to the birth of Superdry, which was marketed in 1987 and, once introduced, was a great success.
This is the sale of 13.5 million boxes of Superdry, a 33 per cent increase in the sales of a day-to-day beer. In its third year of operation, Superdry spent 20 per cent of all Japanese beer business consumption, helping to go beyond Sapporo. On brand, owing to the product’s pre-emptive advantage as a leader in the roll-out time, Superdry was already in place during the window before the competition was launched.
For the representatives of dry beer, the brand name has been raised. In terms of channels, the appeal of sunny products has opened many new distribution channels and distribution points since the introduction of Super dry, and, with its continued growth in sales, the city eventually outperformed the nectar and gained the vanguard of the industry.
Consumer speech is growing, and product capacity is becoming more important. Looking back, Japanese beer has been inflamed in products with stable industry patterns and increased consumer choice. For example, Japan’s first can was launched in 1958, the first bottled beer in 1968, and the competition in 1977 in packaging design was different.
Slightly, the introduction of Superdry in 1987 triggered a rise in industry, while anti-ghorium misperceptions about the trend in dry beverages in 1987 (considered to be a one-time tide) and the failure to take the lead in the 1994 wave of Japanese bourbon, whose continued decline in market ownership over more than a decade reflects the inability of traditional-channel brands to resist core-to-market competitions.
The power of the field to eat and innovate becomes more important when consumption choices increase. Figure 14: Number of new products introduced in the US-China beer industry (calibres in new products, figure 13: Vendors following the trend since the launch of Superdry)
New formulas, new packagings, re-sales of original products, product series development lists, and innovation in our beer industry still have room for competition for beer. Our beer industry has temporarily stabilized, and Japan’s beer industry has been entering the buyer’s market in about 1985 and its product has accelerated, with industry sales in 1997.
In China, beer sales have been declining since 13 years, with the number of new products introduced in 16 years increasing by 96% over the same period, the industry has started to evolve from the seller to the buyer’s market, and consumers have become more selective. New products are needed to stimulate consumption, while beer products have become increasingly important to meet different needs such as consumer vision, taste, and identity.
In 2014-2017, Japan and the United States launched 481 new items, 2372 new ones, and we launched 364 new items. There is still room for improvement in the future of our beer product innovation in the mature market in the United States of America.
Beer companies compete for important investments, and the ability of beer products to compete with domestic competitors has a clear advantage. 2.1.2. Companies have excellent R & D capabilities, combined with strategies for high-end price belts with advanced product R & D capabilities in the industry. Companies have the only national priority microbes in the beer industry.
The fermentation laboratory, with its high-level research and development team and its high level of basic research capacity, has formed a number of owner-owned intellectual property rights, maintaining a leading position in the domestic beer market at the technical level, with the number of new products released in the past few years ahead of the number of other alcoholics in the country and the number of patents obtained far higher than the number of other alcoholics in the country.
Figure 15: Comparison of the number of patents for domestic beer manufacturers in 2019 Product strategies keep pace with market changes and drive the continuous upgrading of monolithic products. In product strategies, the beer mix is reasonable and forward-looking, and companies turn a linear “silent image” of consumer demand into a digitized indicator that decodes consumer demand.
After the analysis of the data, the concept of new products was logically put forward and ultimately decided by the corporate technical committee to reduce the risk: at the same time, the company anticipated a trend towards high-end product structure in advance, with the introduction of the high-end products of Agut, two high-end single-sport layout high-end products over 10 years, followed by the subsequent roll-out of high-end products such as black beads, Hong Kong Heads, 1903 Fines.
In 2014, the company set up the Blue Army Innovation Department to develop new product categories, looking for new market space, introducing the first peach-smelling bean in the country in the same year, followed by a series of new products such as Pearson, all-meat white beverages, raw buckets, Qingdao beer 0.00 (of which white beverages became the first class in China, and Pearson was also the country's first product).
Qingdao beer is the country’s first alcohol-free beers: 18 years of company-run paping, the rate of entry into China’s empty market for beer ipa products. The continued high-end upgrading and freshening of the product is close to consumers, and the transition to high-value-added products has been scaled up.
2.2. Channels: Short-term drinking power, long-term up-to-line support break-through under 2.2.1. Lines: strategic layout, micro-operation, deep-sealing channels, our beer industry's giant cut-off, and strong green beers markets in Shandong and Shaanxi (Hanse beer), in addition to in Hainan,
Shanghai, Guangdong, Hebei, Jiangsu, Fujian, etc. also have a considerable share of the market, and companies have taken different measures to take advantage of the city’s policy, taking advantage of different markets and profit-making conditions.
The dominant position, which is expected to be over 75% in Shandong Province and over 60% in Shanxi City, is to promote the normalization of the adjustment strategy, focusing on the market, restructuring and prices, and benefiting from the right strategy, moving prices of the company’s products, accompanied by a recovery in the permanent population of Shandong, where future areas of corporate dominance are expected to grow.
The northern part of the country is a sub-prime market, dominated by the push for the pure life of the island, the northwest wolf of Hans, among other products, which in recent years have contributed the most to the company’s revenues, except to Shandong, which accounted for 19% in 19 years and 14% in the last three years.
The company’s strategy is to connect the dominant regions of Shandong, Shanxi, Shaanxi, etc., to form strategic belts and rapidly raise sub-prime markets. In the coastal area, the company’s capacity is low and its costs are scaled up because of competition with Huayun.
With annual losses, efficiency gains in 2018 and a deficit of $84 million in 2019 in the East China region, the cost of improved competition patterns is expected to increase after the closure of various liquor companies, taking into account the good consumption base in the East China region.
Figure 20: The deficit-reduction effect in the East China region shows that the channel model of “big customer plus micro-operate” deepens the market distribution network. Companies divide the channel operating model into three types: intensive, hybrid, exclusive, depending on market maturity and the capacity of distributors.
Workstations conduct performance, operation, etc. appraisals of front-line operators, areaing of each grass-roots staff, daily terminal visit plans, and daily revisiting to strengthen the enforcement of first-line operators at the grass-roots level and corporate overall control over channels.
The number of distributors has declined in recent years, but the performance of individual distributors has continued to increase.
2.2.2. On-line: performance can be seen and new channels can be actively expanded. There is a significant advantage in online channels. The company has been active in opening up online channels and has taken the lead in the industry in constructing a system of electrical channels for “network retailers + official flagship stores + distribution stores + official shopping malls”, which is on-line on the mobile end of “Qingjia beer miniature”
Shinto City, “app-a-barrel shopping”, has set up a stereo sales platform called “Electrator + door shop + factory sale” and has been selling online for many years ahead of other domestic beer manufacturers. 19-year-old Qingjia Skycat is selling 212% more on the same day, with a transformation rate of 182% on the same day, and the official Qing Island beer flagship is selling full-scale 11 times.
The sales grew by 408% on the same date, by 420% on the same day on the 11th day, and Qingdao's 24th Beverage Class was the highest single sales volume in Kyoto, while the green beers won the 19-year Soning Beers Top brand. New retail outlets were actively promoted to support product structural upgrading.
In 2018, a strategic agreement was signed with Ali to fully integrate the brussels into the new retail system in Alibaba and to further expand the market share of retail stores online.
The consumption of beer, such as catering, tends to be at the lower and middle end of the product price belt, and as the structure of the company ' s products is further upgraded, i.e., drinking canals are increasingly becoming the direction of future development, the expansion of new retail outlets is conducive to accelerating the downswing of brands, raising the ratio of non-quantile canals, and supporting the upgrading of the company ' s product structure.
2.3. Brands: For 100 years, the high-end matrix is rich in lead volume increases, the country ' s best branding matrix, the brand value-leading industry, Qingdao beer is one of the country ' s richest beer producers, and the product matrix is perfect.
The company now has nine series, more than 70 new products, more than 1,500 variety specifications, distributed at the lower, middle, middle and high end price bands to meet consumer demand at all consumer levels.
Subprime prices show that the company’s Qingjia brand is a series of high-to-medium and high-end products, with the 18-year Qingjia brand contributing 61 per cent of the revenue; the company’s medium-to-end and low-end product price belts are composed mainly of Xiaoshan, small-volume regional brands and some low-cost Qingjia beer.
Fig. 25: Qingdao's brand is worth more than $4,100 (in dollar terms) and Fig. 24: Qingdao's brand has been sold for 19 years with a more than 100-year history of sedimentation and brand value at the top of the beer industry.
Liquor is one of our first ten brands, with strong brand influence and high visibility in domestic and foreign markets, and is now marketed in more than 100 countries around the world. In 2019, Qingjia beer continued to be the top of China's beer industry with $16.772 billion in brand value.
At the same time, the market visibility and competitiveness of the region has increased year by year to meet the needs of the different consumer groups: 2.3.2. Pan-recreation marketing, 100-year-old growth, Board of Directors of the Re-Starry Board, marketing with the media, and raising the profile of brand names.
President of the company, Mr. Huang Kexim, known as a marketing master, set up a "4D" brand promotion model that combines brand dissemination, consumer experience, product marketing, fan interaction, and promotes sports and music marketing concepts for young people, leading marketing activities such as the World Cup, cba, and crowns. 20q1 brings back star system stones.
Mr. Xi has entered the board of directors, Mr. Ishigami's media background, and is currently the co-president of the Ping-Zuan stock, whose philosophy of promoting the country's brand business is to create the Ping-Zing stock as an old-fashioned group of Jiangnan culture. The marketing philosophy of the current chairman, Mr. Ishik's media sensitivity, and media resources under the flag of the re-entry are promising that the company will make a big difference in branding in the future.
The branding and image-building of companies are supported by colours. Figure 28: Boiling beads immediately launched a new package of “fuel cups” during the 18-year Russian World Cup, cross-border marketing follows the tide, displaying a new New York fashion week, fashion images are deeply popular. 19-year-old beads are working together.
Npc boarded New York Fashion Week to integrate the 100-year historical and cultural elements of Qingjia beer into fashion design details. Cultural bottoms are one of the core values of brands, and the green beads communicate with young consumers through modern fashion methods, launching the 1903 antiquities cans of Qingjia, and joining forces with Skycats.
The country's top-notch fashion show, which connects classics with fashion, is popular among young audiences. In addition, the green beams have shown a number of innovative cross-border marketing activities, such as following the hot spot of the 16-year movie of the Beast: 17 years in the same depths, and the Night's Dining Hall has launched the 1903 "Deep-night Can" classic of the green bean, actively focusing on the Qingshima beer brand with young people.
The hot spots are linked to create a young-looking image of the brand brand. Figure 30: The pots of the beasts are rolled out in close proximity to the young tides, the late-night cans of the canteens show remarkable high-end results from the company, with market-market coverage being only second-high.
The company has the first position at the mid-high end of the price, leading by a profit-making margin. The main brand, Qingjia, has accounted for 9.47% over the years. In terms of the main brand, the price of green beverages exceeds $4,100, ranking among the country’s national brand manufacturers today, and the growth in the number of tons of high- and medium-end major brand sales underpins the profitability of green bells over competitions.
Figure 32: Qingdao's net rate of interest is ahead (in %) with a smooth product structure upgrade, and high-end market segmenting is second only to the Bwa. With its product matrix itself focusing on high-end advantages, and its product strategy of precision in the market, Qingdao's beer has performed well in terms of product structure upgrading.
The sales volume of high-end products in 2019h1 amounted to 105 million litres, an increase of 10 per cent from the same year, with a Māori rate of 40.11 per cent and a lower industry than the Bwai. As product upsight continues, the market share of high-end greens is expected to increase further.
As a result of the epidemic, there is an urgent need to boost domestic demand in the country, and environmental policies have achieved better results in the early stages, with immediate liberalization of external restrictions, follow-up policies or slowdowns, and short-term gains. To boost consumer confidence after the epidemic, extended periods of consumption have been introduced everywhere, and temporary exit restrictions have been eased. There has been a short-term increase in the recovery of the beer industry in the late-night market snacks.
The first Shanghai Night Festival will be co-organized in June, focusing on night shopping, night meals, night trips, night trips, night trips.
The six main themes of entertainment, night shows, night reading, etc. Pilots at specific hours of the night, relaxing night-time outings, conducting night-market trials, leading to the orderly development of seasonal night-market regulations, etc.
At the same time, high temperatures in major base markets have come up or have increased their consumption rates. Summer temperatures have continued to be updated in recent years, as in the case of Qingdang Island, where average temperatures have been rising steadily since April-October, and the entire province of Shandong has experienced a rapid recovery since March this year, where companies use Shandong as the main consumer market and where Shantung consumes beer.
The country’s top priority is a steady and gradual recovery in the production and marketing of good products. Meanwhile, according to feedback from the National Meteorological Service, most of the country has recently entered high-temperature hours earlier than in previous years, with the first high-temperature day in nearly 60 years, on 3 May, even in the early days of high-temperature-temperature and good-weather companies selling beer nationwide.
Financial analysis: Upliftment + plant efficiency increases profitability 4.1. Australasia “double reverse” tax increases raise profit levels 4.1.1. Raw materials remain high and cost pressures remain manageable
In the future, the cost of packaged materials will remain high. In the direct cost of green beams, packaging materials will account for more than 50% of the cost. Our glass price index has been rising significantly since 16 years, and it is likely that it will remain high in the future.
Figure 38: China's glass price index, Aumar's double counter-tax, short-term price lock-in, and cost-restrictive; the long-term beer industry has the capacity to raise prices at a high concentration. Given the higher quality of imported barley, the beer industry is now more dependent on imported barley.
On May 19, 2020, China imposed an anti-dumping duty of 73.6% and a countervailing duty of 6.9% on Australian imports of barley for a period of five years. Amael has been duty-free since October 15 years, raising the tariff rate to 80.5%. In the short term, the barbeque is the bulk of the purchases needed.
In the short term, Australian tariffs will have less impact on the company’s cost side. In the long run, the regional monopolistic patterns of the Top5 industry in nearly 75% of the country’s strong provinces make it possible for the industry to raise prices collectively.
In the past, three rounds of price increases were used mainly to hedge the cost of raw materials; since 19 there have been direct price increases or plans in the context of raw material cost pressures. The beer industry, with its high concentration, has been able to cope with rising costs.
Table 7: The major beer manufacturers have started to raise their prices and raise their profits as a 100-year-old national medal, and companies have developed history that mirrors the process of change in our beer industry. In 2010, the company introduced high-end products, oguts and truffles, together with the previously introduced high-end groups, the high-end line in 2019 was 16.8% since 16 years.
Up to 23.1% of the product structure, the company’s sales ton prices have been rising, but the public sector’s Māori ratio has not risen significantly due to rising cost pressures. In 2018, companies directly raised prices in response to cost pressures, and in 2019, product structure upgrades and price increases contributed 4.8%, while according to feedback from China’s International Beer Network, low-end products under the company’s flag in 2020
The Tsingshan series has been replaced with price increases in the provinces of Qingjiang Island and Jinan, other areas of the province in the future or will be followed by price increases, 19-20 years of direct price increases by companies against a manageable background of cost pressures, attesting to the upward trend in the industry, and no increases of 1-3 per cent in the tonnage of non-green brands such as Qingshan would directly increase operating income by 0.4-1.1 per cent; and higher end products under structural upgrades
The combined effect of direct price increases is expected to boost company performance significantly, with firms benefiting from a higher-end product rate in the future, but a certain degree of sales activity is expected to increase, and consumer pre-construct gross sales are expected to fall slightly, and later consumer brand perceptions are expected to rise.
Taking into account the evolution of costs/costs and assuming that the balance of gross sales remains unchanged, the impact of price increases on low-end products and product structural upgrades is shown in figure 48: Measurement of the impact of changes in revenue and gross spreads on changes in net corporate gains 4.2. Efficiency gains from closing down inefficient plants and significant increases in net returns
The company closed down two factories for 18 years, with an increase in the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate in 19 years.
Based on the additional 48 million yuan in employee placement costs and 147 million in asset impairment losses and 72 million in the East China region, we assume that the one-time relocation costs associated with future plant closures are related to the reduction in the number of employees in the year, the cost of staff costs and manufacturing costs will be reduced and the Māori rate may be raised to 40.3 per cent, with a significant increase in net profit levels.
Based on financial data for 2019, we assume that 1) The changes in manufacturing costs after the company shuts down are related to production, that the annual Māori ratio for 6 plants and 10 plants can be 39.2 per cent and 40.3 per cent, respectively, and that the peak in capital spending caused by the closure of inefficient plants has passed, with a sustained net interest rate of profit.
The company’s cash abundance, long-term negative financial rates, and management rates remain largely flat in the industry, so the cost situation during the period is largely influenced by sales costs. In recent years, the company’s sales cost rate has been higher than that of its competitors, and it has taken a number of initiatives in recent years to raise the efficiency of the investment.
Rates, the cost of company sales, have shown a downward trend for 16 years, with a decrease of 4.86 pct from 16 to 18 years, with a corresponding reduction in the cost rate. It is expected that the company’s control capacity will continue to improve as the company’s efficiency control fees continue to move forward, and sales costs are expected to decline by 0.33 to 0.68 pct as a result of the reduction in sales staff following the closure of the plant.
The future capital expenditure of the company, as planned for the reduction of output, is mainly based on the transformation of existing production lines, plus the closure of the plant's extra belts, high-end, high-volume sales and higher sales in the beneficiary sector of the Qingdao brand. Other brand sales, such as that of Sakayama, have stabilized, and future prices will be raised mainly by direct price increases, with the company as a whole ton.
Prices have benefited from a steady increase in structural upgrading. 3. Corporate cost pressures can be controlled as a whole, with about two plants scheduled to close each year in the future, and high-end and shut-downs are expected to lead to a steady rise in corporate profitability.
We expect that in the next three years, the beer industry will be upgraded and the trend towards high-end growth will continue, with a huge effort to develop high-end products such as “Ogout, Hong Kong Chiefs, Classic Series, Pure Series”, increasing the ratio of high-end products to the price of tons, steadily driving the process of product high-endization, the company’s Aoshima Master brand sales will remain high, and the company’s overall tonnage and Maori prices will remain high.
1) In the case of the Qingjia brand, the company has been affected by the epidemic for 20 years, and it is expected that the fall in sales in the first half of the 20 years will have an impact on performance, but the company, as the leader of the beer industry, has accelerated the clean-up of small and medium-sized wine factories under the influence of the epidemic and has accelerated the recovery of consumption after the epidemic in order to focus on sales and further concentrate the industry, taking into account the 20-year low base, with performance for 21-22 years or faster.
In the context of structural optimization, the sales of major brands led to an increase in the price of tons as compared to the sales of major brands +5.5/5.5/6.0 per cent, and the harvest was the same 2) for other brands, most of which belonged to low- and medium-end products and were expected to be affected by the epidemic, while at the same time adding up to high end the process of future or direct price increases to maintain income levels and sales are on the decline.
In terms of the cost of the company package and food, the cost of the company remains, but the projected cost changes can be controlled as a whole, given the company’s higher bargaining power over upstream as a leader in the industry. In terms of profitability, consider the company’s future direct price increases + structure.
The upgrade + plant will boost its Māori rate, with net interest rates going up the road. Given its strong heavy asset attributes, the beer industry has a larger depreciation amortization of its fixed assets, valued by pe and v/ebitda to better account for the profitability of beer companies.
At a time of rapid high-end growth and product structural upgrading, long-term profit release performance is more certain, short-term exposure to the epidemic accelerates concentration, and benefits such as a slowdown in environmental policy, a return in temperature, and a rebound in post-infection consumption will accelerate performance. Because of market concerns about corporate institutions and enforcement, this stockhold has inspired us to see the dynamism of the company further boosted.
The valuation hub is expected to move further upwards, while future high-end corporate production and plant efficiency will provide greater profitability, with a significant slowdown in macroeconomic growth affecting demand in the sector. Industry is more affected by the macroeconomic situation, with a depressed macro economy that will increase consumer sensitivity to prices and reduce consumer demand, with some impact on the industry.
Market competition has increased, and costs have risen significantly, and there are no signs of improvement. The market has become more intense and products are circulating, and companies will increase their marketing costs and inputs to capture market shares, with some impact on their performance.
The company’s business continuity is affected by management instability. If management instability persists, it loses clear corporate direction, affects the company’s proper functioning, reduces the efficiency of its management, and has an impact on the company’s brand image.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board