For the first time, the Chinese-American cobalt industry covered: thick snow on long slopes, through cycles Certificates: ss 1320523080001 Copper-cobalt traditional business is solid, providing a steady cash flow for the company ' s other business, and is a company ' s lithium electric material
For many years, the company has cultivated high-quality copper and cobalt resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with its own copper and cobalt mine providing low-cost, stable and reliable material security for the company’s production and operation. As the largest producer of cobalt products in the country, the company’s leader in the cobalt industry is well established.
The nickel and lithium resource industry has accelerated the deployment of the company’s second-growth curve. The company has had and planned a red-earth nickel smelting project based on the wet method hpal process in Indonesia since 2018.
The total capacity under construction amounts to 645,000 tons. Following the 60,000-ton wet-law project and the 45,000-ton fire-law project in Huako, which have continued to yield and are beyond the post-partum stage, the 120,000-ton wet-law project in Huafei, which reached production by the end of 23, is expected to provide a significant increase in the company’s performance in 2024. The company has acquired lithium from Zimbabwe’s outlook since 2021.
After the mining company, the arcadia lithium mine project advanced rapidly, with a pilot project in March 2023 and a 50,000-ton lithium salt package in Guangxi district in June 2023, which was gradually released in the second half of 2023. Further consolidation of the resource base in the upstream lithium mine is expected to be important for the growth of company performance.
With the rapid release of the three-dollar drive & positive material output, the integrated layout contributes to steady profit growth. The integrated layout that benefits upstream resources, the company’s cost control of its products is excellent, and in 2023 the company’s Māori drive was 18.26%, leading in the same type of business. The company’s high nickel trinity.
Materials account for more than 82% of the material, and the Māori ratio of the product is expected to be optimized as the ratio of high nickels increases further.
In contrast to the market, we believe that, with the rational return to the price of nickel and cobalt from the three-dollar material upstream, the advantage of the high energy density of phosphate lithium is expected to be further highlighted by the three-dollar material, which is expected to lead to a rapid increase in the output of lithium.
The cost advantages of the company’s own resources are clear, and downstream customers are tied down through the depth of the LCs. The company has a larger number of construction projects, and, in the context of a decrease in the price of lithium electricity, is expected to be replenished by an integration advantage through the cycle.
As nickel products, lithium salt, triad drive, etc., continue to be released, sales growth is expected to overlap and cover prices, operating income and net return earnings continue to grow, with major financial data and projections, respectively:
The company was established in 2002 as a high-technology enterprise engaged in the development and manufacture of new energy lithium and cobalt materials. After more than two decades of development, the company completed its headquarters in Zhejiang, resource conservation.
The barrier is located outside China, the manufacturing base is located in China, and the global space distribution of the market; the new energy industry, the new materials industry, the Indonesian nickel industry, the African resource industry, and the recycling industry have been built into five major business blocks. The entire chain of new nickel and cobalt lithium resources development, non-ferrous metal green refining, lithium electricity research and development, and the recycling of resources has been built.
The development of the Chinese-American cobalt industry has been divided into three main stages: (1) Phase I is the main copper-cobalt business phase (2002-2015), 2002 UFO Cobalt Cobalt Limited.
Formally established, the company began to study and expand its operations in Africa since 2003, establishing a cdm subsidiary in 2006 to deepen the market for cobalt resources in Africa, acquiring three Congolese mining enterprises, cous, mikas, and weso in 2007, changing the company into a limited company in 2008, placing the company on the market in 2015 and developing it in the same year.
Pe527, copper and cobalt mining, enhancing the deployment of overseas resources. (2) The second phase was the start-up of new energy operations (2016-2019). In 2016, the company developed three-dimensional pre-drivers of various types, including 523, 622, 811 and 333, with some of the products being produced in volume, and in 2017 the company accepted them.
Avz shares, tiles of lithium resources, 2018 launch of a project to refine 60,000 tons of annual nickel hydroxide cobalt moisturizing in China, 2019 establishment of four companies in partnership with lg and Pu chemistry, and completion of the third phase of total development of the integration of lithium electric materials (from 2020 to the present), 2020 corporate fund-raising
The 50,000-ton high nickel power cell drive project, the planning of the 45,000-ton high-ice nickel project in Huaco, the start of the Indonesian wet-law nickel project, the launch in 2021 of the 120-ton annual nickel-cobalt wet-wet project, the acquisition of companies such as the prospect lithium mine in Zimbabwe, Bamo Technologies, etc., and the full-scale acceleration of the lithium-electric chain.
Zhejiang Yao-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi
With lg and Pojiang, we're buying the Zimbabwe Lithium Resource Board.
Prospective lithium mines, Bamotech, etc. Cobalt resources markets on the continent.
Year after year, pe527 copper and solid materials were developed to buy cous,
We're starting off with BMW, mikas, weso III.
Power cells, battery recovery and continental exploration.
Wet Smelting Project, Democratic Republic of the Congo, etc.
The ladder uses cooperation to develop the Indonesian nickel capital and plan the Wacos.
1.2 Management expertise, transformation and upgrading strategy, corporate equity structure stability, and management expertise. The company actually controls the founder, Mr. Chen Xuehua.
Group Limited has 64.20% of the shares, while HWAC holds 15.22% of the shares in the Chinese friend cobalt industry. Mr. Chen Xuehua has been Chairman of the Board since its inception in 2002, leading the development and management of the company from its creation to the overseas layout of copper and cobalt resources to the integration of lithium electricity materials.
The company’s Vice-President, Mr. Xiaoping, was also rich; as Vice-President of the Sino-China branch, as well as President of the Merchant Bank’s Carnival branch, he was experienced in investing in finance and served as a strategic guide for the company’s future development.
1.3 While the traditional copper and cobalt business is solid and the new energy plate is fast-growing, the company began to operate primarily in copper and cobalt, with its current focus mainly on lithium and nickel, the company is entering the business diversification development phase as the new energy block accelerates the layout, the new capacity is gradually released.
With the supply chain of the catl super-high nickel batteries, the harvest is expected to continue to grow in 2024. Figure 3 (millions of dollars, per cent) leads to a decline in net return profits.
The continued release of front-loading, positive materials, and red-earth nickel operations will continue to provide companies with new profit growth points, so we expect a return to a return to net return profits in 2024. Figure 4 Changes in the annual harvest of the Chinese alumni cobalt industry (million yuan, %)
Figure 5 Changes in profits (millions of yuan, per cent) from the Chinese-American cobalt industry, with a gradual diversification of the product structure, has now completed the transition from copper-cobalt resources to Lithium Power Integration, currently divided mainly into cobalt, copper, nickel, trinity, solid material, and lithium 6. The company collected mostly cobalt and copper in the early years.
Two major products contributed more than 50%. Cobalt rose in 2017, driving the company’s recovery of cobalt products.
In 2022 and after, the revenue was mainly from positive and trio materials. By mid-2023, the share of the business portfolios was as follows: positive figure 6 for the cobalt industry (%).
Figure 7 Changes in business sales (tons) in the CYC industry Nickel and Trinity products are growing rapidly, and sales of CYC products are stable.
The Māori ratio of the company’s products has remained largely stable. 1 From Māori ratio: Māori was mostly positive in 2023 and interest rates were not strongly correlated with the average annual price of copper. The Māori rate for cobalt products was 20-30% of the area, strongly correlated with cobalt prices. The Māori rate for nickel products was more relevant to nickel prices in 10-20% of the area.
Māori saturation rate of 7.80 per cent and Māori for both trinity and positive materials as power cell chain layouts are progressively improved
Figure 12 Changes in the prices of corporate copper products and the Māori rate (millions per ton, %) Figure 13 Changes in the prices of corporate cobalt products and Māori rates (millions per ton, %) - Unit prices for sales of copper products (millions per ton)
2. Deep-farming of high-quality copper and cobalt resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, strong leadership in the cobalt industry, short-term pressure on the price of 2.1 cobalt products, tight balance between the supply and demand of copper products (1) short-term pressure on the price of cobalt products, long-term demand-driven or high
Cobalt's industrial chains include, inter alia, cobalt resource development, rough processing, deep processing, material production, and product application of five steps. Cobalt lithium compounds are widely used to charge the cell's positive material. Cobalt's high-temperature alloys (known by the United States as super alloys) are also important materials for the production of gas turbine blades from aerospace engines, industrial equipment, and ships.
The production of rigid alloys, chemical catalysts, pulmonary materials, etc. is a mineral of great significance for new energy vehicles, 3c products, aerospace, etc., as well as for the defence forces.
Market conditions have continued to weaken since April 2022, but the medium- and long-term fundamentals of the cobalt market remain strong. In mid-2022, the country refined 119,000 tons of cobalt, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period, and in 2023, according to Anteco, it is projected that China will refine 128,000 tons of cobalt, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period. According to the International Cobalt Association, cobalt demand is projected for 2030.
Figure 15 Growth in cobalt demand by industry (tons)
The demand is driven by the electric automobile industry, which will contribute 89 per cent to growth by 2030, followed by storage capacity (3 per cent) and high-temperature convergence. Battery applications will together account for 84 per cent of cobalt demand in 2030, while traditional applications will decline from 28 per cent to 16 per cent.
Figure 18 Changes in the volume of single-quarter global smartphones (thousands) - New energy vehicles: sales: current-month value - new-energy vehicles: sales: monthly-year-on-year ratio: abundance of cobalt raw materials in 2024. According to Anteco, global production of cobalt raw materials in 2022 was 198,000 tons.
Figure I growth in cobalt supply (tons, %) in the major countries in 192022 shows a share of cobalt supply (%) from different countries in 202022, which is less than 1,000 tonnes, to 9,500 tonnes by 2022. With the increase in the capacity of Indonesia ' s hpal,
Cobalt hydroxide mhp has rapidly become the country’s dominant intermediate mineral product, accounting for 80 per cent of total production in 2022. The share of Congolese production is expected to decline to 65 per cent in 2025 and to rise to 23 per cent in Indonesia.
According to the International Cobalt Association, there is a shortage of complex annual growth rates of demand by 2030, and the price of cobalt products is expected to rise in the long term. Figure 21 Changes in prices of cobalt oxide, cobalt sulphate and cobalt electrolysis (megagrams/tons)
(2) The supply and demand of copper products are in a tight balance and prices are expected to move further upwards, with overall growth in the domestic copper consumption market more stable on the demand side, and consumption in the areas of domestic electricity and automobiles exceeding expectations, according to Anteco, electricity, air-conditioning refrigeration, transport, electronics, construction in China ' s downstream demand for copper in 2021
In the case of electricity investment, there was an increase of 6.3 per cent in January-October 2023 and 43.7 per cent in the case of electricity and 27.5 per cent in the case of electricity. Monitoring data for the Ovi cloud network (avc) showed a double increase in the production of 2023h1 air conditioning, with a production of 92.81 million.
Tens of thousands, or 8 per cent and 9.1 per cent, respectively, of the same year, the increase in electricity investment as a whole is an important support for copper consumption. According to icsg, China ' s copper consumption increased by about 4.3 per cent in 2023 compared to the same year, leading to a change in the completion of investment in the copper 23 grid (billion yuan)
Figure 242017-2023 Changes in the production of air conditioners (million units, %)
In 2023, the global copper volume grew more steadily. According to icsg, in January-August 2023, the global copper mine grew by 1.5%. In smelting ends, Chinese copper grew by 4.6% per year in January-October 2023, according to the world refined copper balance of icsg, the supply of copper will be around 2023.
Figure 27 Changes in the price of electrolytic copper ($/tons) 2.2 Deep-cultivation of high-quality copper and cobalt resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has remained stable at sea and abroad
Costs generally account for more than 70 per cent of production costs, and the supply of low-cost and stable cobalt raw materials is one of the core competitive advantages of the cobalt industry enterprises. Companies were among those that had previously established mineral procurement points and plants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the main producer of cobalt. Since 2003, companies have been exploring and expanding their operations in Africa, and have worked tirelessly for many years.
(a) The company Cdm, a subsidiary of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, has established multiple procurement points in Lubumbashi, Kolwezi and Likasi, the main mining areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, at significantly lower procurement costs than those purchased domestically directly from international mining companies or traders;
Cobaltization, followed by deep processing in the country, further reduces the cost of raw materials. Resource barriers are built on mine ownership to stabilize the supply of raw materials and build long-term guarantees.
The company’s African resource plate has now formed a business model backed by its own mines, complemented by local mining and mining company purchases. The company’s current copper and cobalt resource layout is from cdm’s own mine p527, including two copper and cobalt deposits in Rusussi, Rukuni, and surface piles.
(b) Rukuni mineral resources amounting to 461.2 million tons, yielding 1.2 million tons per year. By the end of 2022, the company's copper and cobalt resources had reached 81.15 million tons, yielding 2.3 million tons per year.
While ensuring a stable supply of cobalt-based raw materials, the company is also actively pursuing a strategy for the development of cobalt based on the characteristics of the site. Since 2017, cdm has successfully built low-cost fire-smelting production lines in Rubenbashi, and since then cdm has expanded its copper production.
In 2019, the company Rukuni, Africa, completed the production of 30,000 tons of copper, further enhancing the advantages of integrated mining operations in Africa. In 2020, the Africa region, Rukuni, produced 30,000 tons of copper annually, and the Mikas wet-law plant, completed the third phase of its expansion.
The company ' s copper-cobalt operations have grown steadily, with a capacity of 39,000 tons of cobalt products and 111,000 tons of copper products available. The company has now formed two production bases in the African region and the State region, which has a capacity of 39,000 tons of metals, 15,000 tons of copper products, 21,400 tons of rough production in the African region and 96,000 tons of copper products in 2023.
The smooth development of business will provide a steady cash flow for other company operations and a source of integration of the company ' s lithium electric materials. Figure 29 Changes in the production and sales of cobalt products from the alumni cobalt industry (tonne of metals, %) Figure 30 Changes in the production and sales of copper products from the alumni industry (tonne of metals, %)
3. The accelerated landing of the Indonesian wet-law nickel project, which is expected to catalyze the growth in corporate performance by 3.1 nickel supply competition, and price fluctuations are expected to enter the new equilibrium map of the nickel industry
Stainless steel accounts for more than 60% of nickel consumption, while battery nickel consumption accounts for a gradual increase. According to Antecoll, the main downstream applications of nickel in 2022 were stainless steel, batteries, alloys, and casting, plating, respectively, with stainless steel applications accounting for the largest share, approximately 67.5%.
Expansion, from 10.3 per cent in 2020 to 21.7 per cent in 2022, is expected to rise in 2025 as a percentage of battery nickel consumption. Figure 33 China ' s projected nickel consumption in 2025 (%)
According to the Chinese Iron and Steel Industry Association, in 2023 China produced 36.6759 million tons of stainless steel, an increase of 41.06 million tons, an increase of 12.59 per cent; according to high-tech lithium electricity, in 2023, China produced 630 gwhh of power batteries.
Total net nickel consumption by the country ' s major nickel-based alloys in October amounted to 7248 tons, a 0.18 per cent decrease in ring value compared to September, a 1004 million increase in nickel consumption in January-October, a 20 per cent increase compared to the same period, and an overall demand for alloys and electroplating in 2024 is expected to remain at 10 per cent. Figure 34 Changes in monthly production of stainless steel in China (millions of tons of nickel)
Figure 35 Changes in the monthly nickel consumption of China ' s electroplating (tonnes) Figure 36 Changes in the nickel consumption of China ' s monthly alloys and special steel (thousand tons of nickel) Figure 37 Changes in nickel consumption of Chinese battery materials (thousand tons of nickel)
In January-October 2023, we produced 197.2 million tons of electrolytic nickel, an increase of 38.36% over the same period. Following the release of capacity from the Chinese-American Guangxi project, the Greenme Lake North project, the polytylene project, etc., it is expected that the production of electrolytic nickel will increase at a faster rate.
In Indonesia, the production of intermediates in the wet sector was 117,700 tons of metals, representing an increase of 74.52 per cent in the same year, with additional production mainly from the Huaife project; in January-October, the production of high ice nickel was 1,997,000 tons of metals, representing an increase of 25.2 per cent in the same year, with additional production mainly from the Mid-Widbang and Emerald Bay projects. In January-October, the production of nickel from sulphuric acid increased by 35.57 million tons, representing an increase of 19.75 per cent in the same year.
Since 2021, nickel prices as a whole have been moving downwards, and as the Indonesian nickel project has been phased out, nickel prices may continue to be applied in 2024. In the long-term value-return process, tri-dollar batteries are expected to have a higher energy density than phosphate lithium batteries, and penetration rates are expected to increase significantly.
Nickel demand for booster sulphate. Figure 38 Changes in prices of electrolytic nickel and electric nickel ($/t) Figure 39 Changes in prices of nickel beans ($/t)
Figure 40 Changes in nickel prices for sulphuric acid ($/tons) Figure 41 Changes in prices for high nickel raw iron ($/points)
In terms of resources, Indonesia is one of the world’s richest countries, accounting for more than 10% of the world’s nickel reserves, and is concentrated mainly in Sulawesi, Hamahila and others.
From the standpoint of overseas policy, Indonesia’s new mining law prohibits all exports of grade nickel from 1 January 2020, and the construction of local smelting and processing lines is also in line with local policy. From a commercial perspective, the smelting of red-earth nickel is done in resource-producing areas.
Indonesia’s red-earth nickel mine has the advantage of being present on the surface, easily open-air mining, but also of having a complex mineral composition that is difficult to smelt.
Figure 43 Nickel production in China and Indonesia accounts for about 70 per cent of the world's total, figure 42 Distribution of nickel smelters in Indonesia
Kalimantan, Papua, Sumatra.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
At present, the development of the nickels of the red earth is mainly based on two routes: fire and wet. The fire process is mainly based on a rotary kiln, a burn-fire-fire reduction process (the rkef process) and a product based on iron nickel; the wet process is dominated by a pressurized acid immersion-cobalt deposition process (the hpal wet process), which is characterized by the efficient recovery of cobalt nickel from the nickels of the red earth.
For example, the product can be nickel-cobalt or nickel-cobalt sulfurate, for both stainless steel and electric car industries. The wet method hpal has a higher investment cost than the fire process, but its production is expected to become a future domestic and international company as the demand for nickel sulphate continues to rise in new energy vehicles.
The main technology used for the development of nickel sulphate is that of the main nickel-producing material. The nickel-coated high-ice nickel route of the nickel sulphate is closely linked to the stainless steel industry, whose production will be subject to changes in the demand for stainless steel, while the high-grade red-earth nickel mine for its raw material will be gradually reduced, thus limiting the production of nickel sulphate in this way; nickel (poly) dissolved nickel is nickel.
Mineral processing is nickel pea, nickel powder, which then dissolves, and the path of production of nickel sulphate has a clear disadvantage of high production costs and low profitability; conversely, wet smelting intermediates have the advantage of lower costs, less carbon emissions and sufficient raw materials and will become the main material for nickel sulphate in the future.
Table 6 Comparison of nickel production pathways for sulphuric acid The company ' s nickel project is mainly based on the wet method hpal process, which is technologically advanced and with significant operational cost advantages.
Cost advantage. The operating cost of the wet method project is approximately $6,000 per ton of nickel, which is less than $7,500 per ton of nickel for the fire. Wet finance barriers are high, and companies have sufficient cash flows to protect the development of the project. The wet method hpal has higher investment costs than the fire process, but its production and operation costs are lower.
The Division’s fund-raising activities had a cash flow of $23.702 billion, with a cash balance of $8.58 billion at the end of the period, and sufficient cash flows had protected the development of high-investment wet-law projects. Since the launch of the Indonesian nickel resource development scheme in 2018, the company has made rapid progress and has now formed the Indonesian district for nickel production.
In the case of nickel intermediates, which are mainly located in Indonesia, with 105,000 tons of existing capacity, and are planned and in place.
Construction capacity totals 585,000 tonnes. In 2018, the company started the development of nickel resources in Indonesia, launched the 60,000 tonnes of nickel metal hydroxide cobalt-wet smelting project in collaboration with the Green Mountain Steel Group, which began construction in March 2020, completed the test at the end of 2021 and reached production in June 2022; in 2020, the company launched the 450,000 tonnes of nickel gold per year in Huaco.
In May 2021, the company launched the Hua Fei Company's annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel hydroxide, cobalt humid smelting project, China Wetwet.
In the case of nickel sulfate and nickel electrolysis, the company ' s existing nickel production capacity is concentrated in the Qingzhou region, with 40,000 tons of nickel sulfate and 15,000 tons of nickel electrolysis, with 80,000 tons of nickel sulfate and 30,000 tons of nickel electrolysis in the Guangxi region under construction.
In May 2023, a memorandum of understanding was signed with, among others, Pocofuturm, to invest in the establishment of a nickel refining and pre-drive production plant for battery materials.
The company’s nickel output, which is growing at a high rate, is expected to be replenished against the backdrop of overall lower nickel prices. In 2022, the company’s nickel output was about 6.73 million tons (including entrusted processing operations and internal self-supply), an increase of 236.58% over the same period, and the company’s electrolytic nickel product was successfully registered as a delivery brand for the Shanghai Futures Exchange and the London Metals Exchange.
As Indonesia’s wet-law nickel project continues, it is expected that the company’s nickel output will continue to grow at a high rate in 2024. 4. Lithium mining resource base upstream of the layout, code-based battery recovery to complete industrial closure, 4.1 lithium demand in the new energy sector, and lithium salt costs are expected to support lithium prices.
The demand for lithium in the new energy sector is high, and the capacity of power cells and storage batteries continues to grow at a very high rate. According to the China Automotive Industries Union, China ' s cumulative sales of power and storage batteries in 2023 were 729.7gwh, of which 616.3gwh, or 84.5%, of the total volume of power batteries, and 32.4% of the total volume of other batteries, respectively.
In the case of exports, the combined exports of power and storage batteries amounted to 152.6gwhh in January-December, or 20.9% of the cumulative sales in January-October.
Figure 45 Changes in power cell sales (mwh)
The global concentration of mines and salt lakes has eased the supply of lithium salt. The current global supply of lithium is mainly from South America and Australia, and is expected to increase further as numerous lithium projects, such as in Zimbabwe and Argentina, are concentrated. According to the Shanghai Non-ferrous Metal Network, the global smelting capacity of lithium carbonate is projected to be 2023-2024.
The situation is expected to continue, and lithium salt costs are expected to support the high cost of lithium.47 Changes in global lithium smelting capacity (tonnes) are shown in figure 48 for battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide prices (thousands)
The company's lithium business is based on mining and mining of Zimbabwe's own mines, the main products of which are the lithium quartz concentrate, the lithium lithite glycolide, and the lithium glycolite concentrate, which is used mainly for the smelting of lithium salt for new domestic material operations.
Figure 49 Lithium lithium and halowater lithium processing process Figure 50 Lithium salt smelting process
Before evaporation, separate the density material from the other metal salt.
Lithium quarries have taken the lead in avz, a world-class manono mine. In 2017, the company acquired shares in Australia's listed company avz and began to configure lithium resources; the manono project has identified a resource of 269 million tons, Roots.
According to the feasibility report released by avz in April 2020, the total ore volume of the project can reach 400 million tons, the average lithium oxide grade is 1.65 per cent, and the lithium resource volume contract is 16.33 million tons lce. The project has about 5.36 million tons lce. The manono project is one of the world ' s largest lithium mine projects, which is currently under development.
Figure 51 Foresight Lithium Mine in Zimbabwe, Arcadia Project, Figure 52manono Project, provides an indicative picture of the acquisition of the Foresight Lithium Mine in Zimbabwe to further enhance the layout of lithium resources. In December 2021, the company used 4.22.
The price of US$ 1 billion for the Zimbabwe Future Lithium Mining Company further strengthens the location of lithium resources. The reserves of the arcadia lithium mine are abundant. According to the company ' s announcement, the standard amount of resources for the Arcadia project owned by the Future Lithium Mining Company is 72.7 million tons, or tons) and 8,800 tons of tantalum metal for pentax. Of this amount, 42.3 million tons were stored, 1.19 per cent of lithium oxide grade and pentaoxy.
Ditonic grade 121 ppm, lithium oxide metal 504,000 tons (1.24 million tons of lithium equivalent carbonate) and ditonic gold pentax (5,126 tons) and mineral resources estimated at 0.2 per cent of li2o border grade in table 8arcadia
Bulletin on the progress of the Buvearcadia Lithium Development Project, Federal Institute of Securities, Statement 9arcadia Ore Storage Estimates, Bulletin on the progress of the Buvearcadia Lithium Development Project, Federal Institute of Securities
The company’s lithium resource project was put into operation quickly, and it is now beginning to release its capacity. On the selection side, the Africa region’s arcadia lithium mine produced 230,000 tons of lithium glycerine per year, and 297,000 tons of lithium quartz mine was put into a test at the end of March 2023. On the smelting side, the Guangxi district package produced 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium salt per year in June 2023, which was put into production in July.
The battery recycling industry thrives, driven by factors such as environmental protection and resource constraints.
Data from the Alliance for Industrial Innovation, which in 2022 accumulated 294.6 gwh of our power cell loads, with a cumulative increase of 90.7 per cent over the same year, show the end-of-life of our new energy class motor cells, which run from 3 to 5 years, the power generation of private vehicles, which runs from 5 to 8 years, and which is expected to face a massive withdrawal as the battery load increases at a high rate.
In this context, it is important to pre-position the lithium battery recycling industry: from a resource point of view, upstream beams are a pressing issue for industry development, and reasonable recycling of decommissioned batteries is of strategic importance for the supply of lithium resources in our country; from an environmental point of view, inappropriate treatment of used lithium ion batteries could cause significant environmental pollution.
Figure 53 Existing and planned capacity of the lithium ion battery recycling industry in China (tonnes per year)
This is 411,000 tonnes, an increase of 37.5%. With the country’s regulatory requirements for the lithium battery recycling industry and its rapid growth, ggii expects that the actual recovery of lithium batteries in China will continue to rise in the future, and that by 2027, the market size of the whole industry will exceed 100 billion yuan, amounting to 10,53.6 billion yuan.
Figure 55 Pre-treatment process flowcharts for dismantling recovery techniques The current method of recovery of lithium batteries is divided mainly into dismantling recovery and staircase recovery. Most of the dismantling recovery is for used batteries with a capacity of less than 50%, and for batteries with a capacity of between 70% and 80%, a gradient can also be recovered.
More than 70% of the remaining capacity of used lithium batteries, if dismantled directly, will also reduce their useful life by extracting additional value through the secondary use of large-scale battery recharge capacity from decommissioned batteries, reducing the demand for large-scale power cell scrapping and alleviating the pressure on the upfront cost of electric cars. Pre-processed battery materials can enter the recovery process.
Reclamation technologies include physical recovery, fire recovery, wet recycling and biorecycling.
In 2020, the Ministry of Industry and Informatics published the Standard Conditions for the Integrated Use of Battery Battery in New Energy Vehicles (2019 editions), which added “the recovery rate of lithium is no less than 85%, and other major valuable metals such as rare earth, based on a 98% requirement for a combined recovery rate of nickel, cobalt and manganese”.
The recovery rate is no less than 97%.” Increased requirements for environmental protection and improved recycling use raise industry access thresholds to some extent, forcing enterprises to upgrade their technology, while improving power cell traceability management and ensuring participation in the forward-looking battery recycling operations of a company, with clear channels and technological advantages.
Recovering operations led to the establishment of Circulatory Technology Ltd. and Renewable Resources Ltd., a subsidiary of the company, Hua Yuzhou and Resources, entering the first and second batch of the list of companies that meet the requirements of the New Energy Automobile Integrated Use Industry.
Battery reclamation, a model of strategic cooperation in waste-for-material exchange with a number of well-known battery companies, has entered into a partnership with a number of home-grown and out-of-country whole-carrying companies for recycling of decommissioned batteries. Environmental Impact Report, Environmental Impact Assessment Report: Green Recycling of Waste Battery Resources Project, Environmental Assessment Report
Bulletin, Environmental Assessment Report for the Waste 3-D Lithium Batteries Resource Development 5,000ta Powered Lithium Carbonate Project, Multi-Formal Nickel High Value Use for Power Preparation, Environmental Assessment Report for the Pool-Sulphate Project, Federal Reserve Securities Institute, 5. New energy operations are advancing steadily, with significant advantages in the integration of lithium electric materials
The economics of the three-dollar batteries are expected to be further highlighted in the context of the lower prices of the upstream materials of lithium, which are expected to rise in the current stage of power cell assembly, which is dominated by lithium phosphate. According to data from the China Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, January-December 2023, power power is expected to rise in China.
The cumulative load of the pool was 387.7gwh, with a cumulative increase of 31.6 per cent over the same year, of which the cumulative load of the triple batteries was 126.2gwh, representing 32.6 per cent of the total load and a cumulative increase of 14.3 per cent over the same year; the cumulative load of the lithium phosphate batteries was 261.0gwh, accounting for a cumulative increase of 42.1 per cent over the same year.
In January-February 2024, my national power cell accumulated 50.3gwhh, with a cumulative increase of 32.0%. Of these, the triple battery accumulated 19.5whh, representing 38.9% of the total load, and a cumulative increase of 60.8%; and the phosphate lithium battery accumulated 30.7gwhh.
Demand is driven, and sales of triad drivers and positive materials are expected to continue to grow. According to FMC and iea forecasts, domestic sales of new energy vehicles are expected to reach about 8.5 million vehicles in 2023, an increase of 26.3 per cent over the same period; global sales of new energy vehicles are expected to reach around 14 million vehicles, an increase of 29.3 per cent over the same period, and demand for downstream end-uses.
It is expected that strong growth in the pre-triad drive market will continue to be guaranteed, with ggii predicting global pre-triad drive demand of 1.25 million tons in 2023. The triad industry chain continues to accelerate its de-stocking and production has slowed significantly. In January-November, the cumulative production of pre-triad drivers and triad materials was 746,000 tons and 568,000 tons, respectively, down 4.1 per cent and 13.3 per cent, respectively, from the same year.
As the clean-up of stocks follows, with strong downstream demand pulling, the monthly output and sales changes (in-kind tons) in the production and sale of the triad drive and the positive material are shown in figure 60, and the price changes in the pre61 drive and the positive material are shown in figure 61 (in-kind tons)
The company entered the area of pre-triple drives earlier, with a clear technological advantage. Since 2013, the company has set up a new material research institute and has been developing and introducing a new triad of tetraoxide for high density, 4.35v/4v high voltage, cobalt-acid lithium.
In 2016, the company developed three-dimensional body products of various types, including 523, 622, 811 and 333, successfully entered the three-star, lgc supply chain, and partially passed the company ' s high-end tri-dollar drive in 2017.
Assf, lgc, recognition of well-known companies like Tanchung, Tanchung, and the Tsla industrial chain, some of the 622 products entered the Japanese market in bulk, and 811 products entered the small volume production phase. In 2018, the launch of the 65-system mainstream was completed, and the 6 series of products was pursued by international and domestic good colleagues, with the 6 most important products entering lgc, Biya.
In 2019, the company ' s N65 series of pre-triple drivers became the only supplier in Pune, Korea, and, through the posco-lgc battery industry chain, applied to the popular meb platform, the Renault Nitrogen Alliance, Volvo, and Fulfill.
In 2020, the company actively developed power batteries with single crystal high nickel 8-, ncma-, and 9-year-old drive products, and the next generation of ncma products entered the European and American mainstream car fleet for T-b certification.
In 2021, the company also set up a front-line material research institute to build a “pre-research laboratory for high-performance lithium electric materials”, set up a “platform for high-performance lithium electro-material computing”, set up a quantum-dynamic material computing laboratory; set up a lithium institute, coupled with the construction of a medium/large test laboratory; and autonomously developed technology for the integration of high nickel pre-drivers with positive materials, forward-drivers and positives.
Materials achieve standardized integration of large-capable monolithic plants and modularization, respectively. Figure 63 Pre-Thirty-Thirty Driver Production process. Company has a larger number of pre-Thirty-Thirty Driver projects and a performance release period.
In 2018, the company ' s joint venture with posco, lg chemistry was fully paved with positive materials in the Länder, Qing, Tinless, etc., and with the triad drive project, the company ' s share-in-stock industry fund project, the new energy-drilling phase I of Huaihai, was completed.
In November 2019, the first phase of the Huapo project (5,000 tons) which produces 30,000 tons of power-driven lithium per year began to be debuggered. The first phase of the project, which was run jointly with lig, produced 40,000 tons of high nickel-powered batteries using 3 tons of new pre-drive materials, is currently undergoing product certification and a change of 4m in 2020.
Projects such as the project for the production of 50,000 tons of high nickel power batteries per year, tested January 2022. 2023h1, the company ' s pre-triple driver volume was about 5.25 million tons (including internal self-supply), an increase of 42.40 per cent over the same period.
In terms of market patterns, the largest share of the country’s pre-triad market was Chinese shares, with 27% of the market, followed by Greenme and Bumpy.
In terms of the Māori rate, 18.26 per cent is higher than the 17.96 per cent of the industry ' s leading shares.
Figure 65 Comparison of the Māori ratio of the three-dollar drivers of different companies (%) The cost controls of the three-dollar companies are either excellent, or they will gain a long-term competitive advantage based on an integrated layout. After years of development, the company has developed a resource plate, a colour plate, and a new energy plate.
Within the Division, there is an industrial chain of top, centre and downstream, which is closely linked, efficient and coordinated, from raw material structure to cobalt chemicals to triple-dollar materials, freeing up the competitive advantages of integrated industries.
In 2020, the company entered into a long-term supply contract with posco and its affiliates for a total of about 90,000 tons; at the end of 2021, the company signed a long-term supply agreement with Yon-Yon-Yon-Yon-Yon-Tian, as well as with Psu-Cheng Chemical and Po-hwa in January of that year, to further strengthen the company.
Competitiveness in the field of new energy lithium electric materials. The company has signed a long-term agreement with a total supply of more than 800,000 tons, with no production and sales of 5.3 dollars of high nickel, or will benefit from large cylindrical battery discharges, which have significant advantages in terms of energy density, light quantification and low-temperature performance.
It has become a future trend for three-dollar power cells. High-tech lithium electricity data show that in 2022, China shipped 640,000 tons of triple materials, an increase of 47 per cent over the same period. In terms of product structure, the ratio of 8 and above has risen to the first level, with a comparison of the positive material product structure in the Chinese-American cobalt industry (tonnes, per cent) in figure 67
Figure 682023h1 Chinese Lithium Trinity Positive Materials Top10 competition pattern (%) Lithium Cobalt Acid-8 is super-high nickel lithium Cobalt Acid
In 2023, Tesla announced that its Texas Super Plant had made a major breakthrough in the production of 4680 batteries, which produced 20 million batteries. According to the positive material product structure disclosed by the Chinese-American cobalt industry, in the first half of 2023,
The company ' s output of high nickel trinity material, 8 and above, was 33.39 million tons, or 82.81 per cent of the total volume of trinity material, including more than 9 tons of ultra-high nickel trinity material, 17.6 million tons, an increase of 59.7 per cent from the same year. Technical barriers to the production of high nickel trinity materials were high.
Material, the main processes include: “Push, Mix, Burn, Broke (Bold, Broken), Sift, Secondary Mix, Secondary Bread, Second Scatter (Bold, Broken), Stifled Iron” for the production of triple materials; Pre-drivers, lithium hydroxide and additives purchased in addition to high nickel materials are raw materials, and their processes are largely consistent with triple materials, with high nickel differences.
So: (a) the cooking stage of the production process requires the burning of pure oxygen, and the burning process involves the discharge of exhaust gas into water vapour; and (b) the washing of water after a shredding and roasting process is followed by the removal of excess lioh from the original feed.
In November 2019, 30,000 tons of power were produced, and the first phase of the Puhua project (5,000 tons) completed the certification of products and production lines; and in December 2019, the company produced 40,000 tons of high nickel power cells per year for the Tripod project, which completed the construction of 20,000 tons of energy in the previous period.
In the second half of 2020, the Puhua and Lok-Yong Project completed the certification and production phase, in the first quarter of 2021, the Chinese project began the production of bulk quantities, in the first half of 2021, and in 2022, the capacity was gradually released. In 2021, the final phase of phase 1 of phase 1 of phase 3 of the BAM was fully functional.
The construction work is in the final stages of completion and will be completed in 2022. (1) The Indonesian nickel project is planned for production, the Asia-Pacific lithium mining project has accelerated production, and projects such as the Kuanjiang, Canton, Guangxi, Chengdu, etc., on electrolysis of nickel, nickel sulphate, lithium salt, trinity frontal drive and positive materials have been completed as soon as possible.
Corporate copper cobalt products are expected to be stable in 2024-2026, nickel products, lithium salt, tri-dollar pre-drivers, etc. (2) Based on the above analysis, supply and demand in the company ' s industry are expected to remain relaxed and product prices are expected to decline to varying degrees.
The Chinese-American cobalt industry is mainly engaged in the development and manufacture of new energy lithium and cobalt-based materials, mainly cobalt, copper, nickel, lithium, triad drivers, solid materials, trade and others.
We expect a comparison of the valuations of Cobalt from Tables 2024 to Table 16 compared to the technology risks. The technology content of the new energy lithium is higher, the technology upgrades are faster, and the company can be located.
In this process, there is some uncertainty about the opportunity to make the first breakthroughs in R & D, production, and marketing. If companies fail to keep pace with industrial developments in terms of research and development, certification, and marketing of new products, or if downstream producers choose or develop other potential technological routes, there is a risk that the transition will not escalate as expected.
The company has more ongoing projects, the progress of which is influenced by downstream market demand, international relations, and so on. If the company’s projects are not as advanced as expected, the company will be faced with less than expected business performance and less than expected market demand.
The pool’s applications are mainly in the area of new energy vehicles. If the volume of downstream new energy vehicles is lower than expected, it will have a negative impact on upstream company production operations.
If there is a significant expansion of production capacity within the industry, there may be a risk of increased market competition and large fluctuations in the prices of products with a structural excess of industrial capacity. Cobalt, nickel, lithium, copper metals are subject to a wide range of factors, such as the global economy, supply and demand, market expectations, speculation, etc. Cobalt, lithium, copper and metal prices are highly volatile.
If the prices of cobalt, nickel, lithium, copper metals fall significantly in the future, the company will face a loss in inventory prices and a risk of less than expected, substantial decline or loss in business performance.