24/08/2024 Quantities: Upstream nickel resource development projects are gradually reaching production targets and integration gains are gradually being realized. 1) Nickel: Hua Flying Project has reached production, 24h1 nickel products (electric nickel + nickel sulphate) are about 76,000 tons, an increase of over 40 per cent over the same period.
(b) Cobalt: 24h1 cobalt products delivered about 23,000 tonnes (including internal supply), an increase of about 13 per cent from the same year, maintaining a leading industry position; and (c) lithium: Zimbabwe ' s arcadia lithium mining project operated in an orderly manner and with a further cost end, taking into account the impact of transport.
Optimization, yielding 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium salt annually from the Guangxi project; 4) pre-drilling: 6.70 million tons pre-depolar discharges of lithium 24H1 (containing pre-trio and cobalt tetraoxidation, including internal self-supply), an increase of about 11 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of an increase in municipal occupancy, with 100 per cent pre-electric discharges achieved by sodium.
(v) Positive material: 53,000 tons of positive material (including internal self-supply and equity rights), a slight decline in the same year, but a 20 per cent increase in the ring in the second quarter.
\triangleright main corresponding price of lme copper/mb cobalt/lme nickel/Lithium carbonate/Lithium nickel/Lithium nickel cobalt-manganate pre-drilling/tripolar material US$ 9882.66, US$ 12.93/lb, US$ 18681.29/tonne, $105.9 million, respectively
\triangleright near-achievement at the end of the first quarter of the year and continued second half of the year; 60,000 tons of nickel-metallurgical smelting items in China by China; 1st quarter of the year, 024: price downs behind performance, I
Production of the tons of nickel-rich high-ice nickel project; planned pre-construction of the pomalaa high-pressure acid leaching project with the freshwater valley and the Ford car; Sorowako assessment with the freshwater valley: withholding of non-profits is over-expected and industry lows are over 2023/
2) Lower-stream lithium-electric end: In Indonesia, the 50,000-ton nickel sulphate project was carried out in an orderly manner, and the 50,000-ton pre-drilling project was launched, further strengthening the Indonesian nickel production 3. The Chinese friend cobalt industry (603799.sh) reported in the second half of 2023.
Industry synergies; in Korea, the company's collaboration with the lig was partially in production, and the company moved to North America.
Significant growth - 2023/08/28 Core point: The expansion of the capacity of lithium electric materials is steadily advancing, with an integrated layout deep in the moat. \triangleright on board.
Quarterly review of the year 023: 23q1 perform well, lithium power, nickel production at the end of swimming resources is expected to continue to increase, and the volume of ex-drive and positive material production is high 2023/05/05.
Large, high-quality clients contribute to the steady spread of the technology, and positive materials lead to the consolidation of technological advantages. In the depth of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh), it is reported that building deep resource and cost advantages is expected to lead companies to become integrated in the future in a fierce competition.
The global closed ring of lithium electric materials - 2023/03/31 - is an advantage and technologically variable growth period. Investment advice: firm upstream resources are well configured, downstream lithium electric materials are expected to be rapidly released and shared with the country
\triangleright inter-resources and car giants are tied to depth, growth is certain and the moat is deep. \triangleright we expect the company \triangleright \
In comparison with the production of the 2-Wulf Project, which contributed to the increase in nickel production, the nickel ring price increase, 2.1 and 2.1, there was a significant increase in the profits of the 2-Fift Project, with the nickel product increasing by billions, 72.54 per cent the same year, and the revenue contribution rose by 8.59 pct to 17.98 per cent, mainly by 120,000 Chinese.
The Ton Nickel Humid Smelting Project reached production by the end of the first quarter of 24 years; 60,000 tons of nickel metal humidity in China, China; the Smelting Project was over-productive; 45,000 tons of nickel metal in Huaco was operating steadily; and 24h1 company nickel produced about 76,000 tons (including internal supplies), an increase of more than 40 per cent in the same year.
The pre-construction preparations for the special car cooperative Pomalaa wet-technology project were also well under way. Copper products were raised by $2.96 billion, an increase of 17.45 per cent, revenue by 2.29 pct to 9.85 per cent, and revenue growth was mainly attributable to the same increase in copper prices. Cobalt products were collected by $2,218 million, a decrease of 4.35 per cent, and revenue by 4.35 per cent.
Between 0.43 pct and 7.38%, mainly from 24h1 Cobalt products, about 23,000 tonnes (including internal supplies), up from 3.51 pct to 5.49%, mainly from the same increase in the production of the Indian lithium mine in Zimbabwe.
11.05%. The positive material generated a total revenue of $5.477 billion, a decrease of 48.91% in the same year, and a decrease in the contribution of revenue. On the price side, the price of energy metals was significantly lower than the price, and the ratio of nickel to Māori rose rapidly as a result of the energy release from the nickel-wet project. 2024h1, the Māori share of corporate nickel products was 22.66% and the Māori share of copper products.
The price (99.5 per cent of electricity, national production) was approximately 10.37 million yuan, or 68.44 per cent, of the same value; the price of the nickel, cobalt-manganate pre-drilling (622 pp., national production) was about 8.18 million yuan, or 21.16 per cent of the same price; and the price of the tri-dollar 6 solid material (622 monocrystal) was approximately 13.44 million yuan, or 52.99 per cent of the same value.
The company actively promotes savings and losses and works to reduce the cost of financing. 2024h1, the company ' s current cost represents about 9.22% of the revenue, up by 1.79 pct from 1.79 pc from the same year. The company ' s sales, management, finance and R & D costs capture the savings and losses, improves labour efficiency, lower employee remuneration and share payment costs, and the same financial costs as the same.
The increase of 531 million is mainly due to a decrease in exchange rate earnings and real interest expenditure equal to the same period last year. Companies have also made efforts to reduce the cost of financing and to pay back some of their bank loans with relatively high interest rates in advance, taking into account the stock position, while at the same time reducing the cost of comprehensive financing, including through structural adjustments, and to finance the conversion of Chinese dollar loans to Chinese dollar projects.
Annual interest rates were reduced by more than 5 percentage points, overall corporate financing costs were 0.4 times lower than at the end of the previous year as a whole by 24 months; credit impairment losses were $30 million, mainly due to bad debt losses; in terms of financial capacity, companies placed a high priority on the security of the capital chain, maintained a convergence of production and continued expansion of the financing channel.
Effectively controlling capital expenditures, corporate net cash flows have continued to improve. 2024h1, corporate assets have remained stable, with a corporate asset liability of 64.71 per cent as of 24h1; and in inventory, where metal prices have fallen, companies have also exercised strict controls over inventory quantities, achieving a steady decline in stock size and interdiction.
In terms of investment, companies have also strengthened their budgetary controls, using financial affordability as a border and a red line to their operational and investment budgets, establishing independent accounting mechanisms for headquarters functional costs and hard constraints on budget implementation;
Allocation of resources, effective control of capital expenditures, pooling of resources to productive, productive and cash flow advantages, investing in projects that enhance the ability of investment projects to produce their own blood and blood transfusions, ensuring sound company operations and development 2.2 ring comparison, leading to a significant increase in the profit ring relative to the volume of nickel products
The tons of nickel metal volume wet smelting project reached production by the end of the quarter, and the nickel metal production ring in 24q2 increased by 1,454 million yuan for the period 2024q2, an increase of 136 million yuan for the ring, mainly for R & D costs, figure 22: the company's third-quarter fee
2.3 From the point of view of the subsidiary, Indonesia’s plate continues to contribute to the growth of the company’s main upstream nickel production unit, Juayan Cobalt, Huafei Cobalt, and, in 2018, the company launched the development of the Indonesian nickel resource in red-earth and gradually advanced the Indonesian nickel resource project.
The Bureau. First, in 2018, the company started the first project in China, Indonesia, to produce 60,000 tons of nickel metal per year hydroxide, cobalt wet-metallurgical smelting project, which achieved a steady postnatal overproduction ahead of schedule in the first half of 2022, and currently, the Ice Nickel project, the whole process of which was tested in the fourth quarter of 2022 and was basically tested at the end of the first quarter of 2323.
In May 2021, the company launched the Chinese company ' s annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel metal hydroxide cobalt-wet smelting project, which was completed by the end of the first quarter of 24 years, with 51 per cent of the former company ' s shareholding. 24h1, the company ' s intermediate nickel output totalled about 112,000 tons (full caliber).
The same-year-old growth is more than 90%; looking at 24h2, taking into account the continued steady output of the Chinese project, the company's nickel intermediates, the integrated layout of the three lithium electric materials, the future growth of the company, the most complete closed layout of the integrated industrial chain of the lithium-electric material industry, from mining materials to mining materials.
Smelting ends, followed by ex-drives to positive materials, combined with resource recycling plates, are the firm's core advantages. The lithium electric material industry presents a typical feature of “resource development abroad, R & D manufacturing in China, and market-based customers worldwide.” Technological innovation and cost advantages are key competitive elements of the industry, so public.
In recent years, the Division has continued to extend the distribution of the integrated industrial chain from the leader of the cobalt industry to the company, which has completed the space layout of its headquarters in Kiryu, which is located outside China, in the manufacturing base in China and in the global market. It has created an industrial chain of integration from resource development, colour-based refining, research and development of new energy materials, from the centre to the downstream, with cobalt nickel.
Resources development, green smelting, tri-dollar drivers, and positive materials are made to the new lithium energy industry ecology for resource recycling. Companies are expected to complete the cycle-to-growth transition, reduce profit-cycle volatility, and have a clear advantage over their counterparts.
Upstream resource layout one: deep-dry Congolese gold, which guarantees a stable supply of copper and cobalt resources. At the end of the resource base, the public copper and cobalt resources are concentrated on the African resource plate, with its own mines as its core, supplemented by external procurement. On the self-financing side, the company owns the p527 mine and the Kambove through its subsidiary cdm, mikas.
4 mining rights for tailings and shonkole mines. As of 2023, the company Pe527, Rusuxi mine had 27.804 million tons of copper ore resources, including 70.779 million tons of vulcanized minerals; 52.24 million tons of oxides; and 3.4616 million tons of copper cobalt ore and 19.707 million tons of reserves (including additional combustibles).
Some of the out-purchases were purchased by the local Congolese gold trading system, mainly from local mining and mining companies. The combination of ownership and outsourcing enabled the company to control its rich cobalt-copper mineral resources and to build together its raw materials. From the end of the smelting, the company’s copper-cobalt refining capacity is distributed between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and China.
cdm, mikas, will produce rough hydroxide and electric copper products mainly from mining, ore-smelting, including wet smelting. The domestic manufacturing base smelting capacity is mainly derived from some copper smelting and smelting of new cobalt materials. The company currently owns 21,400 tons of rough hydroxide in Congolese gold.
Cdm ' s 66,000 tons and mikas ' 30,000 tons of copper/copper capacity, combined with domestic copper and cobalt smelting and refining capacity, have created an annual capacity of approximately 110,000 tons of copper and 39,000 tons of cobalt, and the copper and cobalt business has provided a moat river for the expansion of the company ' s capacity.
Upstream resource layout two: low-cost wet nickel in Indonesia, the core of the company’s future growth, Alpha. The Division’s nickel and cobalt layout in Indonesia consists mainly of nickel mines, garden services, energy security layouts, and accompanying wetting and fire smelting production performance layouts, which help the company to form a deep moat.
Currently, the company ' s nickel-mining projects in Indonesia include: 1) the Vidal Bay nickel industry project, which has nickel, metal resources of about 9.3 million tons of metal, company equity, new technology, 15.39 per cent penetration, and corporate equity resources of 1.43 million tons; 2) the hln project, May 22nd.
The company subscribes to a transferable debt equivalent to 10% of Hln’s equity, and hln’s holding jpi holds 51% of the scm nickel mine. The scm nickel mine is close to the company’s Chinese project, rich in nickel, and together has 1,445 million tons of nickel and 1 million tons of cobalt.
Services: A stable return on investment while safeguarding the smooth progress of the Indonesian nickel business. hln holding a 49% share in the csi smelter and a 29.4% share in the bsi smelter. hln holding a 98.3% share in the cei hydroelectric plant and 32% share in the ikip industrial park.
3. In March of 24th year, the company successfully completed a few transfers of shares in two Indonesian mining projects, namely, ajb and wkm, further enhancing the company ' s nickel reserves.
The Indonesian company Kok Island is currently developing several nickel smelter projects in Indonesia, mainly wet-based, product-forming mhp and high-ice nickel. 1) The Chinese border project 60,000 tons of wet-technology: it was already in production early in April of 22nd year.
In 2023, the 60,000-ton nickel-metallurgical smelting project achieved a steady yield and scm slurry pipeline was fully functional; (2) the 45,000-ton fire project in Waco: in April 22 22, the electric stove was set on fire in advance, and the 45,000-ton nickel-rich high-ice nickel project in the year was completed; (3) the 120,000-ton Chinese-flying wetwork project was completed.
Production; 4) Other projects: pre-construction preparations for the Pomalaa wet-law project in collaboration with the Freshwater Valley and Ford Motors; pre-construction of the Sorowako wet-water project in cooperation with the Freshwater Valley; and joint venture with Glaucous (actually the Aoyama) to build 120,000 tons of nickel gold a year
• Strategic collaboration with Volkswagen (China) and the Qingshan Holding Group to plan for the construction of an annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel metal hydroxide cobalt-wet smelting
The layout is one-size-fits-all, of which the Lithium Resource Project is a Lithium Mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Lithium Mine Project in Zimbabwe, both of which are high-quality lithium mines and are expected to be at the core of the company ' s future expected performance.
The first lithium project under the company’s flag is the manono mine under the avz flag, which is still in the early stages of development. In 2017, the company took the lead in acquiring shares in Australia’s avz. As of 30 June 2022, HWAY held 6.14% of the shares in the avz company, the second largest in the avz.
Shareholders, avz holds 75% of the shares in the manono oxide project, and calculates the company's interest in penetrating the manono project by 4.72%.
First, its total resources amounted to 401 million tons, its average grade of lithium oxide was 1.63 per cent, its stock was 132 million tons and its average level of lithium oxide was 1.63 per cent. The initial build-up of the avz project had an initial capacity of 700,000 tons of lithium concentrate/year, while its capacity of 46,000 tons/year of lithium sulphate was constructed for 29.5 years.
The company’s first-held lithium mine project was the arcadia lithium mine, with a synchronized planning of 50,000 tons of lithium salt smelting and refining of capacity. As of October 2021, Arcadia project jorc (2012) was published by Foresight as a standard resource of 72.7 million tons, lithium oxide grade 1.06 per cent, and tantalum pentaoxide.
Level 121 ppm, lithium oxide, 770,000 tons (19 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) and pentaoxy-ditonic metal, 8,800 tons. According to the company ' s June 2022 announcement, the arcadia lithium mine project invested $270 million in the total amount of $15,000 per day after the project was completed and disposed of the original mine, yielding 230,000 tons per year.
Lithium glyphosite and 297,000 tons of lithium flint concentrate, accompanied by lithium smelting capacity in the country, construction of a project to produce 50,000 tons of lithium salt per year, based on the Guangxihua-Yansury industry, for a two-year construction period of 389,000 tons of lithium flints, with a total investment of $2.11 billion.
On 20th, the company announced that it had completed the installation and commissioning of the entire production line of the lithium industry ' s arcadia mining project, and that the production line of 4.5 million tons of ore was well-connected and fed every year, producing the first product. The prospect industry ' s arcadia lithium mining project was the largest in Africa.
The project was completed in February 2022, and on 16 May it was officially ground-breaking and completed in just over nine months, one of the fastest-growing lithium projects in the African region. In 2023, the African region's Indian-dithium arcadia project in Zimbabwe was completed.
In the Guangxi district, a package of 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium salt was produced in the first quarter of 2024, the lithium carbonate production line went down to the first quarter of 2024: the sword was sharpened for 10 years before 3 dollars, and the sword continued to be expanded to mean the global pole of integration. Through self-construction and joint ventures, the company has steadily advanced the expansion of pre-triple production capacity.
In 2018, the company joined forces with lig chemistry to set up a pre-positioning drive for Joaquin, with 51 per cent of the shareholding in HWAS, with 20.51 per cent of the actual interest in the cobalt industry.
In recent years, the company’s pre-triple drive capacity will be released, and production capacity will increase considerably. Downstream layout two: the acquisition of BAM technology, and the acceleration of the volume of material.
An enterprise, Tian Zimbamo, quickly cut into the tri-dollar orthodox material market, invested in integration projects in Guangxi, to reduce the cost of the various links and raise the gross material-rich ratio. The company raised funds through a fungible loan, and it built a "50,000-year high-purity battery-grade nickel production line, 100,000-year production line for sulphuric acid from China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China.
Tons of high nickel power cells are used in the production line of pre-triple drive materials and 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells per year in the production line of solid materials. An internal return of 20.18 per cent is projected for the project, with a projected investment recovery period (including a two-year construction period) of 6.49 years and an additional 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells in the production capacity of the three positive poles after delivery.
Downstream layout III: The active layout of the lithium battery recycling operation, which creates a ring of lithium electric material. The company ' s son, Hwa Yu, State and resource regeneration entered the first and second batch of the list of companies that meet the industry regulations for the integrated use of used power batteries in new-energy vehicles.
Through the development and acceptance of regenerative treatment of decommissioned batteries, a strategic cooperation model for waste-for-material exchange has been established with a number of domestic and international whole-of-carrying companies.In May 22, companies and the BMW Group developed innovative cooperation for the recovery and use of power cell materials in closed loops;
Joint venture with lig chemistry in Korea to deepen cooperation on positive materials operations; in July 22, the company reached a cooperative intention with lig new energy sources to regenerate used power batteries. As business opens up, the company is forming from cobalt and nickel resources development, green smelting, pre-drive and solid materials manufacturing to resource recycling and recycling.
The company’s recovery business model is currently based on ladder use and waste-for-materials, with an annual capacity to process 65,000 tons of used battery material. A huge long list, with deep binding of global flagships.
When strategic co-operation agreements were concluded for upgrading technology, mooring technology, Tesla, etc., which guaranteed unattended sales and co-operation through large supply agreements, laid the foundation for sustained growth, and according to the announcement already disclosed, the company's future long-locking pre-drive orders together amounted to more than 800,000 tons, guaranteed the company's subsequent growth in sales.
The upstream resource layout of the company is perfect, downstream lithium electricity materials are expected to be rapidly released, and international resources and cars are 11 x, 9x, and 7x, respectively, maintain the company's “recommended” rating. 1) The risk of a sharp fall in product prices.
There are more projects under construction, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into production or if the pace of production is delayed by internal or external factors. 3) There is less demand than expected. Companies have more projects under construction, and their capacity is growing rapidly, if downstream markets are opened.
The difficulties encountered, or the unexpected increase in demand, have led to an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, thus increasing costs, adding production to production below expectations, and undermining the company’s profitability.The methodology and analytical logic have led to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.