The company's predecessor is Shenzhen East.
The Pelican Beverage Factory, founded in 1987, was transformed into a private enterprise after privatization, and in 2009 it introduced dustproof caps, bottled with an East Pine, which gained a competitive advantage in differentiated packaging and pricing. With the successful construction of the Tung Peng sample market, the company launched a national chemical expedition in 2013 and successfully marketed it in 2021, with sales out of 10 billion in 2023.
At the same time, the company has been active in the construction of a multi-grade development strategy, with the successive roll-out of a multi-dimensional brand, such as a porcelain rehydration, a porcelain tea, a porcelain curry, a vivi cocktail, a sea island coconut, and a lot of lubrication, with the hope of reusing channels, branding, and becoming a leading mix of beverages in the country.
Industry analysis: market expansion prospects are wide, and the pattern is solid. (1) Industry size: soft beverage increases at the best speed, amounting to nearly 60 billion. Energy beverages have resistant functional properties and mild addictions. Over the last decade, the combined growth rate of 11.8 per cent exceeds the overall performance of soft beverage.
Japan, in terms of volume or nearly 100 billion. (2) Industry development: Red Bulls grew up. In 1995, Red Bulls entered China to take the lead in nurturing the energy beverages market, and then the industry became fast and long-lasting, benefiting from the rapid pace of industrialization.
There's some relief, with the rise of product brands such as Orang Peng and Lok-ho, and the transformation of the industry from a one-size-fits-all to a more powerful one. (3) Brand competition: Dong Peng is better. Diagnosis of brand development features, high-quality price of national brands than position avoidance, opening up the market more easily than medium-to-high products, and better than top-end products, master.
The result is a much more focused, more intensive cropping for more than two decades, which brings cumulative advantages to products, channels, and brands. Energy beverages: differences build advantages, nationalization increases.
(1) A competitive advantage: higher prices, better channels, and better brands. In the process, the Red Bull trademark competition has created its own competitive advantage as an opportunity for development. Three main aspects are: a. At the product level, the anchoring of large groups of blue-collars, and the rapid fight for high-quality prices and unique patent packagings.
(b) The channel level, which is rapidly paved from Guangdong to the whole country, leads the digital system of operations and continues to be improved to allow for the full tracking of product flows and significantly improves the efficiency of channel operations and management decision-making;
Dopium beverages: Continuing high performance, multi-grade co-mutual energy - full coverage of marketing intensity, occupying the first association of consumer distress moments and gradually raising brand heights to people's Hwakin securities, catering, company reviews - East Peng beverages
At the ethnic level, raise visibility and reputation. (2) Space for the future: nationalization is not on track, the foreign market is initially active, and sales are not yet overstretched. For beverages: q2 with over-expected performance, the momentum is growing -
At the national level, the company, which started from Guangdong, is gradually becoming more radioactive throughout the country, and is still growing up to strengthen nationalization. The Joaquin securities-food beverages-companies-the company reviews-the-dong beverages segment, which is uneven between regions, and the number of out-of-provincial points and single-point sales can be enhanced.
Counting, we expect to see a break of $20 billion in domestic revenue from the energy beverages in the medium term, at least 2023, with a continuation of the growth of q1 and a doubling of the growth space of the year; overseas, companies are also actively exploring opportunities for development and have developed exports to the United States, Korea and the United States.
Performance - Joaquin securities - drinks - company Express - energy beverage products in countries such as East Peng, Malaysia, etc., have been exported through traders to 18 countries and regions abroad, and corporate energy beverages are expected to open up a wider development space as the seaboard deepens;
Beverage: The second curve is growing fast, the channel is well-growing, and it can continue -- the gold securities, the drinks, the company reports, the beverages -- the second curve: the rehydration has begun to show results, and a little bit of the layout has created new dynamic energy.
In the process of creating the new product, the rehydration line has emerged with a strong growth dynamic, and other new products have shown a good increase in their power, and initial proof of the logic of the new product. To summarize the analysis, the company has a high-win, high-receivable approach to the creation of the second curve, as shown by: (1) the industry dimension: one of excellence.
The company’s choice for a long-term consumption trend, such as a healthy diet of sugar (electric decomposition, sugar-free tea, vegetable beverages), a match to the consumption needs of young people (e.g. coffee, cocktails), has the strategic advantage of long-term development and has joined the company as a follower, reducing the cost of market education and making it easier to share lines.
Business development opportunities; 2) Corporate dimensions: Continuation of high-quality pricing strategies, reuse channels, brand advantages. With energy, beverage high-quality pricing strategies, competitive transformation is expected in a weak environment, adding up the channels, brand advantages, and new products are more likely to make breakthrough growth.
Investment: The company ' s energy beverages are solid, the new ones are gaining momentum, the second curve is continuing to work, the brands, channels, sizes and so on, and it is hoped that the transition from a single to a multiplicity of products will be successful.
(i) Development course: Deep-farming energy beverages industry, where the country continues to sell its first-generation energy beverages, and where multi-grade layouts are growing faster. The company’s predecessor is the Dong Peng Bing Beverage Beverage Factory of Shenzhen Oriental, which was established in 1987 and was transformed into a private business with a privatization reform, with the main focus on selling energy beverages, and in 2009 launched a dustproof bottle.
With the successful construction of the Tung Ping sample market, the company launched a national chemical expedition in 2013 and was listed in 2021, with a breakthrough of 10 billion in 2023 and a national ranking of energy beverages. In addition, the company is actively building a multi-grade development strategy, with successive roll-out of the Tung Peng water collection, the Ping Peng tea, the Tog Ping curry, and the vivi.
The multi-dimensional brands of cocktails, sea-island coconuts, and drinking more and more are expected to re-use channels, brands, and become the leading combinations in the country. Looking back at the evolution of the company, they can be divided into five stages:
A cold series of beverages, which was changed to an East Peng business, was introduced in 1997 and received health care approvals the following year, but still focuses on the sale of cold tea. In 2003, the core workforce, Linqing, completed the privatization reform in the form of “employee fund-raising” and continued to look for a breakthrough, gradually looking at the workers' market in the East Peng market.
Product grinding period (2009-2012): In 2009, dust-proof bottled East Pinocchio beverages were introduced, with high-quality prices and differentiated packages, and the main market was set to sink, opening up a multiplier increase, with the sale of East Pinocchio in 2012 falling to hundreds of millions, and the model market was successful. Brand expansion period (2013-2016): nationalization of the Dongguan model was started in 2013 with a contract of appreciation.
In the same year, a digital marketing transformation was launched, with the introduction of a one-dollar bonus, a sweep of red collars, and other promotional activities. In recent years, companies have launched non-energy beverage products, such as lemon tea, Peter Chen, and curry.
However, the previous period was constrained by the slow growth of brand power, until the epidemic brought with it a popular copy of the electrolytic beverages, a water-rehydration surge, and a high growth of the second curve, with the combined drink group strategy beginning to bear fruit. Figure 1: Corporate development history
(ii) Business profiles: revenues exceed 10 billion dollars, nationalized, multi-goods development is gaining momentum and incomes are increasing rapidly. Companies provide beverage products (mainly energy beverages) to consumers at the end of the line, subject to product location, channel construction, market competition, etc.
The Division has been growing rapidly in recent years, with a 30 per cent collection of cagr in 2018-2023 and a 57 per cent return net profit of the mother cagr, which has now reached a volume of 10 billion-grade sales, and the size of the company is expected to rise again as the nationalization and multi-goods strategy continues.
1) Products: Energetic beverages are at the core of a multi-grade development strategy. The company has energy beverages at the core, gradually extending to electrolytic beverages, tea beverages, coffee beverages, fruit and vegetables beverages, among which it has a preliminary matrix of 1+6 products. East Pengte drinks about 90% of the total, 100 billion grade singles, and cagr 29% of the 2018-2023 cagr, and the new ones have been rehydrated.
In the first half of the year, the growth was nearly 500 million and 281%, while in the other categories it doubled, and in the second curve, figure 5: Corporate income per product and growth rate. 2) Markets: rooting up Guangdong and opening up the country. Companies have expanded gradually from Guangdong to the country, and in recent years their incomes have been rapid in the provinces and abroad.
The extra-provincial regions are roughly in the range of 1-1.5 billion, with other regions except Guangxi showing higher growth rates, both south-west and north-west of China. At the same time, the company continues to optimize its production profile to include strong domestic coverage, and has now established nine major production bases, such as the Production and Growth base, the South China base, the Angbek base, and Chongqing base, to support marketing.
Sources: Distribution is dominated by direct lines, which account for about 85% of the total. The company combines a wide range of distribution channels, such as direct camps and uplinks, to form a full-scale, stereo, and wide-ranging distribution system. Among these, direct lines include direct national customers, the Guangdong South Division special channels and catering channels, while distribution channels are divided into full channels and large according to market maturity.
The two modes of circulation, which allow both deep regulation of mature markets and rapid expansion of primary areas. Through sustained expansion of channels, the company has thousands of effective and active terminals, with cumulative non-repeal contact with end consumers exceeding 210 million.
Cost fluctuations, product structure, etc. affect the company ' s Māori rate, but the overall rate remains relatively stable. Polyester slices (pet), white sugar, tiles, etc. are the company ' s main raw materials, and price fluctuations can have an impact on the cost end. In addition, there are differences in the Māori rate for different products, the Tung Peng drinking rate is 40+ per cent, other beverages are combined at less than 20%, and as the second curve rises, the company ' s Māori ratio or
The company is expected to maintain stability in the future, taking into account the impact of scale and the price of raw materials and supply chain optimization initiatives. Rate regulation is excellent, and profitability is increasing.
Strategic and channel end-building, such as the release of freezers. Sales costs have declined steadily in recent years, with a significant fall to about 20% over the years, as a result of faster growth in sales revenues and the construction of digital marketing systems.
As of 2024h1, the company ' s de facto controller and director, Mr. Woodley, held 49.74% of the shares, the second largest shareholder held 6.44% of the investments, and the third and fourth major shareholders, Woodport and Lin Dachin, 5.22% each, were in a relationship with their forest and wood brothers and uncles.
The foreign company also owns three employee holding platforms: East Peng Long Road, East Peng Long, and East Peng Tseng. The company’s central shareholder is a member of the Lin family, and it has stakeholders such as distributors and employees. This has resulted in a high degree of convergence of shareholder interests and corporate interests, a stable and cohesive team, a gradual exit of financial investors, and a strong management experience and ownership.
During this period, the company’s basics were healthy, and its quarterly performance was about 30% or more. And the controlled men’s woodwork and core shareholders, Lin Dachin, did not lose hold and held a more stable share after the lifting of the ban at the end of May.
In 2019, companies increased their equity incentives to the core cadres of Liu Lihua, Lu Yi Fu, Jiang Vivi, among them Liu Lihua in charge of finance, Chiang Vivi in charge of brand marketing, and Lu Yifu in Gatau and Kagami.
In December 2023, Liu Lihua left the post of Vice-President and Secretary for personal development, and in February 2024, Mr. Zhang Qing, Special Assistant to the former Chairman of the Board, was replaced by his secretary, Lu Yi Fu.
Chiang Vivi continues to be Vice-President, with a stable team as a whole. Second, industry analysis: market expansion is promising, patterns are strong, energy beverage: refreshing, consumer population and scenes continue to be rich. Energy beverages are those that contain a certain amount of energy and add the right amount of fuel.
At first, the main consumer force of energy beverages was a blue-collar group that consumes more physical energy, such as long-distance drivers, workers, couriers, takers, etc.; but as life pressure increases and class awareness increases, the consumer population expands to white collars, learning, etc.
The consumption trends of brain workers, such as biologicals, also spread from nighttime, overtime, fatigue work to leisure events, such as parties, tourism, music festivals, electric competitions, etc., are rejuvenating. (i) Energy beverages: human space is still alive.
Energy beverages are one of the sub-groups of soft drinks. Soft beverages, non-alcoholic beverages (about 0.5% of ethanol content), are the dominant consumer goods in everyday life. According to Ewey, the market for soft beverages in 2023 reached $643.6 billion and is at a steady growth stage of maturity, in which bottled water, carbonate drinks, juices, or teas, together account for a drop in comparison with the past, but remain above 85%, energy.
In recent years, beverages have gained a better momentum, raising their share to 8.9%, becoming an important branch of soft beverage. They have grown at the best rate in the last 10 years, selling nearly 60 billion. Energy beverages have resistant functional properties and mild addictions, leading to higher repurchase rates and sticky consumption, which support a rapid increase in sales, according to Eury, 2023 energy beverage market regulations.
The model is 57.6 billion yuan, with a combined growth rate of 11.8% over the last 10 years, higher than the overall soft drinks rate of 4.1%, and is the best-growing group in soft drinks, the scene and the taste of fission, which is expected to drive a steady growth of the industry together. According to Eugão, the per capita consumption of energy-drinking materials in 2023 was 2.08l, far from 3.83l/persons in Japan and 10.34l/persons in the United States, there is still much room for development.
Speeding up, increasing pressure and increasing market growth by track participants, increasing consumer awareness and acceptance of energy beverages, gradually expanding consumption from a blue-collar group dominated by manual labour to brain workers such as white collars and students, and consumption from fatigue scenes such as late-night overtime to recreational scenes such as parties, tourism, and it is expected that the future will continue to grow in crowds and scenes.
In addition to the important drivers of growth in industry, energy beverages in the market, which are mostly based on red cows, are relatively homogeneous and still have much more room for opening up than the many American tastes, such as at least 39 burners, and future anticipated innovations in taste, health, packaging, etc., will also be one of the dynamics of industry growth.
(ii) Industry development: with red cows, growing industries: with red cows, growing. Domestic energy beverages were opened with the introduction of the Wabing Group, and after many years of pre-breeding, consumers initially completed their recognition and recognition of energy beverages. This was accompanied by rapid economic development.
The construction, freight, express delivery, take-out, etc. industries have risen, the number of blue collars has risen rapidly, and energy beverages have infiltrated, attracting a large number of participants as well. Early on, the red bulls were the only ones, but their share has fallen sharply as the trademarks have been mired in disputes.
Slow down, but the consumer population and consumption scenes continue to expand, and it is expected that the industry will continue to grow robustly. (1) The budding period (1927-2002): the first generation of energy drinks (lucozade) appeared in the United Kingdom in 1927, followed by the birth of red cows in Thailand in 1966 and various energy beverages in 1995 with the introduction of Thai red cows by the Wabing Group.
The country, where the energy beverages industry is officially starting and the market is entering a start-up phase. (2) The early stages of growth (2003-2015): according to Ewe data, the domestic energy beverages retailing was 35% in 2009-2015, the fastest growing subcategory in the soft beverage industry.
During this period, the Red Bull, with its pre-emptive advantage, was forced to capture, according to the consumer’s mind, a market share of nearly 90%, which was gradually increasing as industry actors, such as the Wakhat launch in 2012, the power of power, and the power of energy drink.
In 2013, the Dali Group launched LV and in 2014, Henan Middle Power, among others, the red cow market was shaken and, according to EUW, its share fell to 76 per cent in 2015 but remains in absolute leadership. (3) The pattern re-engineering period (2016-to date): according to EW, the domestic energy beverage retail value was cagr for 2016-2023.
Increased learning pressure, a rich urban event scene, a growing energy-drinking and consumption landscape, which has gradually expanded from freight drivers, construction workers, couriers, take-out workers, etc. to groups such as white collars, students, etc., as well as from late-night, overtime and sports fatigue to leisure events such as gatherings, tourism, electric competitions, music festivals, etc., have become important drivers of industry growth.
At the same time, the Red Bulls began to fall into a state of dispute, and the country's product brands turned against the window. In 2016, Bing and Tianxi started a long lawsuit on the duration of the Red Bull brand (50 years vs. 20), during which part of the channel was forced down and the sales of the Wabing Bull stopped, Tianx also introduced the Red Bull Anaki, the red cow smelt its share, and the parties got into a dispute that led to red.
In 2023, the share of the Red Bull market has fallen to 53 per cent, with thugs (17 per cent), luggers (6 per cent), midvo (6 per cent) and battle horses (4 per cent) located in the second echelon, with a strong industry pattern.
Figure 23: The history of the Red Bull trademark rights dispute, which has not yet been resolved (iii) Industry characteristics: good track, good pattern, good growth space, good pattern, good growth space for energy beverage. Energy beverage is a good track, good pattern, and robust space for growth.
Most of them contain addictive components such as caffeine, and therefore consumer demand, stickyness, and high repurchase rates also determine the industry’s own high ceiling. In terms of patterns, the Red Bulls have taken up the vast majority of the market share at an early stage, but the pace of expansion has slowed, and other brands have taken advantage of the rise and the seizure of their share to become more competitive.
(1) Good track: needs, mild addiction, high repurchase rates, long life cycles. Energy drinks often contain caffeine, amino acid, vitaminb, etc., and have the effect of alleviating fatigue, supplementing energy, refreshing the brain, which is a need-required presence for most long-term/heavy workers, with a broad consumer population and expanding as life pressure increases, while at the same time
There are also addictive ingredients such as caffeine, high repurchase rates and stickyness among consumers, resulting in a longer life cycle than common beverages, a short decline in the size of the Red Bull market in 1995 and the impact of the trademark rights dispute in 2016, but the volume of retail sales has increased in recent years. (2) The pattern is excellent: market concentration is high and industry patterns are strong.
Other brands have taken advantage of the rise, while others have been marginalized by issues such as product positioning, resource investment, etc., and have ended up in a highly competitive and highly concentrated pattern. According to Ewe, the Red Bull has been the first in a row, but its share has been significantly smaller than in the past, retailing has remained largely stable at 50-55%, the East Peng has been strong and its share has continued to rise, reaching 17% in 2023 and is in the industry.
Second, tiggers, body energy, and battle horses account for only a single-digit share of the market. In 2017-2023, the energy beverages cr5 were located in roughly 85-90% of the area, and the cr3 was located in 75-80% of the area, with a high concentration of the industry and a relatively stable pattern of competition. (3) Growth is strong: demand is strong and industry is large.
Cafés, on the one hand, are efficient and lightly addictive products, consumer dependence and high repurchase rates, on the other hand, apply to a wide range of population groups, with the exception of special groups such as children and adolescents and pregnant women, where adults are able to drink. As the pressure to study at work increases, urban events are rich, and energy-beverage groups and scenes expand, it is expected to contribute to steady industrial growth.
In 2023, according to Ewe, our energy and beverages industry was 57,570 million yuan, with a per capita consumption of 208 million yuan, at a distance of 3.83l, 10.34l, 11.41l from the more mature cities of Japan, the United States, the United Kingdom, and much more room for development, if the average per capita consumption of Japan and the United States were to be measured separately in the medium and long term at a retail average price of 18 yuan, 15 yuan/l, at 1.4 billion yuan and 1.3 billion people.
In the medium term (5-10 years) or 96.5 billion yuan, long (ten years and more) or 2016 billion yuan, the country’s energy beverages. (iv) Brand competition: how do the red cow lawsuits make the biggest beneficiaries?
In the wake of rapid growth, Japanese import brands such as Japanese health care, British grapes, etc., have been joining, and national brands have been emerging. After years of development, the market pattern has gradually shifted from a “big red cow” to a “big red cow” and products such as East Plum, Lagos, and Body Energy have emerged rapidly, with Middle Eastern pelicans showing even greater performance, with sales below Red Bulls accounting for only 31% in 2023 (Nelson caliber).
An analysis of the characteristics of brand development, the high-quality price of products such as Orang Peng, Lok-Hu, and physical energy, which avoids positive opposition to red bulls, opens markets more easily than medium-to-high-end products, and the greater success of the Orang-Pang is largely due to a more focused, two decades of deep cultivation, which brings cumulative advantages of products, channels and brands. In particular:
1) Red Cows: energy drinkers with a high level of market awareness and brand sticky. But since 2016, they have been mired in trademark rights disputes, with damaged channel resources, weak marketing, and impact on brand image and city penetration.
The number of domestic sales continues to be the highest in the year. 3) Tigers: higher quality, with a Dari channel advantage, but not focused on resources. In 2013, the Dary Group launched the Laugher Health-care function, approved by the National Directorate of Pharmacy Monitoring, and deployed the highest quality marketing team as a priority project, the National Synchronized Market.
The multi-brand development strategy, which takes advantage of the group ' s marketing and channels to achieve a rapid start, with a 31.7 per cent increase in retail sales in 2014-2019, has made it difficult for the group to maintain a sustained concentration of inputs in the single category, with a significant drop in the Quake Plus in 2020-2023 owing to the large number of products under the Dali group, including pastries, biscuits, chips, cold tea, soy milk, etc.
4) Body energy: high-quality, government-supported, but lacking blue hat labels, with a wide variety of resources. Henan Central is the largest food business in Henan Province, and its development has been supported by local governments. In mid-2014, the launch of a large 600ml-sized brand, which opened up the North ' s markets quickly at a very low price, was marked by a significant regional advantage, but due to a lack of blue hats.
In addition to the energy series, the Chinese flag includes drinking water series, tea juice, coffee, milk tea, etc., and the product lines are relatively rich, resourceful or fragmented. 5) Battle Horses: Wabing brands, promoted under the Red Bull channel.
The branding, the positioning of younger consumer groups, prices, taste-to-mouth red bulls, and the fast-painting of red cow channels, has developed relatively slowly, but the branding is late and the location is not sufficiently differentiated. 6) Import brands: high pricing/difficulties/indigestion deficiencies/channels are poorly implemented. Japan’s health-care beverages are priced at high prices.
And the product name, packaging, taste more like medicine, which affects development to some extent; the English grape taste is more controversial, sold to Japan in 2013 and then gradually exits the domestic market; the Anlexs are high-end and expensive; the claws, while enjoying the advantages of a coca Cola supply chain and channel, have a lack of communication with channels, terminals, strategies have a low impact, and the product's gas content is not acceptable.
7) Other brands: high pricing/mixed pricing/inadequate brand mind. Unanimous awakening & burning, plentiful of staple foods, more expensive; makhaki prices for red cows and introduction of the concept of dietary loss, but vague overall positioning and marketing of crude products.
The spleen is difficult to raise and is still relatively small; the price of the Ely Awakening Source vs. the red bull is limited to a lack of brand mind, but it is limited to the main branded products of the energy beverage industry, figure 27: Comparison of major brand products in the energy beverage industry, III. Energy beverages: the advantage of differential construction, nationalized contribution increases
The company quickly opens the energy beverages market at high-quality prices and differentiated packaging and expands to the country as a whole, actively building a digital operating system to improve the efficiency of its operations and of its management decision-making, in addition to increasing the range and density of its channels on a continuous basis. At the same time, multi-form, high-frequency, full-covering marketing activities take on the first association in times of hardship, creating a national brand image.
For more than a decade, the company has developed a strong edge in products, channels, and brands, and the doppelganger has become a 10 billion-grade monolith. For the company, it is still in the growth phase of strengthening nationalization, with uneven regional development, with room for improvement in the number of out-of-provincial points and single-point sales, with over 20 billion people expected to drink in the country in the medium term, and an increase in the amount of space available overseas.
(i) Competitive advantages: High prices, strong channels, strong brands, and branding of the Red Bull brands provide opportunities for development, and in the process, they have been built to create their own competitive advantages. First, at the product level, they anchor large groups of blue collars, opening markets quickly with high-quality prices and unique patent wrappings, and gradually occupying them.
The consumer mentality of price-sensitive groups has created demand stickers; at the sub-channel level, which has been rapidly paved from Guangdong to the whole country, leading the industry, the digital operating system of the Ma has been improved and has now been consolidated into powerful functions such as marketing analysis, age analysis, consumer links, operator management, salesman management, terminal services, anti-trace management, etc., which has greatly improved the efficiency of channel operation and management decision-making;
At the brand level, multi-form, high-frequency, full-cover marketing spreads, captures the consumer ' s first thoughts at a time of hardship, and gradually raises brand heights to the national level, raising brand visibility and reputation.
The main ones include 250ml gold bricks (end sale $2), 250ml small gold bottles ($3), 250ml gold cans ($4) and 500ml large gold bottles ($5), of which 500ml gold bottles contribute the bulk of the revenue. The efficiency, taste, and red bulls, with a much lower doubling of capacity.
Focusing on high-line cities, targeting more powerful consumers, such as white collars, sports fans, and the doppelganger, targeting the market below the price of red bulls, with a price of only $5 for 500 ml bottled sales and a lower doubling of capacity, mainly for people with a plentiful demand but a price-sensitive type, such as truck drivers/sellers/quicks/builders.
Acid, 20mg caffeine, 20mg caffeine, which are similar in composition and efficacy, but at a price of only 42% of the price per 100ml sold by red cows, with a combination of preferential activities such as "one dollar" and "scanning" and "red-coloured" and more sexualized packaging. Early energy beverages are often packed in gold-coloured cans, and the company started the pet plastics in 2009.
Bottle wrapping and unique dust cover patent design, with 250 ml bottled special drinks, breaking the market for energy beverages canned, opening the market quickly. Bottles are not only suitable for many scenarios, such as driving or going out, but they also solve the problem of pain spots that cannot be stored indefinitely, while at the same time have a greater advantage than traditional flavours in material costs, and patent-specific dust cover designs are designed to prevent dust.
It can also be used as as as an ashtray, sharing cups, etc., with more added value, much more popular with consumers. Energetic beverages, more for a more price-sensitive group of blue-collars, with differentiated pricing and packaging more appropriate to the needs of the target group, folding energy beverages to relieve fatigue, complementing the functional properties of energy, and
Lightly addictive, consumers become more likely to buy sticky, which leads to a higher degree of brand loyalty. Figure 28: Unit prices and main components of mainstream energy beverages in the market.
After many years of exploration and construction, companies have developed a very competitive system of channels, with significant advantages in terms of accelerating market penetration, strengthening channels control, and improving efficiency. The three main features are the company’s adoption of a locally adapted channel model, the introduction of a system of mail operators in the core market, and the rapid breakthroughs in the weak regions based on large modes of circulation that accelerate the country’s growth.
The second is the development of a digital control system with full access, real-time tracking of stocks, sales, deep movement of channels and more efficient operations; and the third is the retention of sufficient profit and incentives to mobilize sufficient incentives and enhance the thrust of the channels. The channel model is: regional tillage, which is adapted to local conditions, accelerates market penetration.
In the early stages of nationalization, most of Guangzhou Province was a major business, with relatively rough management of channels, and Lu Yifo, the general manager of the marketing centre, was hired in 2018 as the head of the marketing department. He gradually began to strengthen his finer management, designing different marketing strategies based on market maturity, end-of-the-place layout, etc., and accelerating market penetration.
1) Core markets - All-channel farming. Central markets in Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, and China mainly follow a fully-channeled business model, with experienced sales teams and wholesalers/posters introduced on a dealer basis, forming a channel model for “distributors-posters/ Wholesales-end-doors” to speed up the season's turnover, reduce distribution radius to rural or remote areas, and promote channels
Among them, companies enter into tripartite contracts with postman and provide support in terms of exclusive prices, distribution subsidies, etc., and postman shares the money, storage, distribution pressure of distributors, and uses their personal resources to support the development of the Doppelagic Web site and increase sales. 2) Other regions – large-scale modes of circulation. Other regions are well-funded, well-channeled and better market-based.
Dealers cooperate, with distributors primarily responsible for the maintenance and execution of terminals, and companies provide distributors with advertising, marketing training and digital empowerment: full-link access, channel operation effectiveness. The company launched a digital change in its channels in 2015, with innovative introduction of big data, two-dimensional technology, successive bottle lids, box codes, one dollar-enjoy activities, etc., not only promoting end sales, but also through the Bottles.
Box Linking achieves bc end-to-end connections, which effectively motivates the end-to-end multiples, multiples. After a full remodeling of the production line, the company goes on to the horse, "Bottle Box Links, Five Codes, Five Codes: Inner Codes, Outer Codes, Out-of-box Codes and Numbers, which achieves an over-use, One-Screech, One-Screen Links. On the basis of a five-Screen Link, the company achieves "f (Colders) 2b " (Earmarkers) " .
2b (end-door) 2c (consumer) “digital management closed, allowing full process dynamic tracking of product production, storage, warehousing, sales, write-offs, etc., prevention of tradable markets, real-time control of market movements, channel stocks, etc. Vice-President Jiang Vivi shared that at 8 a.m. each morning, the Dopton Data Assistant would send sales and stock daily reports, including a daily report.
Multiple-dimensional details of deposits, sales, unpacking, channels inventory, days of inventory, etc. Through big data, companies will rationalize the allocation of resources for procurement, personnel, production, supply chains, etc., develop targeted marketing strategies, improve the quality of decision-making, and improve funding.
Incentives: channel profits are higher than those of peers, team incentives are diverse and adequate. Director Wood said that, in order to fully mobilize channels, company profits are higher than 20% of the average channel profits of the same industry. Our analysis mainly benefited from: 1) Cost and regulatory capacity. First, the pet bottle is less expensive than the traditional two cans and three cans.
The Māori rate is better than the same gold cans and bricks (40 per cent of the VS cans in 2020); and secondly, the director's intensive work industry, which for decades has been sensitive to the price of raw materials, has been able to lock prices in a flexible manner in line with market conditions, while the scale effect has gradually become apparent as the volume of sales continues to increase; and thirdly, early times, the company has managed to operate barely on the basis of the tea of the ass.
Cost, optimization of production, and accumulated experience. 2) Digital marketing systems have strengthened channels of control, tight resistance to cargo runs, clarity and transparency across the chain, reduced excess losses, and increased efficiency in the investment of resources. In addition to the high profitability of the channels, companies have also provided a wealth of incentives to operators, distributors, mail operators, etc.
1) Operators: Defined route tasks, accumulated work credits, etc., through the autonomous development of the “Punton News” system, and directly linked points to pay Incentives to guide operators to correct and efficient work; 2) Distributors: Introduction of investments in 2016 to achieve market ownership, deep binding of company and dealer interests, conversion of traditional distributioner relationships into market partnership models in 2017
(c) Posters: site development incentives, fee subsidies, etc.
Figure 33: Rapid growth in the number of company terminal active sites3 Brands: full-scale saturation marketing, national branding, highly contagious advertising slogans, brainwashing myths. Red cow dumps the slogan "Long-drinked Red Bull" in 2013.
Instead of "You have more energy than you can imagine," Dong Peng took advantage of it and introduced "Little tired and drunk" and "Young must wake up" double-slogan, each responding to consumption needs and spiritual pursuits, which are easily resonanced, with a short sentence of anchoring product brands, a precise picture of the scene, the needs and the solutions, a catchy, contagious reading, and a brainwashing phrase.
Full-scale saturated marketing, air + ground capture of consumers' minds. After the model market was successfully constructed, the company left in 2013 and branding was strengthened throughout the country, with continuous intensification of the “dry-drinking-drink-drink-drink-drink-drinking” mental occupation through multi-form, high-frequency, full-cover marketing activities. The company adhered to the customer strategy of the “Twenties 20” focus group, combining Gold, drops, drops, and goods.
Tools such as Lara communicate in depth with core consumers and communicate under-brand branding through staircases, placement in core subway packages, high-iron high-screening, highway billboards, and on-line branding through star voice, hard-blowing, TV drama & polymagnetic implants (the first to jump a Band-Aid ad) and live sponsorship of popular events such as the World Cup.
In the case of young people, the Hong Kong Professional League, the “hi World Street Dance Championship” and the nybo Youth Basketball contests are competitions for the company's deep-coloured kings, and they interact deeply with young people through new marketing methods such as new and emerging Internet platforms such as tremors, small red books, etc.
In 2023, the company took advantage of international events such as the Asian Games in Hangzhou, launched its first national branding initiative, "Fight for the Nation, Power for the Dong Peng", through the national media platform of the central television station, and in 2024, the world champions of the lead ball, the Asia records keeper of the Xie earthquake industry and the gymnastics champion Liu Yung showed up again.
By linking the Orang brand to the image of the nation, it fully interprets the spirit and the role of the nation, further improves the quality, spleen, and demonstrates the company’s vision of medium- and long-term investment in the image, value, and reputation of its products. As the future goes, more publicity will take place.
It is hoped that the image of the Tung Peng brand will take hold. Figure 36: Tung Peng builds super-burned subway theme stations.
(ii) Space for the future: the national chemical process has not been completed, the foreign market has not yet gained initial strength, the overseas market has not yet gained initial strength and the volume of sales has not been capped. On the domestic front, the company, which started from Guangdong, has been passing radiation throughout the country, is still in the growth phase of strengthening nationalization, there is an imbalance between regions, and the number and single points of out-of-town networks are still growing.
We measure by two means that the medium-term dimension of East Ponto's domestic income is expected to be 20 billion yuan, at least double the growth space in 2023: overseas, companies are also actively exploring opportunities for development, developing energy beverage products for export to the United States, South Korea, Malaysia, etc., and exporting them to 18 countries and regions abroad through traders.
In the medium term, the country will continue to be the main battleground for East Ponto, and through both industry and company calculations, we will come to a more consistent conclusion that the medium-term dimension is expected to reach a sales volume of 20 + billion yuan, specifically:
1) Measuring energy beverages per capita in Japan from an industry perspective in the medium term, assuming that the market share for the sale of doppelgangers continues to rise, with a neutral expectation that the doppelganger volume will reach 23.6 billion yuan, an increase of 129% from 2023.Ewyn figures show that per capita energy beverages in China, Japan, the United States were 2.08l, 3.83l, 10.34l in 2023.
With its diverse taste and packaging, the United States has achieved a larger number of people, scene coverage, a significant lead in per capita consumption, and my country is still in the early stages of energy-drinking, crowd-breeding, relatively homogeneous products, longer hours per person than the United States (about 1.4 times) and more labour-intensive, which means that there is still much room for energy-beverages in the country.
In addition, according to Nelson, in 2023, the market for East Pune was 43.02 per cent, an increase of about 6.3 pct over the same year, and the company’s market share is expected to rise as the nationalization strategy continues. The domestic population has fallen by about 0.6 to 1.4 billion people; 2) it is assumed that the price of the East Pong plant will remain constant.
2) From a company perspective, pessimistic/neutral/optimistic assumptions are that the volume of energy beverages sold (out-of-plant caliber) in the lower east will be reached. According to the offer statement, the company ' s national terminal was increased from less than 900,000 to 1.2 million in 2020, with more than 600,000 to more than 900,000 in the province of Guangdong, almost all of which is added to the network from outside the province.
And, with slow growth, Guangdong is expected to grow slightly each year over 300,000 households. Given the increase in regional contributions outside the second curve in 2023, we have used data from 2022 as the basis for our calculations, using only the Guangdong province-other beverages camps to calculate the revenue of Guangdong Province.
In 2022, more than 3 million of the company ' s active national terminal sites, assuming that the number of Guangdong sites had grown to 350,000 and that the remaining regional points were distributed according to the distribution of distributors, the number of China-East/China-China/Gwangxi/South-West/North China sites was estimated to be 39,579,000,993 million: single-point income, approximately $8,671 in 2022, Guangdong Province, Washington-China/China-China/South-West/China-China/China
With reference to the number of Red Bulls, Master Kang's Web site, pessimistic/neutral/optimistic assumptions, the number of medium- and long-term Internet sites in the company will reach 400/420/43 million, of which Guangdong and Guangxi markets are largely mature and the number of web sites is expected to remain stable, while the number of other regional points will be measured in relation to the local resident population; in terms of single-point income, the consumption of drinks tends to occur everywhere.
Depending on the level of local economic development, consumption habits, etc., we use data on the per capita consumption of food and alcohol everywhere to determine the potential level of consumption of energy and beverages locally. Under neutral expectations, it is assumed that Guangdong's single-point income is 9,000 yuan/year.
▪ Average per capita consumption of food, tobacco and alcohol in 2022
Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Fuku Sichuan.
Table 5: Sensitivity measurement of the scale of the sale of the energy beverages of the Orang (measured in billions of yuan)
In the past, the company tried to dig deep into the specials series, but given the relative stability of the domestic consumption of energy beverages and the relatively high degree of loyalty to mainstream products and taste, innovations in air, sugar and taste change did not break well. Given the diversity of the beverage track, and the generality and digital operating advantages of the network, the company shifted its thinking around it.
The energy-oriented choice of potentials such as electrolytic beverages, tea beverages, coffee beverages, etc. expands the product class, gradually forming more than one + six competitive potentials, and then expands. The company tries to prioritize energy-related areas with better growth prospects and a market base, not only reducing the cost of pre-school education, but also making it easier to achieve incremental breakthroughs using quality-price advantages.
Before they go out, companies support R & D production by means of market visits, consumer research, competition comparisons, and internal ratings. After anchoring the track and product, companies use a consistent and robust approach, or use the Guangdong as a starting point for gradual radiation across the country (e.g. East Pine, East Peng Water, etc.), or co-opt it at the Guangdong marketing headquarters, and the National Marketing Department (mainly based on the small differences in consumer consumption habits).
The company focuses on extending the existing brand advantage by deciding whether or not to keep the brand, which is the closer to the functional product, based on the criteria of “seeing the properties of the class, the closer to the distance”
As the new product expands, the company has developed a diversified product matrix that not only effectively expands coverage of the population, raises single income, and makes it more economically cost-effective in areas such as freezing and releasing.
(i) Rehydration: Beta & Alpha resonance, all the way to the hysteria, rehydration is electrolytic. Electrolytic beverages are soluble salts such as sodium salt, potassium salt and other nutrients needed to add the organism to the metabolic fluids consumed.
Industry Beta: Epidemic-catalysed heat surges, and the industry is accelerating its growth. National electrolytic beverages originated in 1984, when they first introduced alkaline electrolytic beverages, but the industry has not been warm since then.
As a result of the popular growth in electrolytic beverages, the market for electrolytic beverages increased rapidly from 900 million yuan to 2.7 billion yuan in 2020-2022, with a composite increase of 73 per cent, and the market for disassembly beverages in 2024 may be about 12-15 billion in 2024, up from 300 per cent in 2022, according to the Institute of Research on Forward-looking Industries.
At the same time, with increased branding and social media, the use of electrolytic drinks continues to be enriched, moving from gymnastics, heat and rehydration to learning jobs, outdoor games, electronic games, etc., with new white collars, senior middle-borns and z generations forming the core group of consumers, accounting for nearly 60%. According to the Institute of Ewey, Foresight Industries, the per capita consumption of sports beverages in the Japanese and Korean markets.
At least four times the amount of space, it is expected that major changes in consumer power, the extension of the scene, the abundance of taste will be an important driver of growth in the industry: market patterns: the market continues to expand and the pattern is not yet stable. Under the electrolytic beverages wind, many beverages have accelerated their entry since 2020, and competition has intensified. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, more than half of the electrolytic brands were concentrated in 2022, 2022.
At the same time, the industry continued to expand, with the introduction of 350 ml in 2023, the low-sugar version of "aerobic" electrolytic beverages, the introduction of the "waters" series, the launch of the "emissions such as" series, and the launch of the "e-waters" series.
Other brands, such as the Lake, have been added since April, including the Dalent Group, Unity, Master Kang, and Nestlé. Despite the fact that the alien’s share is in the forefront, there has been a slight decline in the share as competition has increased, given that the industry is still in rapid and long-term, brands continue to loot their share, market patterns are not yet strong, and more high-quality brands and shared industries are expected to emerge in the future.
At the end of 2022, at a time when there was a rapid increase in public awareness of and demand for electrolytic drinks, the company launched a 555ml/1l-size electrolytic drink in January 2023, followed by further lemons, licorices, peaches, zero sugars, etc.
The first half of 2024 saw a 281-per-cent increase in the volume of beverages, a peak of 120,000 boxes in the first half of 2024, over 1.6 million boxes in the end, a further 180,000 boxes in July, and 3 billion boxes in the target year 2026.
The rapid release of the water line, in addition to the industry's beta, has its own alpha, mainly in terms of products, channels, and marketing, as follows:
1) Products; high-quality pricing strategy continues with multi-species multi-species growth. Dong Poon rehydrates 400 mg per litre of electrolytic content, 555 ml/1l specification end retail prices are only $4/6. Compared to 500 ml6 for gas forest aliens, 500 ml5.5-6 for BMW, 500 ml4 for unification of the sea, 600 ml5-6 for Giadry, etc., with more water rehydration capacity and higher prices.
In addition, the company enriches the product matrix and the enabling landscape by eating fissions and expanding specifications. In terms of specifications, a new 380ml vial will be added this year, focusing on easy travel and the small capacity needs of young people, and the 555ml previously used to meet the mainstream needs of the market.
1l for friends and family meetings, long-duration events. 2) Channels: sweatpoint scenes are designed to explode and digital operations are more efficient. The company combines the functional attributes of water recharges with precision positioning, bringing together “sweepers” scenes, focusing on sites, campuses, sports halls, etc., and strengthening staff outreach, freezing displays, and
In addition, the company uses “one size, one size, five yards” for digital transport.
The camp system, which provides access to the full range of one dollar-enjoyment activities, not only quickly increases end-to-end sales, but also provides real-time access to channel data, enabling the fine-tuning of management and decision-making.
Fig. 45: Dong Poon fixes the one-dollar-enjoyment campaign) Marketing: 3D ads are promoted and advocates are promoted. The product name is La Longang, it hits the heart, and it's "tired, drink the East Poont" is very different from the other, and it adds new blue whites, and the product is even more recognizable.
The next time, the company launched a stereo commercial campaign to promote the planting of grass in flats, buses, elevators, film and television and social platforms, and integrated the largest youth basketball event in China – nybo, amateur basketball – bsk, China High School Basketball League, Hangzhou Shimu finals, and Chengdu Town Cup – with a rapid increase in branding.
Quite well, and in association with fans, to promote a healthy and dynamic brand concept that promotes a further break. (ii) Other beverages: a high-quality value-for-goods strategy that broadens the boundaries of the class and fosters new dynamic energy for growth.
The growth potential of the second and the rest of the monolith is sustained, with an increase of 172%. From the point of view of the new product, companies have always kept their insight into the market, giving preference to areas that are energy-related, have a better development potential and have a market base, and have followed a consistent high-quality price strategy to capture consumers, relying on an increasingly sophisticated network of channels, new products, etc.
In terms of industry and product dimensions, the company has its own game of new product layout, with a high success rate and a high loss rate: 1) industry dimension: one high-quality potential track, and two followers. An analysis of the industry in which the new product is located reveals the company.
The long-term trends in the consumption of the chosen contest, such as healthy sugar reduction (sugar-free tea, vegetable beverages) and catering to the consumption needs of young people (e.g. coffee, cocktails) have not only strategic advantages for long-term development, but also better suited to the young branding ideas and ideas, while the selected industry is not entirely new but rather forms a certain size, with the leading leader, through the leader.
Early development, the market has a certain cognitive base, companies enter as followers, consumer education costs are reduced, opportunities for industry development are more easily shared, the odds are high, and the costs are high. 2) Product dimensions: continuation of the high-quality pricing strategy. The company follows a high-quality pricing strategy for energy beverages, ensuring quality raw materials and quality.
In the context of the manufacturing process, the prices of products are often lower than those of the mainstream marketed products, and in a weaker current environment, they are easier to become consumers, with some degree of competition. In recent years, consumers have also become more inclined to package large beverages, and companies have been pro-active in offering more nutrient-rich packaging series and 1.25l large packaged sea coconuts, catering for different scenes such as restaurants, parties, etc., to create more competition.
Figure 49: Status of new products in East Plum V, Prospective for Profit and Comparable Valuation (1) East Pine: The East Pine Series is a company core product that will continue to focus on bottled specials in the future and consolidate industry leadership
Status, which is expected to continue to grow at a faster pace as the overall strategic layout deepens. (2) Other beverages: including electrolytic beverages, steam drinks, pre-suppliers, coffee, etc., are expected to increase in line with consumer trends such as market-free sugar, low sugar, composite tea, rich fruit-flavored innovations.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of beverages, such as the East Ponto, the East Peng Waters, the Tea Series, the East Peng Curry Series, etc., and for comparative analysis, we have selected publicly listed companies with similar business content (mainly in the development, production and sale of plant protein beverages based on walnuts), and in Indulu (mainly in plant proteins).
Production and sale of raw materials), Lee groves (research, production and sale of milk and other beverages such as the Sweet Milk Beverage Series in the main business), fragrance (research, production and sale of tea beverage products in the main business in the main business, divided into bubbles and two product plates, i.e., drinking) and farmer springs (products mainly packaged drinking water, tea beverages, functional beverages, etc.) as comparable companies for valuation comparisons.
The annual valuation is 31x, 24x, 19x, and the company has a relatively high value. The company has a strong consumer sticky and growth potential in its energy beverage track. It also has a strong product, channel, and brand advantage, which is expected not only to support a robust growth of the special beverage, but also to consolidate existing channels and brand performance through a multi-product strategy that will foster more growth and better growth prospects.
1. The market demand is not as high as expected: if market demand is low, the company ' s sales revenue may fall.
New products are not performing as expected: if a company sells new goods poorly, it may run the risk of a failure to expand its business and a decline in profits.3 The price of raw materials rises significantly: if raw materials such as pet and white sugar rise significantly, there will be a greater cost pressure on the company.4 Increased competition in the market: increased competition in the industry may lead to a fall in the price of the company ' s sales and, consequently, to a fall in net interest rates.
5. Data measurement or error: some of the data in the report are derived from speculation, estimations, assumptions, measurement processes, etc., or there is an established error that affects accuracy.