The track is snowy, and the new sails are solid, 04/09/04/04/04/04/04.
The company grew from a state-owned beverage factory, which was difficult to run, to a current energy beverage, with both continuous business mapping, insight into consumers, and competitive opportunities. The company’s real-estate handler was replaced by “following”.
In 2016, the Red Bull brand crisis and the 500mipet installation in 2017 grew at a speed of over 10 billion (103.36 billion) in 2023, becoming the norm.
As China’s economy and society continue to grow, Chinese residents are comfortable and healthy with drinks.
The demand for congener, functional properties, etc. is increasing, with China ' s energy beverage sales recovering at an average growth rate of 15.02 per cent in 2014-2019, at the top of the break-up of drinks and at the stage of life cycle growth. Energy beverages are functional, lightly addictive, long-life cycles and high concentration in the industry.
And, with the expansion of the energy-drinking consumer population, the expansion of the packaging pattern, and the gradual increase in the massmarket properties of the energy-drinking beverages, it's clear that the market shares of red bulls and beverages are much higher than those of the rest of the world.
It's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, it's a big one, and it's a new one, and it's a good one, and it's a market.
The multidimensionality of inputs and channels is evident. In our view, the new leader group first has a more prominent class advantage than the older brands, the older brands of the country, and the two players, and the dominant growth group of the new leader basically lies in “energy beverages, bottled water, sports beverages, coffee”.
In the context of sugar-free tea, the second is the more pronounced advantage of localization and, again, of efficiency in decision-making.
The company's electrolytic beverages were launched early in 2023, and the big curry was breaking out of the market.
East Peng beverages (605499): Half-yearly 2021 newspaper                               .
Review: Income continues to rise, accelerating the country ' s growth, reaching a high end-point level of the old-line beverage with more than 3 million targets, increasing the impact of scale and increasing the market power of the end through the enrichment of product matrices and ice-free displays.
As size grows, and based on the company’s excellent operational capacity and financial position, the firm’s strengths in terms of production, marketing, consumer development, branding, and end-use inputs continue to grow. Based on product-based growth performance and fine-tuning management levels, it is covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Curve-making and overall growth; large fluctuations in raw materials, etc. Dong Peng beverages are a scarce growing beverage business, a rock-based energy beverage has a strong advantage, a class of competitive positions have been significantly raised, strong positive feedback has been generated, innovation has been strengthened, channels and end synergies have been highlighted, and as harvests have taken place,
Over 10 billion people, across a combination of competitive power, we believe that the company’s overall competitiveness has moved into the first line of the Chinese beverage industry, and from a single-goods enterprise to an integrated beverage group. Energy beverage slopes are thick, and the prospect of crossing a billion is still wide.
The “channel power” triangle is becoming more stable and balanced, and its excellent supply chain and digitization form an important part of the core competitive power, with short-term price-for-money logic, end-exploitation power, and freeze strengthening its contribution to high income growth.
In the wind, it's amazing. 2.1. Courage, anchoring the energy-drinking track, and Tung Peng's beverages are preceded by Shenzhen City State-owned beverage company, the Dong Peng Bing Beverage Industries of Shenzhen City.
In late 1986, Tung Peng was established as an independent corporate business. The owner of Tung Peng's restaurant, which is a beverage of soybean milk, chrysanthemum tea, and canon tea, made a difficult operation. In September 2003, the entire ownership of the Tung Peng business was evaluated and put on a license and eventually transferred.
Twenty people, including management and staff, with 58.04% ownership of wood and wood work, were transformed into a “gold can cyclone” by the Chinese Red Bull during the same period of business transformation. In the mid-1990s, the Red Bull entered China to open the Chinese market in a joint venture and an authorized business model, becoming a leader in Chinese functional beverages, the Red Bull.
Trademarks and formula holders combine with a strong business mind (known as the “father of the Chinese Red Bull”) to open a business legend. In 1995, the Chinese Red Bull initially established its headquarters in Shenzhen, the District, and began to make a big hand investment in brand dissemination. In 1996 alone, the Red Bulls spent hundreds of millions of yuan on advertising in the late spring of the year, and in the spring of the country's spring.
Trade fairs and sponsorships for the Olympic Games in Atlanta, where the ad, “suffering and drinking red bulls” began to take root, and Chinese consumers began to accept a brand-new functional drink. Through accurate crowd positioning and functional dissemination, continued brands and market inputs, the sales of red bulls gradually opened up, from less than 200 million yuan in 1996 to the sale of Chinese red bulls in 2004.
The sales were over 1 billion yuan and over 5 billion yuan in 2010. Figure 2: Red Bull China, with the title of the 1996 Spring Sugar and Wine Club, shows that it took five years for China Red Bulls to reach $500 million in sales.
From April 1988 to March 1997, the company's controlling manager, director of the Department of Natural Beverages Ltd., Shenzhen Olin, was a substitute for the Chinese Red Cows. In 1997, Lim and others entered the business as deputy director-general.
In addition to the maintenance of the original chrysanthemum tea business, attempts have been made to introduce ginsakes, canned pots (the company was able to obtain a health-care food certificate from the Ministry of Health in 1998 for drinking products) similar to red cows in terms of taste, coloring, and the use of functional beverages just started in late 1990s, with red bulls being an absolute pre-emptive leader and brand-strong.
“Imitators” are not prominent in marketing and are confined to state enterprises, and the market has remained calm. 2.2. Disparities have stagnated, and value for money has continued to benefit from the company's promotion of bottled products in 2009, from packaging to pricing to target reaching the population.
At first, the role of a “follower” did not succeed, while the packaging and pricing innovations opened the door to the doppelganger. On the one hand, the doppelganger, led by the woodwork, continued to study consumers, see consumers’ needs, lock the target population.
Blue-collar groups such as freight drivers, couriers, construction workers, on the other hand, control the cost of the product, as distinct from the cost of red bull gold.
Cans 4 pct.) provide the basis for the price advantage of the Orang. In packaging design, the use of plastic bottles by the Orients not only reduces the cost, but also solves the pain of a laila can, opening a pain point of "either drink it at once or throw it away," which is significantly different from that of a canned red cow.
In detail, the pelicans were very thoughtful, with a dustproof cover on the bottle, a small object that was unexpectedly used by a lot of truck drivers as as ashtrays. Bottled beverages were born in the 1990s, such as the unification and Master Kang's successive roll-out of a pet bottle of iced tea, with its outstanding convenience, to make the drink age-old development, with silver stork peanut milk.
The easier pet packaging has also gained a larger market than traditional canned (meat iron) plant protein beverages, and the fast line of nutrition has been the first to become the first 20 billion-grade supermonition in milk-bearing (cow milk) beverages. Cost-controlled, differential pricing has been used to win consumers at a higher price.
While the most prominent labels of the Red Bull are “sports” and “extreme sports,” the price of $6/cans is significantly higher than the price levels of many beverages. The blue-collar population, such as truck drivers, drop-drop drivers, couriers, etc., are more price-sensitive in the lower cycle of the economy, and in the post-epidemiology era of 2023, the advantage of the East Pants over the price of their drink has spread.
In 2017, the company introduced 500-ml bottled East Pinocchio, with a stronger value for money, with revenues fasting over 250ml mini-golden bottles in 2019, becoming the largest single item in the company ' s energy beverages, and the overall growth has been consolidated.
The company received a health food package in 1998 and launched bottled products in 2009, and only became on track in 2013 for the first replenishment. The two main reasons, we think, are that red bull brands are too strong, red bulls enter China, brands are heavily invested, culture is wolf, sales are strong, and by 2014, we saw red bulls selling 66.8% of retail sales.
Not only did the 79.5% share of retail sales go well ahead of the industry, but the sales price was much higher than the industry, and information on equity transfers between brand premiums showed that the company had only become profitable in 2011 and was less profitable, with net assets below $1, with no premium on the transfer price during the period.
The shareholders and management of the company began to recapitalize the company, expand production and expand the market, with a year-long increase in 2013 into a high-speed development period, and good luck with the introduction of a $297.5 million investment by Junzheng.
In 2014, the share of dopium retail sales was 11.2% (+2.4pt), mainly due to a crisis in Chinese red bulls due to the expiry of their trademarks, observation of channels, loss of distributors, and a serious contraction of market shares. In 2017, the share of red bulls fell from 79.5% in 2014 to 60.4% (-19.1pt).
A large number of competitions benefited, but Dong Poon benefited the most, with an increase of 6.4 pct. The introduction of 500 ml bottled products in 2017 continued to consolidate packaging and value-for-money advantages and better take over the share of the Red Bull.
3.1. Energy beverages are the most growing beverage track, energy beverages are the scenery, the slopes are the thickest and the most growing beverage track. As China ' s economy and society continue to develop, Chinese residents are increasingly demanding such things as convenience, health, functional properties, etc.
Upgrades, such as the steady increase in the size of the market for bottled water, and the steady increase in consumption and consumption of the population, with a breakdown of drinks, i.e. tea (sugar content) and juice, which have slowed down, carbonated drinks, which have grown at a low rate owing to their long development and relatively weak health, and energy beverages, i.e. coffee, bottled water, motor beverages, showing an increase beyond the soft-drinking industry.
Drinking water is 10.78%, while other sources, such as carbonated drinks, juices, or tea and concentrates, are below 2%, with a difference in speed, depending on the size of the industry, energy beverages accounted for 7.92% of China’s retail beverage in 2019 and are growing during the life cycle of the group.
Figure 8: China ' s combined average increase in beverage sales in 2014-2019
In terms of the size of the industry, the energy beverages are already in size, the concentration of the industry is high, the industry has emerged as two billion-grade enterprises, with sales of red cows exceeding 10 billion yuan in 2012 and a breakthrough of 20 billion yuan in 2014 and a breakthrough of 10 billion in 2023. We believe we can do this.
The fast-growing size of the beverage industry has become a first-class beverage business, with multi-grade competitiveness and further potential for a first-class, integrated beverage enterprise.
Red bulls, beverages such as East Bottles are highly functional, combined with low addictions, long product life cycles, high concentration in the industry. High functionality, with consumers buying with great purpose, values their “quick-reducing fatigue, brain-aware” effect, and taste, price and packaging are secondary factors, with a high repurchase rate subject to functional recognition.
Caffeine is often included, so it is as addictive as drinks such as Coke, coffee, and brand loyalty as compared to the retail sales of energy beverages in 2023, which amounted to 84.2%, and the top four players have not changed since 2014. Retail sales in 2023 amounted to 85.5%, or higher average retail prices for the top five.
Energy beverages have massmarket properties, energy beverages have massmarket attributes, not pure nichemarket properties.
From a product point of view, energy beverages are different from bottled water in the industry, where the basis of bottled water (drying) is more comprehensive for the population, with little or no age and scene constraints, with higher frequency of drinking (high human demand for water and water content of over 50% body weight), but some of the underlying elements of the energy beverage still make it look like it.
The elements of a beverage product are refined as content, packaging, pricing, preservation period, etc., and the content determines the basic routing properties of the product, meets the usual perception, the packaging conforms to the content preservation and presentation requirements, and the content and packaging determines the preservation period.
Cost/pricing is also determined jointly by content, packaging, and safety (premise period), and content (premise consumption habits), packaging is also relevant to the consumption scene, especially when catering is generally in a separate packaging form, and the packaging requirements are more pronounced for ease of carrying and small quantities of consumption; packaging patterns and security period determine operational difficulties - for example, low-temperature milk
The difficulty of operating, the short shelf hours, the demand for higher turnover rates, and the more limited transport radius have all led to a limited collection of a single low-temperature milk company. Uht fungicide and bagging are milk processes and packaging revolutions, leading to significant growth in the milk industry, the resolution of radius problems, and shelf problems, which have led to a sustained increase in milk consumption per capita.
Figure 12: Elements of beverage products Consumer perceptions Content
The pet packaging of energy beverages has significantly reduced the price of sales and increased portability and the utility of multiple drinks, thus increasing consumption patterns and consumers. The introduction of the pet packaging of beverages has been revolutionary, and the fast lines of silver ore peanut milk and nutrients have increased their sales through packaging innovations in both protein and milk-bearing beverages.
On packaging, the energy beverages adapt to multiple forms (cans, boxes, bottles) packaging, consumption scenes, and consumption habits, are highly adaptable and possess the attributes of massmarkets. Leats are considered to be the most appropriate packaging form for most beverages, inhibition of light, greater than pet, and have a slightly lower preservation period for content than canned (negative canning processes, or simple metal cans) and longer.
And it's easier to carry than canned, drinking and drinking from a different angle than a pet bottle. From an audience point of view, energy beverages, while initially opening the market to labour-intensive and tired people, such as taxi drivers and couriers, are generally available to “weary” populations, with only children and pregnant women being ill.
With, in the context of sustained economic and social development, a high pace of life and work stress, high participation in sports and fitness, high vehicle penetration and higher travel activity, the general population of energy beverages is much broader, and the main consumer population has grown from long-time drivers at work, blue-collar workers, couriers, health-care workers to white collars, students to more consumer groups, etc.
The cost scenes also extend from overtime, nighttime and sports scenes to more leisure consumption scenes such as parties, new games, electric competitions, music festivals and daily health care.
4.1. On the front line to the platform, the multi-grade strategy “1+6” divides the beverage industry into four broad categories, the late start-up of the dung beverages (specific energy-drinking) and the new beverage enterprise, which also has several meanings: 1) to occupy the mainstream category of the weather lanes and to grow up well in large monolithics;2
Innovation is strong, the matrix is gradually enriched and the new products are performing well; (3) the multidimensionality of market inputs and channels is sunk. Dong Peng's beverages are not only new beverage companies, but are also part of the new leader group of beverages that we define. In 2023, the company generated $11.26 billion (without taxes) from the sale of its drinking products.
In the case of the "Girl" group, the dominant growth category of the new leader is basically within the "energy beverages, bottled water, sports beverages, i.e. coffee, sugar-free tea" range, followed by more home-grown advantages, which are once again an advantage in decision-making efficiency. Companies not only collect millions of dollars, but maintain strong growth momentum in the first half of 2024.
At the beginning of the year, “water-up” was officially launched. By September 2023, “water-up” sales had reinforced the company's second curve letter.
Hearts. In 2023, the company identified a strategy of "1+6 " . On the basis of energy beverages, a systematic introduction of electrolytic beverages (updating water), coffee (coffee), sugar-free tea (team tea on the east side), cocktails (vivi), coconuts (sea coconuts), big packaging beverages (plant/tea beverage series brands, bellows, green tea, nine skins, etc.)
Product combinations, which are the six best available categories selected by the company and are in line with market research and data feedback. 4.2. Electrolysis water and sugar-free tea are available.
The Institute of Forward-looking Industries has defined 2022 as the Year of Electrolysis Water, which we believe can be counted in 2020, mainly as a result of a significant increase in consumer awareness and interest, an acceleration of internal capital entry, and a significant increase in the volume of electrolytic water state product brands.
By 2022, the industry’s size began to expand. The new coronary outbreak had a catalytic effect on the outbreak of electrolytic water, which, according to the 100-degree search index, peaked in electrolytic water search at the peak of the epidemic in December 2022.
Farmer Springs and Hua Yuibao are relatively older, but the product is also in the process of upgrading, as the market for electrolytic water grows, particularly with the outbreak of electrolytic water from the gas forest “alien” brand, which triggered the internal energy enthusiasm, which peaked in 2022.
Similar to energy beverages, the drinking population and scenes of electrolytic water continue to expand, moving from “movement” to diversity. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries: Insight Report on the Market in China’s Electrolysis Beverages Industry 2023, sports scenes are the most important consumption scenes, fitness people are key users of electrolytic water, and 28% of consumers drink electrolyte beverages in their sports.
Forty-four per cent of consumers drink electrolytic drinks after sports, and the share of non-motion scenes is rising, with the highest proportion of outdoors playing, reaching 25 per cent, followed by study work, 19 per cent, regulation, 11 per cent, and electric games. Sugarless drinks flourish, sugar-free tea is an important branch of sugar-free drinks, and dragon-heading farmers' springs are laid earlier.
The biggest gains are now being made. In East Asia, a deep culture of tea consumption and a rising awareness of the health of the population are the underlying logic behind the rise of sugar-free tea.
The share of sugar-free tea is only 7.7%, which is much lower than in Japan and other Asian countries. In 2023, the Farmers Spring collected $12,659 million in tea and beverage products, an increase of 83.3% compared to the previous year, which determined that the proceeds from the sale of unsugar tea-free monolithed eastern leaves grew faster.
The report states that the volume of sugar-free tea (retail sales) doubled in 2023, increasing at a faster rate than that of the beverages industry as a whole and the tea-saling type in which it is located. Of this, the overall sale of beverages rose by 6%, or 19%, while the number of sugar-free teas in tea was 110%. In 2022, there were 93 single items on the national market for sugar-free tea.
In 2023, 157 cases were recorded. In 2023, sugar-free tea continued to erupt, and we estimated that the size of the sugar-free tea market was over 7 billion in 2022, reaching 11-12 billion in 2023, with a high industrial profile.
Coffee, the third of which is rtd, is bottled coffee. The coffee market is the highest, and the current coffee brand in China is expanding rapidly, with a sharp increase in consumer convenience and high value for money. And the existing coffee brands, such as Starbucks, are also promoting bottled coffee in the commercial super-ka and circulation channels, with a strong consumer in the second-line cities.
We believe that the expansion of coffee-drinking populations is the basis of the future market for rtd coffee, which is still not yet supplemented.
As far as product innovation is concerned, Dong Poon has taken the lead in the introduction of coco lattes in the pet-café peer, and maintains high prices.
By contrast, in October 2023, Tung Poon Curry introduced a new taste of coconut latte, opting for the import of coconuts in South-East Asia, and using the raw-cooking process to preserve the smell of natural coconut milk. The coffee beans, when compared to the two beans of the arabica and Robusta coffee beans, did preserve the strong fragrance of coffee. Coconut content in products > 8%, provided consumers with abundant nutrition without excessive heat, low sugar.
The caffeine content of 200 mg/kg, free of trans-fat acids, ensures both the espressure of coffee and the consumer’s concern for a healthy diet, in line with the trend of modern people to seek healthy, low-card diets.
These two groups of students are the main consumer of coffee. Working people often deal with high-intensity jobs and need coffee.
In April 2024, the Chinese Human Resources Platform, which is the leading human resource platform in China, recruited the Union, launched the cross-border marketing of the "One Day Expedition Officer" and invited eight industries from different fields.
The Big Curry helps the field, uncovers the key rules for job-seekers to develop their careers. The Big Curry is keen to capture white-collars as key players in the field, eager to break through the career path and achieve their own internal needs, and, through cross-border cooperation, to bring brands and the culture of the workplace closer together, providing an opportunity for job-seekers to work together.
This kind of interactive marketing not only enhances the brand image, but also enhances its influence among the white-collar population.
We expect to see an increase in sales in the Tung Poon market in the year and a half of 2024. Figure 20: The share of sugar-free tea in the instant tea beverage in countries. Figure 21: Launching the Big Curry Book
4.3. Replace the traditional “Voice, reputation, loyalty” model with the “Voice, visibility, loyalty” model, with the “Focus, visibility, loyalty” model, with the view that product presentation solutions are visible, mass communication solutions are visible, and people on the scene address loyalty in three areas.
The dimension, in the depths of the doppelganger drink, "converts the flow into real sales." The entry display, which leads the final number to the first industry camp. "Exposition is the biggest ad, "product is the best medium," and the decision-making patterns for drink consumption differ from other products, and consumers buy more in a timely and motivated manner.
“Visualness” is the solution to the problem of products that are “available everywhere”. The basis for the presentation is the channel point, where companies have continued to accelerate the development of business members with digitization since 2020, where there are currently more than 3.4 million active business outlets (data reported in 2023), where the retail terminal has been opened as a long-term project, and where the Orang Peng has completed the “original accumulation”.
On a digital basis, the company filters the most valuable and potential grids, the “high power grids”, to create a strong profile of the high-power grids through freezers, piles, ice stations. The product is the best medium, a good name, a good packaging, that allows the product to be placed on the shelf with its own flow. The company has its own practical name for the product.
Philosophy, beginning in early 2023, the electrolytic drinks were hot, and the name of Dong Peng's "drinked water" was very important. The cost of good name education was minimal, representing both class and brand uniqueness.
The story of "The Ink Clouds" is a high-quality video that is embedded in the +Pals, because they are powerful elements of young people's minds, behind which is a large flow of public consumption needs. The outdoor media, such as ladders, buses, subways, etc., are not dependent on content, can be seen everywhere, and can bring a steady flow, so Dong Peng advertises outdoors every year.
There is a steady input. In the popular algorithm medium, companies believe that they can bring precise flows, such as “water-filling” new products, and they find the original population at the start-up stage, so they choose to grow grasses on a tremor, a little red book. Companies combine them according to the respective advantages of large flows, steady flows, and precision flows.
When brands and products reach the crowd, the company considers which scene the target group is in, and then nurtures the loyalty of the population in a particular setting. The company’s advantage is the driver group, which is further broken down into self-driving owners and professional drivers, with the first speech navigation ad on the Gothic map.
At the same time, during spring and summer, high-flow nodes, high-speed storms have been performed for many years; when you reach a professional driver, the medium is turned into a gang, a salad, a drop-dick driver, and so on, covering both the gas station, the service area, the logistics park, the professional market, the driving school, and the overall pattern of online collaboration, sales promotion and outreach to key populations.
In the 2022 financial report, Dong Peng further divided the group of guests into “drivers” and “blue collars” and “new blue collars” and “recreation” and “white collars” and “students” and “students” and “officials” and “students” and “students” and “sporters.”
To take stock of Dopium’s brand distribution and growth methods: network coverage, product display, screening of high-power grids for high transformation solutions, visibility; creation and continuous promotion of visibility with a combination of large, steady and sophisticated flows; and creation of crowds.
Special case, continued penetration of key populations, repurchases, and loyalty. 4.4. Acceleration of “freezing” inputs, end advantage beginning to magnify.
To this end, every year before and during the seasons, there will be a "battle fight" and a strong end-freeze display, one of the most effective strategies to block competitions and raise the volume of sales. The most conventional idea of strong ice-freezing is that manufacturers/brands throw freezer cabinets at the terminal, but the drop-out cabinets are suitable for product rectangulation.
The economics of companies to host cabinets have increased considerably with the abundance of their stocks of products such as Coca-Cola, Peasant Springs, Master Kang, Mae Forest, and so on. For this company, the additions to the freezers in 2021, 2023, and 2024 are the main contribution to the growth in sales costs.
Figure 24: Features of water recharge, Figure 25: Frozen displays of beverages, Figure 26: Increases in company sales costs in recent years (higher impact of the 2022)
Investment in branding promotion activities, with additional ad hoc roll-out costs of $9,94,249,000; 2) to further expand the impact of large distribution channels and to increase market ownership of products, there has been an increase in the number of roll-out channels such as ice depositors over the same period the previous year, at a cost of approximately $13,42.12 million; 3) companies have advanced their nationalization strategy, increasing the number of sales personnel and upgrading their companies
The increase in the salaries of sales personnel and the salaries of sales personnel has led to a greater increase in the cost of sales than in the same period last year. 506 million (+34.94 per cent) in sales costs in 2023, the reason for the change: 1) 26.21 per cent increase in employee remuneration expenditures, the company ' s efforts to move forward with the implementation of the nationalization strategy and further increase in the scale of sales, as a result of the increase in the number of sales personnel; 2) publicity
The increase in spending on extension fees was 35.69 per cent, as a result of increased freezer inputs. 205 million dollars (+52.53 per cent) in the first quarter of 2024, “mainly due to the increase in the number of freezers by companies during the current period, the growth in corporate revenue has accelerated to 47.88 per cent, and the increase in net profit for mothers has accelerated by 74.62 per cent.
In January-June 2024, the company continued to pursue its nationalization strategy and, through the fine-tuning of channels, continued to strengthen its channel operation capacity, continued to strengthen its frozen construction and to increase the visibility of its products and boost its end-of-life sales, while actively exploring the multiplicity of products on the basis of sustained growth through the construction of a basic plate for the supply of small and medium-sized products.
Development, fostering new growth points, injecting new dynamism into the sustained growth of companies, thus further boosting income growth.
For beverage classes, terminals are still valid and, in addition to the product/product properties (including the oligarchy of consumers, and the high and low of consumption frequency), end cover and sink levels determine the scale of sales ceilings, first-line beverages, and the end cover of enterprises is in the same line position.
We found that the elimination of the "end-points covered, but sales stagnated", such as red bulls due to a trademark dispute, and some of the channel clients' rise in bubbles of red cow products, such as the gas forest, which were ordered by the court, had to a certain extent fallen, and the "scale of sales/scale of outlets" averaged 1.02, which validated our "one-line terminal overlays"
The size of the cap supports the scale of first-line sales.” This ratio of 0.33 continues to rise in space, mainly as a result of further product acceptance, expansion of product items, expansion of channels (e.g. group purchasing, electric power providers, etc.), and increased single-point sales, through better promotion and freeze displays.
As the nationalization strategy moves forward, the share of the region will continue to rise. In 2023, the region achieved $6,024 million in operating revenue, mainly from the North China Department, the East China Department and the Southwest Department of Industry.
In January 2023, the company launched a 555ml and 1l-size electrolytic beverages.
In July 2023, in order to meet the needs of different consumers, a variety of new products, such as lemon and twigs, peach flavors, and zero sugar, were introduced. In 2023, Tung Peng launched a series of `Tea for Ping friends', followed by `Tea for Ulong' in 2024.
At the beginning of the year, new flavors such as "Puyma on tea" and "Mosley on tea" were introduced, and the strategy for the sugar-free tea track was quickly completed.
In 2023, the company successfully developed and launched a new product, the oil juice, which is known as the King of Juice, with its unique odor and rich nutrients.
The company’s new product, the “crusted” beverages, uses high-temperature microbicide techniques, both to keep fresh oil juice and to keep it warm, greatly improving the ease and applicability of the product. The company relies on a well-developed system of marketing channels, which allows the company to pre-research, develop reserves, and test new products for many years.
In 2023, the company began to construct an energy beverage as the first development curve, with electrolytic beverages, tea beverages, pre-arranged wines, coffee, etc. as the second development curve's strategic framework, focusing on the construction of a multi-grade matrix, moving gradually from a monolith to a multi-producer.
As the product class increases, the end synergy becomes more pronounced, and the economics of the freezer drops increase considerably. There are data that suggest that the freeze display can increase sales by up to 30%.
The main growth factor, which is currently estimated to be 200,000 to 300,000 freezers, representing less than 10 per cent of the total number of terminals, is still significant, and there is still a significant growth driver. 5.3. Digitalization has a strong edge and a strong capacity for sustained investment
The company’s digital input is much more forward-looking and has become a core competitive advantage at the end of the application. Companies continue to invest heavily in the digitization of their operations and management operations, building up a full-link information system from production to consumers around supply chains, production bases, downstream distributors, distribution terminals, and consumers that connects end-of-pipe consumption.
The company’s marketing digitized system covers dealers’ inventories and store instructions at different levels, the daily management of service support teams throughout the country and the implementation of sales activities, taking into account the performance management and appraisal of business representatives and regional directors.
Through a strong data processing and analysis algorithm logic and real-time, efficient data feedback, companies provide managers with a deep cockpit that enables them to learn in real time about channels and end-of-term stock ages, about sales at the end and consumer feedback, and provide accurate decision support for the timely adjustment of market strategies.
The company ' s full-link digitization system has effectively enhanced supply chain management efficiency, reduced management risk, and achieved full supply and demand.
A comprehensive analysis that rationalizes the allocation of resources, develops targeted and accurate marketing strategies, improves the quality of decision-making, the efficiency of marketing fees, and increases single-point output. Billions of users provide strong support for multi-dimensional analysis in the company’s vast digital marketing data, and constantly improves public access
The ability of the Division to conduct consumer demand analysis. Using digital systems and cellular small programs that penetrate deep into the marketing chain at all levels, companies have developed real-time data and behavioral interactions with channels and end-to-end and even consumer-to-end resources, enabling them to allocate more efficiently to the channel and end-to-end, thereby continuously improving the company ' s ability to provide better channels and consumers based on traditional channel advantages.
Aside from investing in digitization, at the end of brands, at the end of consumer education, at the end of a company, at the end (e.g. displays, freezes, displays, freezer drops) and so on, there are strong financial guarantees.
Given the economics of transport, beverages are produced on a multi-base basis, and the company’s sales move toward a nationwide national distribution that necessarily matches production capacity. Basic investments require financial security, and companies’ excellent cash flow and profitability are sufficiently guaranteed.
We believe that company energy beverages continue to rise, that the channels are sinking and freezing, that energy beverage penetration and single points are competitive, and that the Doppelganger is expected to perform well, thanks to catalytic developments such as the marketing of the first half of the year.
3) Both end-volume expansion and ice-freezing dimensions contribute directly to the company’s landscape class. We use pe valuations to value the company, opting for the same farmers’ springs, factor shares, meta-drinks as comparable companies in the dairy sector of beverages, based on the leader of the landscape, and the long life cycle of the product, and also on a relatively general basis.
A firmer pattern of competition, based on higher revenue and profit growth than consumption as a whole and a breakdown of the industry, we believe that the public sector enjoys a certain value premium, which is covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. Ten-plus, the downswing of the terminal expansion, is an important support for the growth of corporate core monolithic sales.
The company’s “1+6 Multi-Purpose Strategy” was successfully implemented as a barrier to the company’s continued growth, and if the new product was promoted and continued to grow less than expected, it would affect the company’s overall performance and medium- and long-term growth expectations. Raw materials risked higher prices.
A particularly large increase could lead to a risk of fluctuations in performance. Three major financial forecasting tables for beverages, the East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.