What about the growth story of an energy beverage company? We repeat, the growth curve can come from the triple logic of "product overlap plus product expansion plus sea expansion."
US Recycle: Growth Strategy Focus “Emergency + Out of the Sea”, challenges are in the top. New talent rises under two strong powers, from the growing demand of incremental markets.
Demand for life, celsius and bang, respectively, have sprung up, and now celsius is trying to break the single positioning iterative product series and to start globalization, with a new stage of growth just beginning; and bang has been annexed by Monster for failure. Thailand’s remix: growth strategy focuses on “tightness plus seafall,” and challenges are escalating. Steady market patterns have been solidified, making the three mature firms’ responses strikingly similar.
At one point, the market touched stability and cr3 was as high as 90%, and the oligarchs moved early into a new cycle of “structural upgrading + high-tech expansion + sea expansion” with the highest rates of success in sports-based drinks / pan-functional drinks, coffee/tea-drinking, which were also the preferred option; income from the sea was high, but regional restraint, focusing on the economy/culture/geographically close to South-East Asia.
It's more like the United States, with the best solution to the existing soil. Three major questions are raised about the Doppelganger: Employment structure has changed more than during the Red Bull era, and the flat economy has brought physical strength, such as Internet car/outer/quick/quick/overtime white collar/students/students, a rapid build-up of the brain, which supports over 20 billion people in the main trade space; and two things: value for sex, 5 billion over the positioning/channel synergy/digitization/icebox support medium-term space, with a higher threshold shape to boost the profitability of new products, 1250 over the medium-term reasonable valuation space for the main industry plus new products.
Billion; 3 out of the sea: though not a short-term focus, we found that the opportunities in the Indian and African markets were better, giving future energy space. We suggested that a share might be a Monster?
The growth of Thai energy drinks, the growth of Chinese East Peng beverages, the growth of American energy beverages.
U.S.: Under two powers, the new show rises, and the energy beverages of the US show two strong patterns, with monsters running from none to anti-sugar. Monster was launched in 2002, and the Pitt Red Bull (1997) was launched with a pre-emptive advantage over half of the United States, with a 20-year gap between Monster and 45% +, but in recent years, the new show has also risen from 5% to 45%:
□ The share of sales in 2014-2018:cr2 remains at 80%. Double oligarchs borrow brands, channels, and buy power to increase concentration, and the rest of rockstars, etc., fall short of brand differences.
Multiple demand: the crowd has evolved into additional demands such as healthyness and stenching. The industry’s low sugarization rate has risen from 26% in 18 years to 45% in 23 years, giving new sharpbangs and celsius the chance to rise with low sugars, and Monsters continue to dig deep in the low-snake-free-card track.
American energy beverage size (sales) US energy beverage low sugar rate and brand positioning US energy beverage sales ($ billion, left axis)
— yoy (right axis) monster behavior analysis: product iterative, diggering user □monster is a very innovative company that starts off with differences and can continue to occupy the market essentially from: product iteratives. The company updates each year, for some years.
(a) The introduction of more than 10 new items to broaden the user base, which are summarized in the following terms: □1 healthy: early in the year, cut into a healthy population with low-carat sugar; and 2 tasted: successively cut into a different-savvy population with “energy drinks plus juice/coffee/team”;
3 High-end: introduction of newer products such as Monsterrehab, Juicemonster, etc., that are more valuable than positioning in the main brand; 4 componentization: expansion of the track by the Component Plus Brand Matrix, roll-out of the reign brand expansion campaign population, roll-out of the mother brand expansion area.
Monster behavioural analysis: regional expansion, growth from the sea □ second reason for the sustained growth of the monster: regional expansion, which made it an important engine of growth (23a per cent of overseas earnings). Companies expanded efficiently from home-grown mature channels such as Gibelli/Bue/Cola, and succeeded in global expansion after 08, achieving 50 per cent + Japan/Argentina share in 23 years, Brazil/Spain 40 per cent +, Brazil/Spain 40 per cent +
Canada/United Kingdom/France 30%+. But it is important to stress that strong ones, like Monster, also face the growth challenge of “how to cross the class of goods” (90% of the principal income), and that the company has recently re-opened the second curve and borrowed m&a in the face of new challenges. The company, after integrating with Coca-Cola, once removed its non-energy drink business, re-launched its second curve strategy in 22 years, and purchased brands in layout 1:
bang coverage of the sports population; 2 push regional brands: to push the predator shortboard in China; 3 cross-cutting acquisitions: take the canaarchy to the army (artificial beer); more innovation than innovation; the future of Monster remains to be seen.
Total sales outside the United States ($ billion, left axis) - yoy (right axis)
``Poopoopopopopopopoopoopo ' , a new Celsius analysis: after positioning the “fats” monster, cysius created a 3-year, 10-fold sales miracle, from less than 1 per cent in 19 to 8.7 per cent in 23 years, making it third in the United States.
In 2005, the United States’ first successful research and development of fat-reducing functional beverages proved clinically that a can of celsius could consume an additional 100-140 calories during the campaign, and that the variable positioning of fats for years was deeply popular. We concluded that celsius’ success was derived from: a differentiated zero-carat-fat function; 2 managing the pole market in the five regions under focus; and 3 establishing a dsd direct sales network.
High-speed expansion; 420 years of outbreak-catalyzed gas demand blowout, fast-tracking to top three.
After the oral outbreak, the celsius growth curve did not end, and now the company is trying to break the single positioning “overturned product” and “exploitation”, and a new chapter has just opened: in August 2022, the company received a Pepsi strategic investment in the long-term strategic distribution of $550 million in cash and a Pepsi share in the long-term expansion of its retail and catering channels.
Extending to “partners of the great way of life,” the crowd began to move from professional fitness to healthy populations. Global expansion has also begun, and corporate development paths like monster, celsius’ globalization challenges have just begun.
Celsius America's Product Matrix, a new showbang analysis: Positioning the gymnasium “superfic acid”, another new showbang, created a two-year, 29-fold growth miracle, with the city at one point standing at 10% in the top three, and then falling to 4% due to judicial litigation and poor Pepsi cooperation.
In 2017, the bang set-up of the gymnasium was designed to boost the cognitive efficiency of the brain’s muscle synthesis, and as soon as it was launched, it was rolled over to the US. We summarized the bang’s swath from: a differentiated, pure natural sugar-free energy drink location; two patent endorsements: a can of bang containing three times caffeine +bcaa, coq10& muscle-friendly combinations (alguing that the synergy mechanism works better than normal); three fast-changing styled styles; and four social marketings echoing young people.
□ The new talent is so fratricidal: Monster sued Bang for false propaganda in 2018 and won in 2022, Monster won $293 million to make up for the lost potential market, bang sold in 2023 in only about half of 2021 and annexed by Monster in September of the same year, after the parent company vpx declared bankrupt and damaged. Monster’s owner is expected to make a difference for the future of Bang.
"Bang income and speed of increase." United States summary: "Eternal" + "Go Out of the Sea", next step: "Standards."
The US concludes that, by increasing the market, with a broad and sustained crowd of consumers and deriving diversified demand, firms are increasingly covering through the product + brand matrix, while providing opportunities for the growth of their brands to be broken down under the ‘two-strength pattern’. The growth strategy: “Property overlap” + “Expanding out of the sea,” regardless of Monster or Ceelsius, is based on an iterative + out-of-seaization axis.
The one-dimensional logic: healthyness, taste, and composition is the innovation of sku, and the demand for less fat can create a new phenomenon-level brand. The two-way logic: all out of the United States, towards global youth markets like OJK.
The US’s leading companies have tested water-wide drinks, such as sports drinks, vitamin water, and have been involved in coffee, tea, juice, alcohol, etc., but the results have been even. Monster: The main industry was uniquely over 90%, the second curve was re-opened in 2022, and the market + alcoholic beverages were re-established for sustained growth.
Red Cows: The launch of the fruit-flavored Red Cows in 2012 was too late, the share of the early 2012-2015 was raised, and growth is again in a difficult position after 2016. From a long-term perspective, users need to focus more on the company’s ability to adapt to the market and to build blood.
Thailand: High concentration, with a pattern of solidified Thai energy beverages, has been in a three-tier pattern, with a pattern of high concentration in the last decade. The initial Japanese medals dominated (Riyagi 1965), followed by a 50% share of the post-Tae cow (1975).
After 2005, the oligarchs turned into three oligarchs: cr 390%, Kalabao (2002) breaking three, then overstepping Thai cattle on Thai soil, with the second-highest market share. Nearly 10 years after 2014, the pattern has stabilized: cr 390%, highly stable, ootspa I, Kala Po II, Thai Cow III, leading the market for decades.
In Thailand’s market, price-enhancing drivers replace the increase, the logic behind which is the penetration of the blue-collar masters’ crowds to the top in a mature industry, and the slowdown in the margins of the mass market. The pattern of consolidation is underpinned by a steady state of size: the size of the industry has remained almost 25 billion baht over a decade.
One is the rapid formation of the corporate brand matrix, and the second is the slow rise in Thailand’s high-end share. The Big Three started the “tart” plus “go to the sea” strategy early in the day.
Tianxia behavior analysis: Tianxian poles, sports beverages, Thailand’s No-Tianxes: A global pioneer who can drink, was set up in 1975 by the Xu Bill, with a product matrix with nine brands in four major categories (energy beverages, electrolytic water, functional beverages, and recreational foods). Thais, influenced by a 96-year-old no-selling policy and seaboard strategy, have slipped their share since 2012 to third place, but can be regarded as a success stick.
Sports beverages & pan-functional beverages together contribute 67%: sports beverages, which in 1990 took the lead in the education market, were cut in with a brand-new name, ponsor, which currently accounts for 80% of Thai sports beverages first/city, which contributes nearly 60%; pan-functional beverages, which contributes 8% of income with a sub-brand mansome; and tea beves, which contributes 4%.Ready contributed 6% to the successful creation of women’s brands: the target group is young urban white-collar women, the brand style is prominent, the definition, composition, and the packaging area is separate from the main brand red cow.
Osotspa behavioural analysis: Tight expansion, combined with a joint venture, set up in 1891, with brand matrix share of energy-absorbing beverages first single item m-150 (location of the general population), shark (location health), Lipovitan-d (location of the high end). Sporting beverages & pan-functional beverages combined contribute 16 per cent: sports beverages m-electrolyte loan m-150 extension, 7 per cent revenue contribution; pan-functional beverage beverages peptein in component innovation + power
Self-researched joint ventures, with extravagant expansion. Joint ventures with Taisho, Japan, with Lipovitan-d (health care); joint ventures with Japanese beverages and Calpis, with peptein at 42% of the total general-purpose beverages market.
OSOTspa Income Structure, Product Matrix (2023) Carabao Behaviour Analysis: National Brands, or Coffee, Thailand 3rd □ Carabao: Typical Growth Unit, aedcarabao, a Thai band lead, was created in 2002 together with Thailand's rich sansiensahasit in order to differentiate from 0% to fast-track second.
□ The analysis of the success of Carabao is derived from: 1 unique location: rock band, with a major passion strike; 2 high frequency marketing inputs: music marketing, motorcade marketing and competing high frequency inputs at major events and top levels; 3 channels of management penetration: intensive penetration of the self-employed direct distribution centre + motorcade marketing + "saobaodang" female sales team. 4 are warmer than red cow compositions: substitute for irritated and dependent caffeine with a higher quality temperature and value.
□ At the latest, energy beverages accounted for the highest income (91%) and sports beverages and coffee combined for 8%: unlike the large brand matrix of other businesses, the company's outreach retained the word “carabao” with the third share of coffee from Thailand, contributing about 6%; and boldly engaged in bottled water and beer, which is still being nurtured.
Another axis beyond the top: "The other main line of logic beyond the top of the mouth: Out of the sea, long after 2,000 years of the oligarchic pattern, the troika began to lead South-East Asia.
Tianxi/Thai Bull: Out of the sea in 2000, core brand Red Bulls were sold to the world, South-East Asian market brands led by Viet Nam, Malay, and Singapore’s share of energy beverage. □osotospa: Out of the sea in 2000, 23a overseas beverage earned 960 million rmb (23%), mainly in South-East Asia, Myanmar’s share of energy beverages is second and Laos’ share is second. □carabao: Out of the sea in 2006, 23a overseas beverage earned 1.08 billion rb (48%), mainly in South-East Asia, Cambodia’s share of energy bevets is second and Myanmar’s third.
Carabao 23a beverages revenue (millions) and South-East Asia energy beverages market patterns ootospa 23a beverages revenue (billions) and ratio
“Technology” + “Go to the sea” to exploit potential growth. Thailand concludes that the stock market, with its earlier touch on the increased ceiling and its fixed pattern, the enterprise’s upgrading power “price increases” and the extension of its “attacks” to related areas/regions for incremental growth.
A two-way logic: a second curve, with the highest odds of sports/panic drinks, and a coffee/tea-drink extension, is more likely to involve alcohol, water, and even individual care. Two-way logic: overseas contributions are 30-50% higher, but influence focuses on the South-East Asian circle, which is close to economic culture.
Price dimensions: Thailand is a typical mass positioning market, with 10 baht (2-3rmb)/150ml in the main price of energy beverages, significantly inadequate at the top, still to be nurtured. Competition dimensions: where homogenous competitive markets have a scale effect, the key to high-end construction is ultimately differentiated and high input.
Queer: growth stories are not simple to repeat.
□ The Meteor experience can unlock the three-fold growth curve of “product overlap + product expansion + sea expansion”, but it is not simple to repeat. The differences between the two countries are behind the structure of the market industry (comparable host) and the stage of competition (reciprocal resource endowment). Red Bulls operate differently in different markets for the same product, Thai bookmarks locate blue-collar workers, and Austrian Ma Tschitz locate young people, essentially because of market differences.
• In common: the logic is that the crowd-breeding scene is generalized – multi-product overlaps are rigid, with product expansion being the highest in three categories: pan-functional/portal beverages/coffee drinks – through branding + sub-branding.
In 2021, Thailand, China, and the U.S. industry structure (the industry added value to gdp) were the best choices.
China is thinking: 1 industry starts close to Thailand, with a major crowd dominated functional claims; 2 growth features more like the US, with a population base with incremental potential + dividends in local market patterns. We believe that the dual strategy of “deep cultivation + extension” is the best option for current local firms.
The number of people with physical strength, such as Internet cars/outputs/quick deliveries/electric competitions, is expanding rapidly and increasing the market.
The challenge for local brands is the higher Euro-American barrier/South-East Asia pattern, contrasting and fine, the early stages of the test water and the growth potential of the energy beverages.
In May, there were approximately 7.03 million licensed drivers, 7.38 million cyclists with 26 per cent of the 23a legion, and an increase in the average daily operational pressure of 18 per cent of couriers.
And look at East Poon: Primary space exploration? Main industry: Over 20 billion in space, with the target population expanding continuously, we're counting over 20 billion in nationalized space in the Orang industry.
One end-to-end measurement: Red Bull 4 million is equivalent to $20 billion and is expected to earn 20 billion in 26 years at 4.5 million end-to-end. The early conversion of red cow ceilings, in addition to litigation, is also associated with 14 years of peaking of truck drivers, but the current employment structure has changed considerably from that of the Red Bull era, with the platform economy leading to a rapid build-up of the physical and brain supplemental population, such as a network car/outload/quick delivery/electric competition/overtime white collar/student.
□ 2 regional estimates: Guangdong produced 23 per cent of the country ' s soft drinking, while Guangdong earned 33 per cent of its income (3.8 billion/yoy12 per cent) and the future Guangdong share fell to a reasonable level of 25 per cent (50 billion/cagr 10 per cent in 26 years) corresponding to 20 billion national income. □ 3 per capita consumption estimates: 65.4 million target population in the Guangdong region consumes 57.5 yuan per capita, and the national target population base is 8.5 times that of the Guangdong region, for example, for future national per capita consumption.
China’s main provinces produce more soft beverages than they do, and the red cow’s income is exactly the same as that of the truck driver at the end of the day.
(Note: Guangdong Region for Guangdong Province and Hainan Province) Focusing on Dong Peng: Treasure Discovery? □ Second Curve challenge focuses on two points: Pill success, profit.
The question of the success rate is: the choice of “following the strategy”, i.e. avoiding blind diversification (the company's high-growth unsaturated + pattern is undetermined + oligarchic access); the ability of digitalization to provide a new success rate (the company's direct control terminal, a clean red bag can accurately target the target population, increase impact and buy-back rates); and the benefit of 3 freezer input to the dynamic sale of new products (the company's number of freezers vs. the millions difference between the number of labeled blended beverages and the farmer's class, confirming the success rate of the improved diversity of the products in the ice deposit).
□ Profit issues: Market concerns about corporate master-type education are coupled with cross-product input pressures, but we analyse the company ' s overall cost-control, as demonstrated by restraint (new products are based on regional piloting, and a year after observation can be observed to avoid misdirected inputs); and profit stability (24q2 under the freeze on new products, farmers & Peum-yun, sports beverages / sugarless tea / chicken-tailed products have a higher natural profit margin, with a second curve profit reaching the main level if the scale threshold is exceeded.
There's plenty of room for soft drinks in the East Poon freezer, sales rates, net interest rates.
What's the success of the rehydration? 1 value for money position. The rehydration continues to be the lowest for every 500 ml, following the strategic + high value ratio to fast-track the sweating scene. 2 channels are used together. The re-use core is due to some overlap between the sweat for sport and the heavy strength scene.
50% of the storage is more efficient, with nearly four times as much room left in the main industry for the promotion of 1.6 bottles/day of rehydration, and efficiency space can support a doubling of the rehydration to 3 billion in size, even without taking into account the continued expansion of the network. 3 freezers and digitalization. 100,000 new freezers have been placed in 24 years, and 200,000 freezers are now increasing the end exposure of rehydration, and digitalization and a dollar-enjoyment have been refined.
Pre-marketing supports the purchase and repurchase rates of the target population.
The size and speed of the sports beverages industry, and then look at the East Peng: The chance to go out to the sea?
The initial space: Thailand’s trio has come out of South-East Asia from brand-powered radiation; and the Orang radiation countries may be larger (South-East Asia, East and Central Africa), but need to respond to national players. South-East Asia: due to the small size of the market (the sum of $3.1 billion) and stable pattern (the number of mature participants) – the best option for going out.
The Middle East: The largest Saudi & Israeli market is growing slowly, and there are mature local players – not to be targeted for the sea. India: The best option to get out of the sea, with market size booming and undetermined patterns, and Pepsing’s leading by giving East Plum a price-for-money counter-opportunity.
Future tracker: If we build overseas plants in the future, we believe that this could be seen as a turning point in a company’s strategy to go out to the sea. The first foreign market, the amount and pattern of energy beverages retailing (by volume) and the first East Ping Beverage Investment Explorer, suggests that a share might be saved by a Monster?
Other things: Ping friends and friends drink tea, curry, and vivi, among others, expand more non-traditional and powerful channels like ka/facility shops, with an estimated combined income of 2.5 billion over 26 years. The forward dimension, with more than that, can be added to the rise if the company’s platform is transformed into attribute.
East Poon's priority monolithic space forecast is a reasonable valuation of 125 billion dollars, and we measure that there's a profit potential for East Poon.
Main industry: for the standard monster/farmer/peripheral/peripheral, net steady-state interest rates are expected to reach 25 per cent vs. current 18 per cent, with core points of increase coming from reduced sales discounts after market stability, reduced transport rates after the completion of the production layout, corresponding profit volume of 5 billion +, taking into account the high growth and stickyness of energy beverages, and remaining space thereafter; Second curve: considering the laying and pre-loading of inputs, 15 per cent net interest rate for new products is projected, corresponding to the second curve profit volume of 800 million +, considering the properties of growth and the opportunity to transform the platform,
1. While new products have not expanded as much as expected, such sources as sports beverages, coffee beverages, sugar-free cologne and coconut juice have received good feedback, uncertainty remains and risks are lower than expected.2 Nationalization is lower than expected
The company’s raw materials consist mainly of white sugar and bottling embryos, which are currently stable, but still run the risk of rising. There is a risk that the share of East Penang will be affected if energy-beverage manufacturers compete in an orderly manner and prices are stable, and if other players in the industry provoke price rivalries.
The data and information used are from publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.