The reason for the report is that the semi-annual reviews show better profitability than the long-term competitive advantage of leading companies.
On the other hand, the outbreak of the new crown epidemic in the first quarter of 2020 led to the movement of consumers through public transport.
The company, as the leader of the country’s large and medium-sized passenger vehicle, has market data: on August 24, 2020, also under pressure, but as the situation improves, the company’s performance ratio improves.
In the first half of 2020, the company ' s net return was consistently higher than the previous year, and the technological advantage was further expanded. In the first half of 2020, the company spent 6.32 per cent on R & D.
\triangleright billion yuan, 8.31 per cent of operating income, R & D expenditure and R & D expenditure as a percentage of revenue
• Research and development of vehicle-wide technology for light quantification, safety upgrades and “three power”; autopilot technology and products and in efficient power systems, power cell integration and management, whole vehicle control and energy conservation, safety technology, energy-efficient technology, comfort technology, autopilot technology, vehicle network technology, big data fractions
There have been breakthroughs in areas such as diagnosing technology. The company continues to have high levels of R & D and invests R & D expenditure on the 28th floor of ITC a at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, where the company is expected to further upgrade its technological advantages as research and development evolves.
In Beijing, China, 28 Sinrich Street in Beijing, China, perfected the product structure and expanded the competitive advantage, leading to an overall increase in corporate profitability.
On the one hand, in the first half of 2020, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. was affected by the new crown epidemic, and the company achieved a 41.41% decline in passenger vehicle sales, compared to the previous year.
Business leaders remain strong, and the market in the country’s medium-sized and large passenger vehicle market continues to take the lead. On the other hand, companies have completed the layout of t7 pure electric power, overseas high-end public transport, overseas high-end tourism, etc.
119 product lines in various areas, such as transport, group commuters, school buses, viewing vehicles, airport ferries, auto-driving microcycles, passenger cars, etc., with well-developed product chains and high risk resistance. In the current general environment of declining overall domestic demand for buses and overall industry pressure, companies are expected to rely on them.
The company, as the leader of the country’s large- and medium-sized passenger vehicles, has the highest sales volume in the industry, the product chain of the buses is intact, and it is actively promoting overseas operations and continuing the deployment of passenger vehicles in key technical areas.
It is expected that the product structure will be further refined, the competitive advantage expanded and the profitability increased. As a result, downside pressure on the bus market increased; the overseas epidemic spread; industrial policy significantly adjusted; macroeconomy \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.