In the second half of the year, the industry is expected to recover, suggesting inter-district operations.
In 2020h1, the company achieved $7.6 billion, yoy 39%, recorded a net profit of $63 million, which is affected by the global epidemic, and the demand for buses is expected to decline significantly this year, but in the medium and long term, the trend towards electricization of buses will increase the market space for buses. The company’s product is competitive, and the city’s share is expected to be steady.
Upgrade; companies are increasing their investment in direct marketing networks abroad, which is expected to widen the size of their markets. We are experiencing a sharp decline in corporate performance, and the industry’s climate is expected to rebound: companies achieved their business income by 2020h1 at $4.8 billion, yoy-37.4%, and net profits at $210 million.
The company ' s performance in 2020h1 fell significantly over the same period, owing mainly to the impact of the epidemic, the overall decline in demand for products such as downstream public transport, tourist buses, school buses, and the company ' s cumulative sales of 2020h1 buses in the same combination of products
In the first half of the year, the market share of the company’s main product, large- and medium-sized passenger vehicles, dropped by 5.3 percentage points.
In the second half of the year, as domestic economic activity recovers slowly, institutional investors account for a share of the share in circulation.
In the second half of August, the bus industry, according to the latest data, will be cutting the cost of capital controls severely: Māori rates, although the three cost rates are roughly the same, as a result of the decline in sales and the replacement of new energy sources, with the management rate rising by 1.8 percentage points.
The sales cost rate is roughly the same and the financial cost rate is down by 1.5 percentage points. In the first half of the year, the company ' s cost and cost rates remained relatively stable in the face of a sharp drop in revenue, and the company will continue to exercise strict control over costs in the second half of the year.
The company is expected to receive $2 billion in new sources of energy in the second half of the year, and will be able to make an effective profit forecast: the industry is recovering from the global epidemic and from the overdrafting of domestic public transport needs, which is expected to decline considerably this year.
In the medium-to-long term, driven by national environmental protection policies, electricization and intelligence have become a trend in the global passenger-car industry, with the resulting upgrading of passenger-car markets and raising the value of products available. Companies insist on high R & D inputs, electricization, and smart network technology industry leading the product.
It's competitive, and the city is expected to increase further. Companies are increasing their investment in direct marketing networks abroad.