Embraceing the extreme price ratio and the sinking age – the East Peng Beverage Investment – has led to a positive trend, embracing the extreme value ratio and the sinking era. The current economic environment is similar to that of Japan in the 1990’s, when the bubble of Japan’s economy collapsed, and the price ratio has been reversed.
Growth, we believe that a return to rationality and the pursuit of high value for money is also an important consumer trend for the next phase of the country. The above changes provide an important logical clue to the search for opportunities for consumer investment:  to look for products in high-line cities that match the trend of extreme value for money, to look for unmet demand for upgrades in sunk markets, and to that end, we will introduce a series of topics to explore in depth the protagonistic indicators of the opportunities of the time in the area of drinking and drinking.
Why is the energy beverages a good business in 60 billion markets, and the beverages have captured the strategic window from a super-three-strength pattern? Prices + incorruptibility. Values of product end-of-life value (139% of Coca-Cola/Red Cow/370% per 100 ml), with blue hats and added value with unique designs. Channel management fine, the Amiba model stimulates wolf and digital straight-control terminals. Brands advocate rejuvenation and one-dollar stimulus end accumulation.
Contrary to the rest of the second-tier players, who are physically active (no blue hats) and channel fighting, walrus have been out of value for money and channel input, behind which is the difference in team strength. Uniquely, the monster-day game worked.
For-less)+ channel lending (ab & coca-Cola); in Japan for a short period of six to seven years, it's like an anti-Homeland leader's health and Olymic, with the same value for money (170% of Coca-Cola per 100 ml sale/health care per 425%/Red Bull) + channel lending. Monster's rapid growth has already achieved more than a thousand times the shareholder return, a share of which is likely to save a next Monster?
• Explaining the future, from the stage of investment, to the price-setting space of East Poon. The monster doubles the return through three stages: “Nationalization-Globalization-Integration”, the current process of nationalization of East Poon (comparable with Monster phase I) and review of the time-saving platform (phase II), we measure the medium-term dimension of 3 to 5 years of company ownership and second-curve income space of 25 billion, which is more than that in the long term, potentially profitable, assuming 25% net interest rate of steady state over 6 billion dollars, taking into account high-growth energy beverages and the company platform mosaicing.
At that time, 20xpe set a doubling of the market value, and the timing of what, and the potential of the Dong Peng is right. > 01. Opening: Embrace Extreme Prices vs. The Sunk Age. 02. Explore: How can the Dong Peng break through?
03. Extension: Monster's play is not unique to the future. 04. Doppelganger pricing space from the investment stage.
The current economic environment is similar to Japan’s average per capita gdp level in the 1990s. According to the World Bank, in 2022, our per capita gdp was $12.7 million, close to Japan’s 1985 level. Population structure/age ageing is comparable. According to the World Bank, in 2022, our population was 65+15%, similar to Japan’s 1995 level of ageing; in 2022, China 0-
The external environment is similar. We insist that “households are in order”, that real estate stimulates the end of the economic era, and that the collapse of real estate following the collapse of the Japanese bubbles also marks the end of an era; that the United States began to compete more in mid-2018, and that Japan reached the height of its auto, semiconductor trade dispute with the United States in 1980s-1990s.
China ' s population in 22 years of age plus 15% is equivalent to Japan ' s population structure in 2022 is similar to Japan ' s population structure in 1995 and China ' s average per capita gdp of 127,000 in 22 years is equal to Japan ' s
Japan: After the collapse of Japan's economic bubble in the 1990s, “thirty years of lost” showed a trend towards extreme value for money over consumption.
According to the Japan Chartered Economic Association, the share of Japanese convenience stores in total retail stores rose from 40% in the late 1980s to over 50% in 2000.
In Japan’s 100-dollar shop year, the size of the shop was over 1 trillion yen, with more than 9,000 shops and more than 50% of the four major gold medals. Newly acclaimed: the Queens Coves rose at a low price, and high-value prices, such as the unincorporatedmuji, rose.
The “low-priced good” fits the consumer demand of the time. Japan’s clothing stores ranked in 1997 and 2019, and the number of convenience stores in Japan grew rapidly after 1990s.
The retail value of the Japanese Pharmacy Shop has reached 16 trillion yen, and China: to return to rational value for good value for good □ consumption to rational value for good □ and to pursue meaningful value for good. According to the Insight Report on Consumption Trends 2023, published by the 100 figures, the epidemic was followed by a more rational and planned audience.
Thirty-six per cent, 24 per cent, displaying a non-blind and non-compromised view of consumption; more practical and simple respondents 41 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively, while 55 per cent of respondents indicated that they would prefer the usefulness of brands when choosing brands; more value for money, savings/savings, and benefits for more than 30 per cent of respondents, while more value for value and value for value and value for money in choosing brands, with 52 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively.
China’s consumption trends are approaching Japan’s fourth consumption era. Explore: behind polarization, and at its core □ behind Japan’s deep debate about the value of sex: probably the division of the middle class.
In 2002, however, the income class, which is the majority of the population, shifted in the direction of lower incomes, with the median income of 6 million yen a year falling, and the annual income of over 12 million yen increasing the value of the sex ratio and increasing the efficiency of the business being at the heart of the business. After the polarization of the income class, the middle and lower classes were expanded to be the main increases.
To promote “new luxury” goods at affordable prices, to explore how consumer investment is going to be similar to Japan's current economic environment in the 1990s.
In the light of Japan’s experience and our national trends, business strategies will focus on developing value-for-money products, making them extremely efficient, and expanding the sunk market. These changes provide an important logic for finding opportunities for consumer investment:
Looking for products in high-line cities that are consistent with the trend in value for money. The wealth effects of the previous rise in housing prices in high-line cities have ceased, while the pressure on mortgages has also led to a consumption squeeze that is more rational, pragmatic and sex-seeking, so companies that meet the trend in value for money are still growing structurally, and if the track is in the long run, it will grow rapidly, with the typical brand being Ruysin Coffee.
For brands, the sunk market expansion can effectively hedge against unsatisfied upgrading needs. For this reason, we will launch a series of thematic and in-depth discussions on contemporary opportunities in the area of drinking and drinking.
It is a company with a long-term track track, a price-for-value trend for products, and a huge sink space that opens a series of topics.
The energy beverages market, with a pattern of more than three billion, has been successful in recent years, with the rest of the players stagnating from the second echelon. □ the Red Bull is the absolute one, with 36% of sales and 55% of sales, but since 2016, the Wabing Group has been mired in a trademark rights dispute with Tianxy, Thailand, and remains unresolved, causing the Red Bull tax revenue to stagnate at 20 billion and its share to continue to decline.
In the second echelon, with 20%, 13%, 12% of sales, the Middle East pelican seized the strategic window of stagnating red bulls. From 2016 onward, the second stagnated from the second echelon, and the remaining second-line player's share of stagnated. □ in the third echelon, Monster, 3.7%, 1.1%.
Under a brand name, the US sales share is 43% higher than that of the Red Bull, but it lags behind China’s share. The market share of energy beverages (left) and the market share (right, 2022) is in dispute over the pattern: the red bull has stagnated as a strategic window.
In October 2016, the Thai Tianx Litigation Litigation Litigation on the grounds that the 20-year period of authorization had expired and that the Chinese had to stop using Red Bull brands, while the two parties had initially agreed to a 50-year term of business and registration had been fixed due to restrictions.
For 20 years, Wabing has still applied for international arbitration on the 50-year agreement, and the impact has not yet been entirely over. The majority of the Chinese red bulls are now absorbed by the Red Cows.
The U.S. Supreme Court has identified the Red Bull dealer.
In the first instance of the Guangzhou Tianhai District Court, a joint venture was established in Austria to establish the title of Redbull as part of the Tianxing Group.
We've decided that the three Guangdongkos in Wabing will be responsible for the South-East Asian Bookmarks and the Wabing Group since then.
Wabing introduced his own energy beverage brand and advertised it.
The market, Redbull, expanded worldwide to finance the creation of the Red Bull Vitamins and the formation of the Tianxing Group of Thailand.
Xiao Xiao's bid returned to his father, Henan Sung Tianxi, to present the Red Bull Anai, Beijing Dynasty Court.
The Red Cows are here, the Tianxes and Wabings of Thailand, the Meadows, Wal-Marts and others.
Li Hainan Red Cow Beverage Company, the company's license period for trademarks, the Gil and Red Cow Vitamin Winds.
We've decided that the Beijing China Alliance has a full range of channels and that the Red Bull has entered China.
There's a disagreement, and we're going to sue for tasted beverages.
At the end of the product: Angry Pelican, uniquely designed and powerful, what is the reason for the success of the attack? We analyze the high price of its products + incorruptible competitiveness. □ The price of the product is low and full.
The "One More" Lottery was designed to be uniquely effective. In 2009, the first 250 mlpet bottles were patented for packaging and dustproof caps, reducing costs and addressing the pains of pulling cans at once, a temporary ashtray division.
The value of the 500ml5-sized gold bottle on the market in 2017 is even greater than the 250ml3-size gold bottle, and it is rapidly released. ......................is less priced than the body energy of blue caps.. The advantage of Dong Peng is in formulations and marketing: product formulations add synthetic caffeine, which works faster than natural coffee; anti-weary efficacy can be promoted in the end-care food area; and pharmaceutical-grade coffee is added because it is rich in sulfuric acid, lysine, and multiple wibs, which guarantee both mouths.
It's a whole scientific system of resistance to fatigue.
The highest Māori rate in the 500 ml gold bottle.
Eastbound and Han, vibrating. East European.
A peer-to-peer perspective on pricing effectiveness, a very high-priced drink for East Pine, at the end of the channel: East Peng Amiba Incentives, Direct Control Terminal Profits.
In 2018, Lu Yifuga, then the head of Gatau sales, quickly improved the marketing system and incentives to speed up the company’s share. Amiba incentives were introduced. The company had previously been a large-scale distribution system, replacing it with an all-channel direct-control terminal in the core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, and China, for distributioners and distributors/distributors/ postman and terminals to be developed jointly; and a large-scale marketing model was to be used in the open market, choosing the major players to take the lead in sales and terminal maintenance.
The Amiba model was introduced in the year, with a partnership mechanism that brings regional managers into the red, gives them the flexibility to regulate promotional activities and cost arrangements, and the annual budget has a team with savings, a digital direct-control terminal. From 2015 onward, two-dimensional technology, “one-size-one” & “one-box-one-yard”, is used.
Stock monitoring, network service integration, effective prevention of tradable prices (disposal of distribution rights after discovery) and planning of tour time for operators to visit and upgrade terminal controls.
There are 2,796 dealers in East Peng.
23H1 Dong Ping covers 3.3 million terminals, peer-to-peer activity.
Brand-side: Dong Peng advocates rejuvenation, combative team stability, and full motivation. Director-General Lu Yifu has a direct share of 49.74%, his brother, Limwood Harbour, his nephew, Dachin, 5.22% each, Far East Peng Road, Far Away, and a stock-holding platform for his employees. He used to be the head of the Red Cow plant, responsible for production and development, with emphasis on cost control.
□ The brand is young, different: the early positioning of the red cow, the red cow slogan, “Long tired and drinking red cow”, the doppelganger for “drinking tired and drinking red bulls,” and the strong resistance to fatigue. Fifteen years have set out the “brand rejuvenation strategy,” 16 years have been added to the “Young will wake up,” marketing to expand the consumption landscape, such as sports, overtime, and driving electric competitions.
□ One dollar is an incentive to buy and improve terminal entry. Dong Peng is the first to implement a two-dimensional marketing campaign, and since 2018 has been a one-dollar “one-dollar” operation, with the consumer paying an extra dollar to get a bottle of gold cans at an original cost of $3, of which the consumer pays an extra dollar to the merchant, while the cost of the gold can is borne by the manufacturer.
East Poon's stock structure, East Poon's officially designated functional beverages for the Hangzhou Asian Games, and East Poon's promotion of the King's Legion.
TV and radio ads, other ads, video implants, publicity.
Chen Hae-min, special help for the cold, Internet advertising, outdoor advertising.
Spouse brother, woodwork, woodport.
Jung-jung invested in a long way, Lin Dachin.
Arguments: Doppelganger value, no competitive shorts □ the rest of the second-tier player's physical energy is out of reach for efficiency (no blue hats) and channel combat, and quenchers are undervalued for value and channel input. This reflects the difference in team strength behind.
High value for money is the basis for success, and there's no limit to the competitiveness of East Peng outside the pattern: business attributes are strong, high growth, energy beverages are business attributes:
Energy Beverage Business Space: The fastest-growing category of soft drinks: Energy Beverages in 2022, end-income of $60.2 billion, 17-22 scene-related: scenes of driving, overtime, nighttime, sports, etc., with clear and stable consumption demands.
The year was 11 per cent, the fastest-growing group of soft drinks. Paints: 20-40-year-old truck and taxi drivers, blue-collar workers, takers, couriers, and volume increases were driven by core drivers: the penetration rate increased and the volume increased to remain the main driving force of the industry, together with the industry.
Young people in cybercafés, mostly men, therefore focus on prices and efficiency;
Prices are low for the target overseas: four to five times more space than in the US, with double price. So high repurchases, strong sticky, and the Wabing Red Bull still earns 20 billion plus side by side, the logic of future industry growth: the pace of life is rising, the energy beverages are growing high from 1)
(b) Increase in the number of consumer groups, from specific expansions to more consumer groups, such as white collars and students; (b) increase in the number of scenes; (c) increase in the number of scenes from fatigue to leisure events, such as electric competitions, music festivals, gatherings, travels, health care, etc. Barriers: Only energy beverages with “blue hats” can claim their usefulness and be added
Synthetic caffeine has given rise to barriers to access. 60.2 billion yuan (+10 per cent) in 22 years of energy beverages, which are the main drivers of growth.
Energy beverages are the fastest-growing class of soft beverages.
□ The U.S. energy beverages have a double oligarchic pattern, and the Monster anti-cow divides. The Monster share (43% + 5%) is much higher than the Red Cow (27%), the sales share (35% + 3%) is the same as the Red Cow (36%), and as Long 3bang was bought by the Monster in July 2023, the Monster divides with the Red Cow in terms of sales and sales.
Red Bulls are more priced than Monsters, and in the United States are self-built channels (the Red Cow Marketing Company is responsible for North American sales, and currently has 3000 employees in 109 warehouses across 27 states in the United States), covering only the key states, expanding at a slower rate of sinking.
From the first day of Monster’s launch, the company positioned it as more-for-less and more-than-caffeine at competitive prices. Low pricing: even today, Monster’s value relative to Red Bull is still outstanding.
Large packaging: Monster's original launch of 16 ounces/cans contrasts sharply with the mainstream 8.4 ounces/can packaging (generally 8-12 ounces). Higher decaf: 16 ounces of monsters contain 160 mg caffeine (10 mg/ounce), 8.4 ounces of red cow caffeine content of 80 mg (9.5 mg/ounce). □ channel loaned ab with Coca-Cola.
08q2 has been working with Coca-Cola since then, distributed by Coca-Cola on the west coast and in the south, while the rest have been distributed by ab, completing nationalization. Globalization through Coca-Cola canals began after 09, entering the European and Australian markets; 12 years through Japanese-Japanese channels into the Japanese market; 14 years after Coca-Cola's entry into the stock market; 16 years into the Chinese market.
The Red Bull sales network is still not spread all over the United States.
Japan’s energy beverages market, with Monster fast-reversed local brands first. Monster entered Japan in 2012 for exclusive sale by Japan. In 2018-2019, he surpassed Japan’s traditional brand and became Japan’s energy beverages first. According to Eury, the Monster now accounts for 28% of Japan’s energy beverage sales and 22% of sales.
Monster’s share in Japan’s market rises to the top, and the same high-value + channel borrows. How does the monster outpace home brands in Japan?
Japan’s traditional energy beverages, characterized by high prices and aging brands. Japan’s traditional energy beverages, which are wrapped in small brown glass bottles similar to oral fluids, have a strong pharmaceutical feature.
□Monster brings a rejuvenate value-for-money product to complete the layout. In 2005, when the Austrian Red Bull entered Japan, in 2012, the Japanese energy drink market turned into a rejuvenated and value-for-money product that attracted a younger generation of consumers, while Japanese soft drinks sold exclusively in Japan also helped them to quickly complete the pipeline, and Japanese monsters became more expensive and young.
L.A.O.M.C. Coca-Cola.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
caffeine content of wensert belicious& caffeinemg/100ml
Sulphur content mg/100ml retail price yen/100ml retail price/100ml
The future: from the investment stage to the price-setting space of the doppelganger: three main stages of profits dry up and the rapid growth of the doppelganger achieves more than the dry shareholder returns.
Phase  2002-2007: Monster launch + nationalization. Phase 2008-2014: Globalization, out of the United States, stable Europe, Australia, into Japan.
□ Phases of nationalization. During this phase, Davis doubles, industry increases, Monster exits California, nationalization through ab and Coke channels, and sunk performance breaks out. □ Phase of globalization.
□ Phase 3 is integrated. The valuation of this phase, which was maintained at 30-45x, was acquired on August 15, 2014, absorbing energy drinks Nos and Fullthrottle, giving cola to non-energy drinks and American distribution rights. Stable, Monster raised prices in 2014 and 2018, respectively, reducing advertising promotion costs and raising net interest rates from 2017.
Do Dong Peng explore the possibility of holding a next Monster in the current stage (nationalization) a share? □ Similar to the standard Monster phase I: higher industry, higher corporate shares and higher earnings.
In 2009, a bottle of energy beverages was introduced in East Peng, in 2013 it was first sold in South China and became nationalized, and in 2016 it was launched in May 2021. The base increased from 1,846 million yuan in 2018 to 3,354 million yuan in 2022, and 16% of the cagr, and as of 2023q3 accounted for the similarity of the first phase vs.
Nationalization of East Peng (provincial, accelerated)
A profit margin forecast for the centre of the performance exploration: dual expansion of the production channels (nationalization), distribution of the dots and distributors
In addition to the nationalization of Dong Poon, it is also seeking new machines for a variety of aerobics. In September 2021, the company pushed down its sugar latte coffee, "Tung Poon Cafe," and in January 2023, it pushed electrolytic water.
In September 2023, sugar-free tea was introduced, and in January 2024, coconut juice and cocktail vivi were pushed to create a second curve. In 2023q1-3, other East pelican revenues were mainly based on energy drinks, and the second curve of East pelican rose.
The size of the end-of-the-beverage income of each beverage market The future, not just here (for profit), is a three-stage process of nationalization of the standard monster - globalization - integration, and the long-term is more than that, or there is a potential for a profit progression.
Monster maintained cagr 20% and the valuation 30-45x levels in its third phase. This is due to the 40% +/net interest rate of the current Māori rate for energy-absorbent beverages nos and full tungsong, acquired by Coke in 2014, which refers to farmers or monsters, who are expected to be more profitable when the forward pattern is fixed.
We can measure the contribution of several categories of goods to the 25 billion threshold. Peng Peng is expected to rise to the 25 billion threshold. : 10 billion currently at 3.3 million net points, about 20 billion at 4 million net points for the Bounty Red Bull, and about 20 billion in 26 years; Rehydration: 500 million in six months of sales at 1.1 million net points, about 2.5 billion net points at 3 million mark points, with an estimated income of 3 billion in 26 years.
(a) Tea for friends: the sugar-free tea market is still being cultivated, and the Eastern leaf family has doubled its income to nearly 6 billion dollars in a row, benefiting from the index, and is now conservatively expected to earn 1 billion dollars in a 26-year period;
Doppelganger beverages focused on monotonous space prediction pricing exploration: profit-making space, forward dimensions,
For standard monsters, farmers, and raisers, a net interest rate of 25% vs is expected to reach the current 19%. The core points are expected to be: a reduction in sales discounts after market stability, a decline in transport rates after the completion of the production layout, and a corresponding profit volume of over 6 billion.
Given the high-growth, sticky attributes of energy beverages and the shape of the company’s platform at that time, 20xpe is set to double the current market value. In what era, the potential for growth is right.
1. While new products have not expanded as much as expected, such sources as sports beverages, coffee beverages, sugar-free cologne and coconut juice have received good feedback, uncertainty remains and risks are lower than expected.2 Nationalization is lower than expected
The company’s raw materials consist mainly of white sugar and bottling embryos, which are currently stable, but still run the risk of rising. There is a risk that the share of East Penang will be affected if energy-beverage manufacturers compete in an orderly manner and prices are stable, and if other players in the industry provoke price rivalries.
The data and information used are from publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.