Started with a second-growth curve, moving from a single black horse to an industrial giant.
There are currently nine production bases in Guangdong, Anhui, Hunan, Guangxi, Chongqing, etc., with a distribution network covering nearly 330 countries.
In 2023, the company ' s nationalization strategy continued to expand its network of terminals, channels increased its operational capacity, and long-term foundational work such as ice depositing and the freezing of products was effective.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the rise in the price of low-level hedge sugar brought in more elasticity than in the first half of the year. At the cost end, the salesman award for the current period was for wood and wood.
The cost of selling has increased slightly, with the use of gold and the addition of freezers and new ads. Except often, the net interest rate from operating has continued to rise.
In the short term, functional beverages are still a high-speed, high-quality track in soft drinks, and the company's core is expected to continue to grow at a steady rate, driven by nationalization. The soft beverage industry is entering maturity and slowing down is stabilizing.
The year was accompanied by an upturn in consumption and a steady recovery in retail size, but Ei-We’s compound growth in the prospective industry for the next five years was 4.5%, stabilizing overall. In terms of the breakdown, the combined growth in the functional beverage class was 14.09% in almost 10 years, a high-quality competition in the soft beverage industry.
In the medium term, the company uses the energy plus as its main line, with a pelican curry for the white-collar population, as well as the electrolytic products that benefit from the disease’s catalyzing to rehydrate, both of which are now starting to show up as monolithic.
Growing up, the medium-term hope is to be the company’s new growth dynamic. According to Euryd international data, the company’s rtd coffee as the second-growth curve layout and the electrolytic beverages that are part of the sport drink range are high-speed competitions in the soft beverage industry.
In the long run, companies are accelerating the expansion of the product matrix by capturing demand-side consumption trends. Recent moves into the high-speed sugar-free tea class, which is in the wind, and through the further layout of coconut juice products, consumption scenes such as traditional gifts, restaurants, etc., are expected to expand consumption further in the future.
The successor companies still have a stock of new products, and the layout is expected to create new growth poles in the future, growing from black horses, which rely on large monolithic products and go through the retail channel model, to fully fledged platforms.
The company is expected to maintain a high rate of growth in 2024, with a small upward profit forecast, a historical valuation that shows that it is now at an absolute historical low and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The company's product matrix is rich, and in addition to the core single item, "Tung Peng" , it's also rich in sugar, "Tung Peng", "Tung Ping", "Tung Ping", "Tung Ping", "Tung Ping", "Tang Lemon tea", "Tung Ping", "Tung Ping", "Tung Peng", "Tea", "Tung Peng Peng", "Tea", "Tea" and "Change tea"
For the second year in a row, the Chinese energy and beverage industry has been ranked first in sales and the world has seen the highest rate of income growth of 1.1: from Ping to Ping.
The course of corporate development can be divided into three main stages: first phase, start-up (1987-2002): the company was created in 1987 as an old State-owned beverage brand, formerly a Shenzhen State-owned beverage factory. In 1997, the company introduced a vitamin-based beverages in Donut and received a health-care package in 1998.
During this period, the company began to act as a state-owned institution, with its products focused mainly on the Guangdong market. Phase II, Transformation (2003-2012): In 2003, East Peng beverages transformed state enterprises into private enterprises through "Staff Holdings".
In the third phase, expansion (2013-to date): the company officially launched a nationwide expansion in 2013 and increased brand marketing, and signed off on a branded voice. In 2016, the functional beverage industry’s leader, the red cow, was caught in a trademark dispute, and the company was struggling to develop.
The company has now set up nine production bases in Guangdong, Anhui, Hunan, Guangxi, Chongqing, etc.
In the first half of 2023, special drinks rose from 36.70% to 40.86% in late 2022, and sales rose from 26.62% to 29.06% in late 2022, with the second ranking maintained. Meanwhile, early in 2023, the company launched a new electrolytic beverage, “rehydration”, with strong growth and a second-growth curve.
It is clear that the company has moved further towards diversification. 1.2 Equity structure: high concentration of holdings, high level of management experience in the consumer goods industry, and high concentration of the company’s chairman, Mr. Lim-Kook family.
The chairman's deep-deep-drinking beverages industry, where senior executives come from and are experienced in the consumer goods industry. Mr. Woody's former head of the department of Orin Natural Beverage Company, who has been in charge for more than 30 years, has been working in the beverage industry for raw materials, technology, etc.
The company’s Vice-President, Mr. Lu Yifu, has been working in Gatau and Kaori, and the food domain and marketing experience: Ms. Jiang Weiwei, who runs the company’s brand, has also come from a well-known advertising policy in the consumer goods industry. The company’s core management team is the company’s founder, the management team is stable; and the external professional executives are also engaged.
Liu Mei, 1991.7-2000.8, Engineer of the Organicized Plant of Taiwon Chemical Industries Group, Crafts
Commissioner; 2000.8-2003.9 in the business of Dong Poon; 2003.10-2019.4 and former Director of the Integrated Office and Deputy Director-General: 2019.4 to date Director and Vice-President of Dong Poon's Beverage.
From 2002 to 2003, he was a creative writer at Kim Dynasty, Inc.; from 2003 to 2005, for Guangdong Ping-seong Advertising, Ltd.; from 2005 to 2007, he was directed by the Great Wall International Advertising, Ltd.; from 2007 to 2010, he was the general manager of Ping-seong Advertising, Ltd. in Shanghai; and from 2012 to 2015.
As Deputy Director-General of Guangzhou Corporation, Chang Yong Media Company, Inc., 2017-2019.4 as Head of Dong Poon Beverage and its former branding centre, and 2019.4 as Vice-President of Dong Peng Beverage, to date. 1.3 Main Camp Products: Special Drinks are at the core and the “energy plus” product matrix provides additional quantities
In addition, the company produces new functional products that are rejuvenate and healthy, including sugar, gas, and gas.
In addition, the company's unique series of vegetable beverages contains different kinds of vegetable herbs, such as oils, skins, and melons.
In 2022, Tung Peng Peng was responsible for 96.2 per cent of the income of the company's main business, which consists mainly of 4 products, 500 ml/250 ml/250 ml cans/250 ml bricks, and the competitive strategy was adjusted to gradually replace 250 ml gold bottles as a core product of Tung Peng.
The growth rate was strong, with a contribution of $5,024 million in 2021, or 72 per cent, and a compound increase of over 200 per cent in 2017-2021. And 250ml cants of gold were the absolute core in 2017, with a contribution of 2,413 million won, or 84.95 per cent, but with the roll-out of 500ml cans, 250ml products were gradually moved to auxiliary roles in the product matrix and 500ml cans were donated.
In 2021, 848 million yuan, or 12.18 per cent, was spent.In 2023, the company launched electrolytic beverages at the beginning of the year, which were developed by the consumer of electrolytic beverages in late 2022, resulting in a rapid release of products. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company earned $7,944.640 million of beverages/other beverages, respectively.
Rapid opening of the market to boost sales, and continuous acceleration of the company’s other beverages cycling, with a rising proportion of products. Chart 5: The ratio of the East Pontos to the 500ml gold bottlers and the channel profit-run special-drinking series, creating the core large monolith status. The core single 500ml
The Māori rate for large gold bottle products has been rising in recent years, reaching 52.2 per cent in 2020, at the top of a series of products in the East Pots, the company ' s 500 ml gold bottle/250 ml gold can/250 ml gold can/250 ml gold brick terminal was sold at a price of $5/3/4/2 per piece, with channel profits of $40/26/40/$21 per box, respectively. In terms of channel profits, 500 ml and 250 ml gold were sold in 2020.
The profits from the cans are much higher than those from other products, and the distributors have a strong propensity to promote them, and they are the company’s main source of energy.1.4 Financial analysis: special drinking, nationalization, rising profits, nationalization-led company revenue in Dong Peng, and rising profits. In 2022, the company achieved $8,501 million.
The introduction of the 500ml gold bottle a year, the location of the company with a high value for money and the higher profit levels allowed it to expand rapidly throughout the country, and since 2019, the profits have been growing at a much faster rate than the profits. Pet, white sugar prices and the Māori rate have shown a significant negative correlation. At the cost side, the company's core raw materials are pet and white sugar, combined.
In 2021, raw materials accounted for 80% of the company’s main operating costs, while in 2021, pet and white sand sugar were the core raw materials, which together accounted for 62% of the company’s total procurement costs. The company’s Māori rate was highly correlated with the price of pet and white sugar.
In recent years, net corporate interest rates have been rising as a result of large-scale co-opting of advertising costs. In 2022, the company’s Maori ratio was more expensive to raise net interest rates, and then the company’s advertising was more rational, with net interest rates rising from year to year.
At the cost side, the company’s current costs are well controlled, and sales rates have improved significantly over the last five years. In the early days of corporate marketing/management in 2022, more brand advertising costs were invested, while recent years have been associated with the company’s increased visibility, with advertising costs being invested year after year.
Corporate promotions tend to be less rational each year, and advertising inputs and channels are more balanced. Corporate promotions, which are divided into advertising and marketing, are better placed at the end of advertising to create brand visibility before they go on the market.
Large, 482 million yuan was invested in 2018, with 15.88 per cent of advertising costs, mainly due to the high input during the World Cup, and the high publicity fee for the current period. After 2018, advertising and advertising costs fell year after year, while channel promotion costs accompanied company refinements.
5.28 /3.97 per cent of the inputs are gradually being balanced; in 2023, the company ' s nationalization strategy continued to advance, the terminal was being opened up, the channels were operating more efficiently, the long-term results of such basic work as ice depositing and the freezing of products continued to materialize, and the use of special drinks continued to drive the growth of the Māori rate.
At the cost end, the company’s lower price of pet is more resilient than it was in the first half of the year. At the cost end, sales costs have increased slightly, with incentives for salesmen for the current period and other factors such as increasing the use of freezers and new advertising.
Short-term perspective: Nationalization of special drinks is still open and industry leaders are looking forward. In the short term, functional drinks are still a high-speed, high-quality track in soft drinks, and a steady increase is expected to continue, driven by the nationalization of the company's core, single product, East Pinocchio.
2.1 The functional beverage industry is large and growing: the growth is strong, and it is still the main driving force behind the soft drinks industry, which is a high-speed, high-quality sub-track. Energy beverages, as a function, are relatively late in the country, and the core of the product increases energy levels and contains light carbonic acid, high-level caffeine content.
In 2022, the functional beverages industry, according to Eurich International data, stood at $5.355 billion, with a slight decline in the prevalence of the disease, of 2.93 per cent in comparison with the previous year, accounting for 8.71 per cent of the retail market for soft drinks, and ranked fifth in the sub-sector. The sector received 14.09 per cent of cagr in nearly 10 years, ranking first in the soft drinks industry, and nearly twice as fast as the total of 4.98 per cent in the soft drinks industry.
From the point of view of splitting, volume increases are the core driving force of the functional beverages industry. From the point of view of sales, the country ' s functional drinking industry sold 2,664 million litres in 2022, down 1.4 per cent from the previous year, and its sales volume in the last 10 years was 16.29 per cent. From the point of view of average prices, the main growth in the industry was still driven by volume increases, with a relatively slow increase in average prices.
Demand for energy beverages is driven by the expansion of the sector, which is difficult to increase in the short term. In the short term, the functional beverage sector is still in a state of rapid expansion, and the growth of consumption habits and consumption populations will further drive the expansion of the industry, while the core will be reduced.
The cost groups are blue-collar, white-collar groups, generally more price sensitive, product-oriented, industry averages are expected to be difficult to access in the short term to 2.2 functional beverage sector space: demand end-of-life drivers, full market space for expansion, full space for functional beverages, and industry is expected to grow steadily in size. According to Ewyn International, the country will be able to do so in 2028.
The volume of beverage sales is expected to reach 77,997 million yuan, and retail sales in the next five years are expected to be 6.26 per cent, representing nearly 45 per cent of the incremental space over the 2022 market size of 53.3 billion people. With both diversification of the consumption landscape and rejuvenation of the consumer population, the market size of the beverage market is sufficiently large.
According to consumer portraits, the main consumer groups of functional beverages have expanded from the former couriers, drivers, health-care workers, blue-collar workers, etc., to the younger age groups of white collars, students, electronic players, etc., who are in need of late-night refreshment. From the consumer scene, the initial overtime, night-time, fatigue, etc., has been gradually extended to parties, recreational socialization, outdoor exercise, etc.
In addition, some brands target new products, targeting consumer sites such as electronic competition, music festivals, bars, etc., to promote the rejuvenation of the consumer population of functional beverages. Compared to overseas regions, our per capita consumption of functional beverages still has significant incremental space, currently close to the global average of water.
We have a significant gap in the development of the functional beverage industry with the United States and the United States markets, with per capita consumption of functional beverages rising only in 2022, which is 5.1.5.4 times the per capita consumption of ours, and East Asia, which also has a similar culture of overtime, which is 3.8 litres per capita, almost double the country's average. For the mature overseas market, we still consume per capita.
The blue collars, new blue collars, white collars, student groups that benefit from our large base have greater demand potential in the functional beverages industry. We have more than half of the blue-collar workers who need more manual labour in our labour market.
Focusing on driving for long periods of time has a greater need for additional strength and awareness. And the rapid growth of the network, courier operations in recent years has made such new blue-collars a new source of demand for energy drinks. Moreover, the white-collar population has been working for long periods of time, working late at night raising demand directly, and indirectly catalyzing the size of the take-out rider.
The brand has also gradually increased its brand among young people by participating in the rejuvenating scenes of the festival, the competition for electricity, and the movement of the limits.
Since 2016, red bulls have been caught in a branding contest, with a single competition for functional beverages broken. In 1995, red cow rates were advanced into the Chinese market, followed by long-term dominance of functional beverage. In 2012, red bulls were over 80%, sold in 2014 instead of 50 years, and were not renewed after the expiry of the agreement, both sides should stop using red cow brands.
Thailand’s Tianxing has been working with other brands to launch red cow brands that are more similar to overpacking. While questioning each other’s legal compliance with each other’s products, brands, sales, advertising, etc., they have also brought profit opportunities to various counterfeit products, and red cow brands continue to lose their image at the end of their channels and at the end of their customers.
In addition, following the prosecution of the Wabin Red Bull, the advertising campaign was damaged and the market share declined from 82.1 per cent in 2012 to 55.2 per cent in 2022. By the end of 2023, the Beijing City High People ' s Court quashed the previous first instance decision of the Beijing Intermediate People ' s Court, but the result was that no decision was taken on the dispute between the parties over the cooperation agreement, and the brand dispute between the two sides continued.
In 2013, the industry of cr5/cr3 was 98.8%/91.8%, with a high concentration of the industry, and a strong leader after 2015.
At the same time, foreign brands have begun to create China’s market, falling to 92.3% and 80.7%, respectively, since the Red Bulls were involved in business disputes, and the concentration of the industry has continued to fall. During the re-engineering of the industry, East Peng's beverages have seized on opportunities, through price competition, national expansion, product taste, and so on.
The pattern of packaging against the poles, with rapid market grabs, continued to rise, from 4.7 per cent in 2012 to 14 per cent in 2022 (Ewine sales calibre), and the pattern of competition from overseas brand monopolies to national production. 2.4 In the larger context of the consumption classification, the value of the value of the product is more in line with consumption trends.
Doppelganger prices are higher than products and more in line with the current trend of rational consumption. Compared to the dotted product lists, the mainstream 500ml gold bottles are valued at $10 per litre, while major products in the industry such as red cows/magic claws/day full/power health units are priced at 24/21.2/125/90 per litre, and companies are priced for the respective specifications.
As the main consumer group is the blue-collar, white-collar, etc., consumers are price-sensitive, while, in the current climate of weak economic recovery and low-level consumption, extreme value for money becomes the central competitive advantage of Eastphalin.
Medium-term dimension: power electrolysis, coffee lanes, energy plus opening the second growth curve. In the medium term, the company uses the "energy plus" as its main line, with the introduction of the dopium curry for the white-collar population, as well as the electrolytic products that benefit from the catalysing of the epidemic.
According to Euryd International, the current company ' s rtd coffee and electrolytic beverages, which are part of the second-growth curve layout, are high-speed competitions for soft drinks. 3.1 Electrolytic beverages: with the epidemic ' s catalytic effect, consumer education is moving fast.
Since 2020, the outbreak of the epidemic and the frequency of various respiratory influenza outbreaks have allowed electrolytic water to replenish the influenza patients in a timely manner.
Minerals and electrolytic components effectively help the human immune system to fight the virus, move into the eyes of consumers during the winter flu season, rapidly develop a faithful electrolytic water audience, and some consumers even begin to replace ordinary mineral water with electrolytic water, and their applications extend from a single sports scene to daily drinking. According to the Institute of Foresight Economics, 72% of our consumers are in the game.
With the benefits of increased consumption, the market for electrolytic beverages in the country has grown significantly over two years: according to the Institute, the market for electrolytic beverages in 2020 was only 900 million yuan, and in 2022 it reached 2.6 billion yuan. This compares with Japan ' s year-on-year.
Intra-capitalized alien power has taken over the Japanese brand of BMW. By 2020, our market for electrolyte water was long occupied by Japanese brands of BMW and Pepsi, with few indigenous brands on the track.
Alien aliens under the gas forest were created, and innovatively developed a low sodium formula for electrolytic water science in response to the fact that our consumers generally consume more than twice the World Health Organization ' s maximum consumption of salt. Extraterrestrials gained a faster “functional” than industry average.
In comparison with competitions such as aliens, BMW, the Tung Peng has a high value-for-money route. The BMW has a long-term deep-drawn market with electrolytic brands, enjoying a certain brand premium; aliens have improved their packaging, formulations, produce more than industry averages, have a product premium, two brands have a unit price of $10/l, and have a higher unit price.
Starsmen and treasure mines, both at $8/l or more. Dong Poon entered the electrolytic water market at the beginning of 2023, taking advantage of his strong functional drinking power and channel strength to follow a high value-for-money path at a price of $7.21/l, which is significantly lower than the above-mentioned brand, while cutting into gyms, gyms, sports halls, etc., which are heavily tied to the sports water consumption scene, with a strong overall growth momentum.
3.2rtd Coffee: The coffee-consuming population continues to grow, the demand-side space is strong, the coffee-consuming population is growing, and the demand-group is deep. Coffee has entered China for the first time since 1998 when Nestlé launched the products in question, and has experienced a period of stagnation since then. In recent years, it has been accompanied by current productions such as Rishin, Starbuck, Kudi, etc.
Coffee continues to grow, our consumers are more and more comfortable with coffee, and the brands of coffee are aimed at the commercial layout of rtd coffee, which is responsible for short-term growth in the size of the coffee market.
The market is more concentrated, Nestlé being the leader of the market. Nestlé is one of the first players to enter China’s coffee-drinking market, with a long history of branding and a strong brand. The Oeswig International data show that China, Nestlé in the coffee-drinking market, was the sole leader in 2022, with a city share of 47.2%; and coffee brands such as Starbucks, Santley, Penang, Géorgia, etc.
The two-step team, each of which has a single-digit market share; other coffee brands have a lower market share, sharing 26.7% of the coffee market. Tracking brands, i.e., coffee-drinking unit prices, according to the city’s rate, shows that the market’s main price belt is divided into $4-5 and over $5.
At the same time, following the lead steps is also sold at low prices. Starbucks and Georgia, as import brands, have a high brand premium, with single bottles worth more than $10 or more. Chart 35: Nestlé is the tap for coffee.
In the mid-1980s, the proportion of people with coffee habits had been declining, until the availability of coffee, a powerful boost to the US coffee market. Today, the United States market is far ahead of the global coffee market, where coffee is now grinding.
Consumption has always been higher than 85%, followed by rapid growth in the rtd coffee market, where the share of now milled coffee and fast-settling coffee is growing, and where the coffee is growing again in the future. Domestic rtd has entered earlier, but has been slow to grow in the long run due to a relatively small proportion of the consumer base.
After reaching 1.95 cups, the average per capita consumption in the United States remained stable at about two cups per day. By contrast, the United States of America ' s rtd coffee also grew after per capita consumption stabilized since 2017, the size of the rtd coffee grew from $3.083 billion in 2017 to its continued cultivation, and is expected to increase as coffee consumption continues to permeate, and demand for the rtd coffee is expected to rise after the current coffee consumption group has spilled.
There is a similar re-emergence in the United States. The company continues to innovate over the present year, and it is expected that the consumer demand will shift in time to take over the shifting consumption groups.
Figure 38 Trends in the size of the United States coffee class Long-term outlook: for giants, towards platform-based beverage companies Long-term, with demand-side consumption trends, the company is accelerating the expansion product matrix and the recent surge in windfalls has not been forthcoming
The sugar tea class, as well as the consumption scenes of traditional gifts, meals, etc., through the further distribution of coconut juice products, is expected to expand the consumer population further in the future. At the same time, subsequent companies still have stocks of new products, and future layouts are expected to create new growth poles from black horses, which rely on large monolithic retailing modes, to fully fledged platformed companies.
4.1 The sugar-free tea industry: the healthy consumption of controlled sugar has continued, the sugar-free tea has pervaded, the sugar-free tea is in line with the trend of health consumption in our country in recent years, and is expected to continue to pervade rapidly in the future. For tea-saling countries, there are large groups of consumers in both the present and the drinking world, but we now produce pure tea (not adding juice, milk, etc.) and tea-drinking markets.
There is a slight difference in consumption preferences: the current pure tea market does not usually add sugar or juice to the tea market and seeks to taste the unique taste of the tea itself: the drinking of the tea properly adds the bitterness of the sugar and the tea and melts the tea. Compared to the high penetration rates of sugar-free tea in Korea (96.1%) and Japan (85.2%), the rate of sugar-free tea penetration in the country is only 7.7%, and there is a wide penetration space.
The history of tea consumption in our country over the course of the millennium shows that our consumers have long been drinking unsugared tea in the current scene, with a higher acceptance of unsugared tea, i.e., that the unsugar-free tea has been more concentrated on the technical constraints of extraction, taste, preservation, etc. on the supply side. And the huge amount of food that we drink, i.e., tea beverage market, is accompanied by an increasing emphasis on sugar-reducing, i.e., not in the tea market.
Rtd tea, driven by sugar-free tea, is still growing, and the short-term market is expected to expand by 10 billion. Under the twin logic of “Increased Tea-Steating Group + Increased Sugar-Free Tea Infiltration,” our tea market is growing rapidly, according to mirror market intelligence, in 2022.
The country's sugar-free tea market, which stands at 7.38 billion, with a capr of 28.6 per cent between 2017 and 2022, and the potential for high growth in the future, is still low in figure 39: sugar-free tea in the instant tea market in 2022 Figure 40: the size and speed of our sugar-free tea beverages market
Japan's brands of tri-trends, Peasant Hill Springs, or Orient leaves, and China's brands of tea, are still relatively strong. The main players can be divided into three categories: 1) new power brands, represented by gas forests. This type of brand had previous experience in making 0 sugar beverages, and had some brand influence in the area of zero sugar, by changing formulations and using its own products.
The brand was previously involved in hunting, drinking tea, natural switching to a sugar-free tea market through the expansion of a sugar-free tea branding camp under the flag or its transformation; and 3) cross-border brands, represented by the tea of Naishi. The brand had not previously been cut into tea, but had other beverage business experience, or
Having a wide audience of current tea, using its own branding power and channels to tap into the sugar-free or tea-free market. Taken together, sugar-free tea consumption has attracted a large number of powerful businesses to enter, and is still in the early stages of competition, with different brand formulations and overall homogenization of products.
Source: Tea extraction, adding tea powder, and adding tea concentrate. In this case, the monotropical fragrance that maximizes the return of the tea is extracted directly from the tea, but at a relatively high cost. Dismantling various brands of the fabric shows that brands that follow a “value-for-money” route, such as Tritley, Dong Peng, prefer to add tea powder or tea concentrate: while Eastern leaves and burning tea, which are relatively high per unit, choose direct tea extraction.
But, according to consumer feedback, the different types of sugarless tea are less variable in the same taste, while consumers are far less concerned with tea, tea powder, tea concentrate formulations than with the addition of 0 sugar and 0 fat to the product itself.
The price of the main product is relatively narrow. According to the retail price of the branded Kyoto flagship shop, the price of sugar-free tea in the country is now 4-7 yuan. The price of sugar-free tea in each brand is difficult to achieve through product or brand power.
In the current consumption environment, consumers are more willing to pay for high-value, non-sugar tea brands, which are represented by tri-profits, tea rooms, and doppelgangers. Chart 43: Differences in sugar-free tea formulations between brands
4.2 Plant-based beverage industry: traditional plant-based beverages are at the top, corporate value-adding is advanced into mature products Plant-based industries mature and stock markets contract. Plant-based industries have emerged in the last century, and after decades, plant-based beverages have been used for a variety of events such as breakfast, hot pots, tea afternoon, and consumption scenes and audiences have been fully exploited.
Internationally, our plant-based market was about 40 billion by 2020, damaged by consumption, and consumed by residents. The country ' s plant-based market was 37.696 billion yuan, slowly shrinking at a low medium-digit rate.
In 2023, three types of traditional beverage, soy milk, coconut milk and apricot milk, took up half of our vegetable-based beverage: according to Eurysian International, in 2023, soy milk/coconut milk/apricot milk took up the market in 2023, respectively, 29.67 per cent/25.21 per cent/10.18 per cent, but due to strong market competition and industry growth, soy milk and coconut milk are expected to grow to the highest levels, accompanied by the import of fresh products such as oat milk, nuts milk, and soy milk and coconut milk.
The oatmeal milk did not show up until 2020, when it landed on NASDAQ in 2021, where fast-tracking took up a market share and became an incremental market track for plant-based beverages. Market competition was stable, and traditional product companies accounted for the top five. In 2022, the plant-based market was 59%.
The market is relatively concentrated. The top five companies have a smaller variety of brands and rely more on a large single and traditional class of products: in addition to walnut and soy milk, the Coconut Group focuses on coconut milk, Xinde Lulu's almond milk, Darry's food and Vita's milk, while the top five companies have a small number of oatmeal milk companies.
The reason for the high concentration of the "brands" in the separate lanes is: because different regions produce different plant-based raw materials, trajectories, diversification is not conducive to cost control, such as coconuts, which are mainly produced in the south of the country, and where the north-based nutrients and the sea-south groups of coconut trees are competing.
Often, the product is tied, and it is difficult for the rest to cross the brand barriers even if they try to diversify. For these reasons, I have a mature national plant-based market, with tap companies focusing mainly on soybean milk, coconut milk, apricot milk, one of the three traditional lanes, and plant-based cabarets, all of which have strong branded Dragonheads.
Looking ahead to the coconut milk track, the current tea and coffee brands are starting to use coconut milk as a raw material, leading to the recovery of traditional forms of coconut milk. Since the introduction of the “cococonut-based latte” big-blast, the current tea and coffee brands have been replicated, shifting from coconut-only fruit to coconut milk.
Coconut creates new consumption scenes, and pulls up the growth of traditional coconut milk lanes. Along with the continued encryption of tea and coffee brands, tea and coffee are expected to be more intensive.
In 2022, the Coconut Group, calculated at 4,719 million camps, accounted for 50.42% of the Coconut Group, an absolute leader of the Coconut Dairy City, strong brands combined with high-quality raw material endowments in Hainan, and the rest of the brands had difficulty dividing the Coconut Group’s share by high-end routes. From industry to the consumer environment, the “consumption ups” trend has dwindled since 2023, and the consumer environment logic is based on “high ends”
In the context of the dual logic of the industry and the consumer environment, the future market for coconut milk is expected to change to a value-for-money, and the company, represented by the doppelganger, is positioned to cut high-end prices into the mound, becoming a new player in the mound: 245ml with coconut milk, the unit price of the doppelganger is 2.08 yuan per box, 47.9 per cent lower than the price of 3.5 yuan per box of coconuts, and is expected to capture a certain market share in the larger industry context.
At the end of the channel, traditional plant-based products are generally based on the consumption scenes of commercial overbidding, catering, and catering and catering, and the company's distribution of coconut juice products has been effective in compensating for the missing consumption scenes of both of the above-mentioned products. According to Eury International data, the distribution of the shares of supermarkets and small grocery stores is based on the distribution of medium-sized and medium-sized stores.
Nearly 70 per cent of the total, 14 per cent, 8 per cent, 2 per cent, and only 8 per cent of the total are sold online. In terms of the geographical distribution of consumers, nearly half of our market for plant protein beverages is below the three-line market, and this time the company has introduced new products that are priced well below the mainstream brand and can effectively cut into the bottom-line consumer group.
4.3 A shallow triad, a farmer's spring, a company with a platformed enterprise's common traits. Dong Peng has, for many years of operation, initially acquired the essence of the evolution of the beverage enterprise to a platform such as a triad, a farmer's spring. We are more than a remix, a farmer's spring, and we believe that the company has a number of common features to become a platformed enterprise.
The Japanese whiskey is evidence of success. In 1899, Nobujiro Tokiro founded the Bird well shop, which was the first to import European red wine, but the lack of taste led to a loss of access.
After the wine-breeding family had developed Japanese whiskey, the first Japanese whiskey distillation factory, Yamazaki, was founded, the first product in 1929 was made white and unaccepted by consumers for keeping the smell of Scotch smoke, and the sales were poor. The two men split up, and Nobujiro was founded to build a Japanese-style home-made whiskey, which was launched in 1937.
In keeping with consumption trends, the market was opened up for value-for-money products. Japan’s economy experienced a gradual economic downturn during the two World Wars, despite the fact that the economy was in a state of recession.
There was a total ban on domestic whiskey, but the low consumption capacity, which led to the prevalence of fake and bad wine, and the introduction of low prices of whiskey toys and the opening of a bar with the same name in 1946, which promoted the use of ice and soda for drinking, low alcohol levels and clear mouths, which made them rapidly popular between the wage earners and the student community.
As a function drink, Dong Peng is also showing an improvement in localization and a better targeting of competitions. On the product mix, the doppelganger is more adapted to the country’s population’s taste than products originating from abroad, such as Red Bulls and Carabur, with fewer sugars added, and the overall taste is lighter than that of overseas red cows, health care, etc.
The company's matrix of products with different specifications, such as large gold bottles, gold cans, and gas, has a clear goal for the bid, while the product is also a more extensive market for value than for value. On the product specifications, East Pine drinks 250 ml gold bottles, 500 ml gold bottles, 330 ml gold cans, zero sugar, bubbles, etc. multi-specific products.
The company competes with other conventional bottling products, depending on the size of the country’s second-tier product plate, such as tiggers, and body energy, albeit priced in close proximity, to meet the needs of the major consumer groups, such as truck drivers. For traditional red cow-filled products, the company has introduced 250 ml cans of packaging-like gold to compete directly at a low price.
In addition, the company has introduced 330-ml gold can products in specifications, packagings, mainly against brand brand branded brands, and foreign-owned Austrian red bulls, American magic claws, among others, which are currently used in a relatively small number of products. At the same time, the company has introduced derivatives to compete for young markets, targeting soft drinks such as 0 sugar and gas.
Equipping, differential price competition, precision positioning of different consumer groups, staircase penetration of market segments, and full-scale layout of product lines. While meeting the needs of various consumer groups in different scenarios, precision is applied to other competing markets.
The nationalization and high penetration distribution channels at the end of the channel are the foundation for the success of a soft-beverage tap. Farmer Springs has earlier completed district-level distribution coverage at the district level throughout the country, and purchased Angie Smart Life from the nursery in 2018, developing the ATM business and opening up new outlets for automatic retail sales.
Farmer Springs has undergone three channels of reform, and the current model of large-customerism has matured. Prior to 2008, Farmer Springs was a leader in fast-tracking such industries as Wakhah, Unity, and Master Kang, choosing a combined marketing model similar to that of the Wa Haha at the channel, using a proxy system to avoid the weakness of its own channel capacity, opening up the national market quickly with the power of an agent.
Between 2008 and 2013, digital reforms were introduced to introduce digital management systems such as sap to upgrade channel management capabilities. At the same time, the shift was made to learn a C-coca-Cola-based distribution model to strengthen end-control capabilities.
In recent years, along with rising land prices in high-line cities, rents from traditional distribution channels, such as convenience stores, have led to increased operating costs, and companies have started to increase the use of vending machines and freezers in line 1 and 2 cities. See Japan’s retail end, the data show that Japanese ATMs sell more than 25% of the beverages in Japan’s beverages market, while the United States accounts for about 15% in China, and none in China.
By 2019, some 60,000 vending machines had been placed in nearly 300 cities around the country, mainly for two consumption scenarios, retail sales machines, and wholesale sales machines. The bulk-traffic machines were located mainly in areas near or near residential areas where the flow of people was adequate and convenient.
Half of the volume, selling prices are slightly higher than wholesale prices but lower than retail prices to meet customers who have a large household consumption demand but are more than willing to go to large businesses. Retail sales machines are deployed mainly in the regions of the metro station, where there is a higher flow of people, to supplement retail channels such as convenience stores in high-line cities affected by high rents.
In contrast, Dong Peng has also set up a network of networks with extensive coverage and penetration on and below the line. On traditional channels, companies continue to operate and expand distributors, postmanies, wholesalers, and terminals: on-line channels, companies have some layouts for traditional power suppliers, short video broadcasts, social platform, and so on.
In 2021, the share of sales income reached 88.63 per cent; in both direct and on-line distribution, companies have established a more sophisticated network nationwide. As of 2023q3, 2,513 cooperative distributors nationwide.
Twenty-67/127/398/846/453, with the growth of North-West, South-West and Straightlines growing rapidly after 2017, with more than 300 dealers growing. Currently, the company distribution channels cover nearly 3.3 million end-doors, and the fast-opening distribution channels provide a solid foundation for high growth rates in corporate markets.
Companies adopt different marketing strategies for markets of varying maturity levels: mature markets reinforce deep-farming, new markets are highly market-driven, and fast-paced. For mature core markets, such as Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, China, and Southwest, the business model is based on good company farming, with a full range of services downstream through the deployment of experienced marketing teams.
Channels and retail terminals to increase brand influence, enhance channel penetration, and thus increase market ownership of products. For emerging market regions, the main mode of operation is large circulation, where companies establish cooperative relationships with experienced distributors with strong marketing teams, outlets, and through distributors' own service capabilities and market resources, where distributors are primarily responsible for doing so in designated regional markets.
The maintenance and execution of the company’s product distribution and channels, the company’s advertising, marketing training, and mentoring support for distributors, etc. The maintenance of the freeze as the best end display strategy, which accelerated the release of the terminal freezer after its listing in 2021, and the deep control of the terminal.
Coca-Cola, Master Kang, Farmer Springs, and the consolidated freezer are 1 million-500,000-scale, respectively. In 2021, the company was on the market and planned to drop 86,000 freezers, while the company sales network at the time covered about 2.09 million end-to-end shops across the country, with less than 5% of the plan. There is much room for improvement.
Market occupancy rates, the company’s continued input channel extension costs, which in 2021 cost $277 million, more than double the growth, and part of the channel’s cost for ice depositing. The company insists on opening the terminal point, using the idea that “freezing is the best display” to enhance the release and production of the freezer at the end of the channel.
It also provides a breakdown of existing markets and continues to strengthen the use of smart ice freezers in the Guangdong marketing headquarters, the National Marketing Department, and the Direct Office, and to regulate the delivery of products through the various channels more efficiently and accurately by digital means. It further strengthens product displays, increases the marketing rate of products, improves the rate of their placement, enhances single-point output and promotes marketing.
In addition, in late 2023, the company launched a new coconut juice, which is expected to fall at no cost, and is expected to fall in 2023 at the same price as the production of sugar beets and sugar cane production.
At a time when company pet prices are expected to remain stable, company combined costs are expected to fall by a lower number in 2024, and the rate of special drinking has improved slightly. After looking at the growth of the company’s high Maori specialty products, the rest of the new products are still relatively small at the beginning of the boom, while the value of the value is relatively low compared to the lower, and the company’s overall Māori rate is reduced after a short period of time, and the company is expected to have a low Māori rate.
We've chosen as comparable companies the head platform of the soft drinks industry, the Farmer Springs, and the monolithic plant beverages, milk beverages, the seminal taps, the Inde Lu, Li, and the fragrance. Dong Peng beverages are currently undervalued as traditional soft beverages that drink the giant farmer springs, but are relatively low in performance. In terms of performance growth, the dopium is at a high level.
Long functional beverage track, with future incremental space, with performance increasing at a higher rate than comparable companies, with a net profit of 27.79 per cent over the next three years, with a lower valuation level and better investment value in the same fast-performing drinking plate company. Profit forecasts are consistent; food beverages are comparable to the average of the five companies selected in the table.
The company’s release of new products is faster than expected, and the channels after the large monolith q4 are more favourable, and the company is expected to continue to move up the cost of raw materials in 2024: price fluctuations in key raw materials, such as pet, and sugar, will affect the company’s performance. Increased competition in the industry: Increased competition in the industry will lead to a decline in both the industry and the company’s profitability.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and that, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and public.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.