In 2022, the Chinese energy and drink terminal market reached 60.2 billion.
Classes. Energy drinkers tend to be resistant to fatigue, repurchase rates and large monolithic effects are evident, with high domestic labour intensity driving demand growth at 20% per capita in developed countries, and there is still much room for improvement as the physical labour scene grows and consumption increases.
As the awareness rises, Ewyn predicts that the domestic energy and beverages market is expected to reach 36 per cent in 2027, and that the East Ponte drink expands, increasing its share from 6 per cent to 20 per cent.
The Red Bulls have become so big and strong, they're based, they're precise. The company's long-term focus on the drink track, the early products of which are clean, cold, Chen Pitt's drink, and so forth.
According to Nielson, it was the second year in a row in 2021-2022 that East Ponte was the first to sell its energy beverages in the country. The public drink was more than 90%, contributing its main income, and other products, such as East Peng Curry, Water Rehydration, etc.
A total of 165% of the success is due to precise product orientation, a breakdown of the “Twenty-Twenty” consumer drawings, matching the needs of client groups with value for money, unique packaging, and multiple specifications, and a continuous branding process that consolidates the “wearyness” through a broad-based investment in diversity.
At the same time, the first association of brands and the active involvement in product displays, digital marketing and the creation of branded moats, beverages, beverages, beverages, beverages, beverages, beverages, etc.
The company uses the Guangdong-based market to achieve steady growth in harvests over the past few years through the introduction of an all-channel strategy, while the Guangdong structure continues to be optimized as the nationalization strategy moves forward. The company has set up a distribution system for distributors/ Wholesales/mails.
2023h1 has 2,796 distributors and 3.3 million distribution terminals, and has 100% coverage in local municipalities nationwide. In addition, the “f2b2b2c” digitally managed closed-ring construction, which helps companies to improve the efficiency and management of their channels and boost regional single-point output.
In the region of China-East/North/China-China/Changxi/South-West, the single-point output was 27 per cent per 11 per 7 per cent per 9 per 8 per cent for the last three years, but the regional output is still less than half that of Guangdong, developing new reserves and moving towards integration.
The matrix, which in 2023 launched a development plan entitled “A comprehensive development of the country to foster a second curve”, strongly supports the development of new products such as East Poon curry/cooked water/sugar-free tea, and continues to upgrade the number of products already on the market, rising to 7.41 per cent as a percentage of other beverages in 23q3.
The Division has a strong foundation for building synergies in the development, production, marketing, etc. of new products, and will continue to increase its branding of second-curve products and develop new growth points on a continuous basis. The company has now completed the layout of the country’s 10 largest production bases, the eighth in life.
In November 2023, the county base was officially launched, and the project will be a step forward in supporting the successful implementation of the company's strategy of nationalization and diversification, and the company will continue to make firm progress towards the goal of becoming China's leading comprehensive drink group.
Domestic energy beverages are still in their early stages of development, with huge market potential, while companies, as the fastest growing energy beverages in the world's entire income for the last two years, are working to open up the national market and actively explore the multi-problems of the East Poon curry/cooked water/supple-free tea to become the world's most rapidly growing energy beverages.
China’s leading comprehensive beverage group is firmly on track. Prior to that, the company released 2023, 1 energy drink: long slopes, thick snows, and ups and downs. 1.1 Industry: Endurance, how strong and powerful.
Energy beverages were inspired in Japan, and red bulls opened up the Chinese market. The development of energy beverages dates back to the 1920s, when the first generation of energy beverages in the United Kingdom appeared in 1927. The red bulls were born in Thailand in 1966.
In 1995 it entered the Chinese market, in 1997 it entered the United States market, and since then, all kinds of energy beverages have competed from the size to the strength of the Red Bull. In 1995, the Red Bull entered the Chinese market, forming a joint venture with the current Wabing Group, and the formulation of the Red Bull products and the related trademarks came from the same source.
In August 2016, Tianxil announced a 20-year expiration of the mandate, which was divided between the two sides, and the start of a several-year trademark contest, which also led to the coexistence of a wide range of red cow products on the market, which affected red cow brands and their market occupation.
The rate also dropped from 72.9% in 2013 to 36.4% in 2022, and other energy products took advantage of this opportunity to develop, and the overall market pattern was one-size-fits-all. Energy-drinking beverage-led soft-drink track.
In recent years, energy beverages have continued to grow at a higher rate, but they are still in the middle of their growth phase, and the variety of products has not yet been fully divided. In 2022, China’s energy beverage terminal reached 60.2 billion yuan in size, with a combined growth rate of about 11% in 2017-2022, with a steady increase.
The country is still in the early stages of development, and the market has grown steadily. Compared to other developed countries, China’s economic development level and per capita spending on functional beverages are still developing.
It will unleash a huge market potential, which, according to Ewyn, could reach 75.2 billion yuan in 2027. Figure 5: Steady growth in the size of the domestic market (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Energy beverages contain a certain amount of energy and add an appropriate amount of nutrients or other specific ingredients. Energy beverages in the country generally have the effect of “strength-resistant” and “deepness” to supplement energy for the organism, or accelerate energy release and absorption.
Helping the body use of sugar, amino acid, caffeine (promoting metabolism), lysine (promoting energy metabolism in brain tissue), vitamin b (promoting energy in the organism, consumption of diverse scenarios, and growing consumption of rigid demand.
The consumer groups are high-strength workers such as drivers, health workers, athletes, gymnastics, etc., and gradually reach out to more groups, such as white collars, students.
As the pace of life in the country accelerates, the burden of hard and poor living conditions is becoming more common, providing a large and stable user base for the domestic consumption of functional drinks.
The fee group is a sticky base plate for energy drinks. Express, takeout, and Internet subscriptions are on the rise. New blue-collars, represented by riders, couriers and Internet-contractor drivers, have grown since 2016 and will sink in the future as the market subsides.
The growth potential of the city ' s new blue-collar occupations is enormous and represents an important driver of the growth in demand for energy beverages.
The labour intensity of China is ranked internationally in terms of the daily per capita time distribution statistics for each country for the year. Fourth, there are about 8.4 hours of work per person in China, while more than 60 per cent of countries at the international level work less than 8 hours, an increase from 7.9 hours in 2008.
The amount of energy beverages per capita and the amount of consumption in our energy beverages is still very much higher than the international level. Our energy beverages industry is now starting at a later stage than in Europe and America.
Domestic per capita consumption of energy beverages is still low, at about 20% in developed countries, while market demand still has much room for improvement. As consumers’ awareness and acceptance of functional beverages increases, future beverage is expected.
There will be more possibilities for the industry: domestic consumers are more in favor of indigenous brands, and the health concerns of consumers will also drive the development of functional beverage products to fine-tune, multi-metametrically: applications of digital operations and the tendency of firms to globalize the market.
The development of the Chinese functional beverage industry is influenced by the fact that the growth potential of China’s functional beverage market will be further unleashed as consumption scenes and product functions become more abundant.
2.1 General: From Guangdong to Guangdong and from Guangdong to China. Dong Peng's beverages started in Shenzhen, Guangdong in 1994 and were transformed from State to private-owned enterprises in 2003 and are growing rapidly.
In 2013, he signed the contract to serve as an advocate for the brand name of Dong Peng, which began to market the national market in 2021. At present, Dong Peng's beverages are owned by the departments of Guangdong, Guangxi, China, China, China, China, and other major regions of the country, including Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi, etc.
As of 30 June 2023, the company's founder and chairman, Woodwork, held 49.74 per cent of the direct shares and invested in the Far East Road by investing in the capital.
The company continues to promote brand symbols such as “drink and drink” and “drink and drink” . It continues to cement the first association of “weary” moments. According to Nielsoniq's report,
Ponte was ranked first in China ' s energy beverages for the second year in 2021 and 2022, and second in its sales, becoming the fastest growing revenue function in the world.
The number rose from 36.70 per cent at the end of 2022 to 40.86 per cent, with the top ranking remaining; in 2023, East Ponte was added to the list of top 100 top-value Chinese brands for the second year in a row with a $2.359 billion brand value.
Figure 12: The company’s continued consolidation of the “weary” moment, nationalization drives a steady growth in net revenue.
At the same time, in the Guangdong region, the full-source farming strategy continued, generating 500 ml east platinum, which increased by 27.24 per cent over the same period, with a net profit of $1,108 million, or 46.84 per cent over the same period, and business earnings and net profits remained stable for many years.
The share of the region outside the Guangdong region is gradually rising. The company’s share of the proceeds is more than 90%. The main distribution areas are Guangdong, Huadong, China, Guangxi, and Southwest.
As the nationalization strategy moves forward, the share of the outside of the Guangdong region will gradually rise to figure 17: Disbursing the collection areas.
There has been a steady increase in profitability. The Māori rate of corporate sales has fluctuated as a result of factors such as rising prices for raw materials, while the overall costs of corporate management, R & D, etc., have remained stable and the costs of sales have increased as the nationalization strategy has been advanced.
China’s consumption of functional beverages is expanding, consumer demand is growing, production competition is shifting from homogenization to differentiation, and product categories are rich and superior.
The branding of brands continues to evolve, creating a more stable and healthy pattern of industrial competition. Companies have formulated their overall development goals for 2023-2025, with four major marketing strategies and six functional strategies dominated by product strategies, customer strategies, branding strategies, marketing digitization strategies.
A strategic mix of systematic and coherent advancements was formed, with the launch of a development plan entitled “Comprehensive development of the whole country to foster the second curve” and a firm 2.2 product towards the goal of becoming China's first brand of energy beverages: special drinks based and comprehensive product categories.
Builds a matrix of "Energic energy plus" products. The company is based on nutrients such as sulfuric acid, symphatic acid, and b vinyl, which divides the taste of different customers, their functional needs, their contribution to the construction of the "Energian energy plus" as the main group, while developing other multi-species beverages and playing.
A matrix of products that are integrated and functional, the main products of which are, inter alia, eastern pontoon, east peng curry, east peng rehydration, packaged drinking water, etc., are the company’s core products.
Vitamins, sulfuric acid, flue acid, b6, b12, caffeine, Lysine, form a complete system of resistance to fatigue. On a single bottle, the main energy beverages are closer to the price zone, and the Middle East pontes drink less than the red cows if the unit of calculation is.
The price of volume is significantly lower than that of Red Bulls, and we believe that the relatively high price ratio of East Plum is favourable to targeting consumers. Packing designed to match the needs of the target user has been precisely positioned.
The first pet plastic bottle packaging and the unique dust-proof patent design were used to distinguish between a product package that was unique in the market, breaking the market constraints of a canned package of energy beverages products, and opening the market quickly. Depending on market demand, the company continued to target Dong Peng.
Special drinks have been updated and, following the original 250ml gold bottle, market-competitive packagings such as 250ml gold cans and 500ml gold cans have been introduced successively.
"Extension requirements: long-distance drivers as as ashtrays."
. beauty demand: make 250 ml better. 2.3 Channels: Fine consolidation, national distribution pattern, direct/line support. Companies use distribution networks mostly for public use.
In the Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong and China Middle Nuclear Markets, mainly through the use of company-based farming, sales workers work with dealers, postman/manufacturers and end-doors.
Costers maintain and develop, increase marketing of products and increase recognition and accuracy of product displays: in other regions, the dominant mode of large-flow operations is the establishment of partnerships between companies and distributors with stronger marketing teams and outlets, making full use of distributors
Its service capacity and market resources are primarily the responsibility of distributors for the maintenance and implementation of the distribution and distribution of corporate products in designated regional markets. The nationalization strategy is continuing, with regional revenue structures gradually being optimized.
As of 2023h1, the company had 2,796 distributors, covering 100% of the city, and the number of distribution terminals increased from 2.5 million on 30 June 2022.
3.3 million, or 32 per cent, of the growth rate. With the increased coverage of corporate channels and brand influence, new products introduced by companies can reach more consumers, thus increasing single-point output, creating new growth space for existing companies, and continuing to optimize regional revenue structures.
There is a significant acceleration in the process of nationalization, with more economically developed, more populous provinces producing and selling on a larger scale, and other regions having greater potential.
Production and consumption levels vary considerably between regions. Overall, the production and consumption of beverages are higher in economically developed and more populated areas. For example, in Guangdong Province, according to the National Statistical Office, beverages were produced in 2022 in Guangdong Province.
With 21.24 per cent of China ' s total beverages production, due to the economic transport radius of the beverages industry, the production base is usually close to the consumption concentration area, while the resident population of Guangdong accounts for 8.97 per cent of the country ' s total population. It is reasonable to assume that the consumption of beverages in Guangdong Province is higher than the national average.
The level of output in the Guangdong region is also ahead of the country. In recent years, regional output has been on the rise in all regions of the country, but there are still large gaps between the Guangdong region, accompanied by rising levels of income for the population as a whole, expansion of consumption channels and changes in perceptions, and other areas of beverages.
At the end of the pipeline, companies attach particular importance to the release of freezers, with the idea that "freezing is the best example" .
According to the company’s in-house data, refrigerators can be placed to boost single-point output, followed by brand-named logo freezers, which are equivalent to product displays, which can be effective in raising the image of the company’s end-state display and, in turn, in increasing product exposure.
The digital transition aid company precisely sold it. In 2015, Dong Peng began a digital transformation, based on "one thing, one size" technology, which married the micro-red bag to a two-dimensional code.
By making two-dimensional codes a flow entrance, a direct handshake has been achieved with terminal traders/consumers. More than 3.3 million active terminals have been connected through the five-yard series since 2019.
Details. For the terminal, for example, if the consumer cancels it, the boss can get a dollar from the consumer, an extra subsidy for East Ping's beverages, and a gift exchange credit, and so on, thereby increasing the company's sales.
Digital management is closed. From consumer digitization, to subsequent terminals, channels, to digitalizing production, companies built a "f2b2b2c" digital management closed, continuously upgrading digital operations on the line.
Actively exploring and implementing the “+ Internet” model, building capacity around people, goods, fields, goods, fees, controls and digital controls, science-based management and fine-tuning of operating terminals, enabling products to grow in good terms as expected.
and business model innovations, the establishment of a complete marketing management system, the creation of an intellectual industry chain of connectivity, transparency, from the end of supply to the end of consumption, and the timely alignment of management priorities and strategies to enhance operational effectiveness and management through the promotion of data feedback
2.4 Foresight: new products of resilience, moving towards integration, active development of the second curve, and determined progress towards an integrated beverage group. 2023, East
Pelican beverages propose a development strategy for the “national comprehensive development and nurturing of the second curve”: a major effort to support the development of new products, such as the East Poon curry, the East Poon rehydration, and the oil citrus, and to expand the products of the second curve through multi-dimensional sedimentation of brand assets, such as produce, plane, tvc, etc.
The company's production of coffee beverages, electrolyte beverages, sugar-free tea beverages, etc., continues to improve the quality of its products in terms of technological innovation, process innovation, packaging innovation, etc.
The product has been upgraded to provide consumers with healthy and efficient drinking products. Figure 31: New product categories of companies, Figure 32: Income from other beverages of companies (in %)
The electrolytic beverages begin with the wind. The electrolysis helps to maintain the body fluid balance, helps to refill water quickly, maintains motor function, promotes metabolism, and helps maintain the human function in a timely manner. According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, mid-2020-2022.
The size of the country’s electrolytic beverages market has grown rapidly, rising to around $2.7 billion in 2022, up to 50%. Rehydration has grown rapidly, targeting head brands.
The electrolytic water brand, "Tung Poon Rehydration", has two specifications: 555 ml and 1l. The electrolytic water has developed rapidly, and the peng Rehydration has developed rapidly. It has locked in the core of the movement, reaching out to students, white collars, blue collars, and actively opening ice in the sweatpoint channel.
Freezing displays and boxing, increasing the promotion of people, fast-plowing, and seizing the terminal. Rehydration reached a peak of 50,000 items per day, and opened up nearly 300,000 points at the end of April.
Figure 35: Comparison of prices of common electrolytic beverages (in yuan)
In 2022, the company optimized the taste of the classic latte "Tung Poon" latte. In 2023, it was made up of the "Tung Poon" latte.
In October of 2023, the company will consider storage for coffee products.
The market for sugar-free tea is expected to grow rapidly, with companies opening a whole new series of brands.
On September 1, company officials announced the brand of a new sugar-free tea series, "Teating Tea" and launched a new product, "Tea on Ulong," with a product specification of 555 ml/bottles and a price of $4/bottles. Euromonitor's data show that Chinese sugar-free tea is growing faster than any other tea lane.
Sugar-free tea has been growing at a low rate in 2017-2022, while sugar-free tea has been growing at a rate of 7.9% in 2022, much higher than sugar-containing tea, and Eurydice is expected to enter a high-growth period in the next five years.
The distribution, production, marketing, etc. play an active role, and the diversity of product layouts demonstrates the firm’s determination to move towards a comprehensive beverage enterprise. Figure 39: Comparison of prices of common bottled unsugar-free tea (in dollars)
The company's 8th production base — the state base — was officially inaugurated on 21 November, and Zhejiang production base was inaugurated.
By December 2023, the company had completed the layout of the country’s 10 production bases, which will be officially launched early next year in the northern part of China.
The regional headquarters and Tianjin production base, which was the 10th production base for Dong Peng beverages and the company’s first production base in the northern region on 30 October, will further support the successful implementation of the nationalization and multi-grade strategy for East Peng beverages.
Saviours became China’s leading beverages group. East Pate drinks: in January-September 2023, the company continued to plough the Guangdong market while at the same time expanding the country’s markets, with regional revenues growing by 44.18%, or 49.41%, compared to the previous year.
To 54.73%, the sales of 500ml gold bottles continue to boost the company’s sales earnings and net profits.
In the third quarter of 2023, the company introduced products such as Coconut-Breaking Lattes, Lemon Favorites and Sugarless Teas, and made a good impact on the market, further expanding the consumer population. The company will be one in the future.
Improve the national layout of the distribution network, strengthen channels, increase single-point output, add large new product types, and actively develop and develop healthy drinking products to meet the diverse consumer demand for consumption, with companies expected to generate revenues from other beverages sales throughout 2023 and over the next two years
Domestic energy beverages are still in their early stages of development, with huge market potential, while companies, as the fastest growing energy beverage in the world in the last two years, are working to open up the entire country's markets and actively explore a variety of products such as East Poon curry/cooked water/sugar-free tea.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally to produce the present report independently and objectively and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author’s research views clearly and accurately, without any third-party conclusions.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.