Since its inception, Ningbo Bank has evolved into a “one-wing” regional layout, with loans in Zhejiang province accounting for nearly two thirds of the total.
A review of historical data reveals that 1) Ningpo exports are partially positively related to Ningpo Bank receipts, but slightly behind (approximately 1 year) and mainly account for net interest income; 2) exports are less related to the quality of Ningpo Bank assets; 3) exports are partly positively related to Ningpo Bank valuations.
Underlying the relationship we consider to be the result of the Ningpo Bank’s customer structure. Before being listed, manufacturing enterprises that have a clear right to own imports and exports are a core group of public customers, exporting enterprises are mainly included in the manufacturing or commercial trade categories, and as of 22h1, Ningpo Bank accounts for the two major sectors of public credit.
Where is the valuation premium? We understand from four sides: 1) prominent market-based governance mechanisms, high \triangleright holdings with high market value, injecting development dynamism into Ningpo Bank;
Precision of client orientation. The public end is moved early to a small depth of deep farming, building on product systems such as customer accumulation, organizational restructuring, residual gold, and the “Five Second Treasures” system.
It's the middle- and upper-end group of customers, relying on the fist products of the White Lead, creating a pre-emptive advantage in consumer lending. We see that the Ningbo Bank is expected to benefit fully from the short- and long-term growth space for consumer lending.
3. Wealth transition into harvest period. Following the introduction in 2018 of wealth management as the focus of retail transformation, the layout of the current “internal build-channel-asset allocation” is broadly presented. It is now largely out of the high-speed input period.
1. Ningpo Bank (002142.sz) has been tested for risk management in the third quarter of 2022.
Assessment: Net interest differentials have recovered steadily, and net profits have increased at an up-to-2022 rate. Regional economic development, the relatively poor level of write-offs in recent years, and the low level of involvement of the real estate sector are expected to support the continued excellence in the quality of Ningbo Bank assets.
2. Ningbo Bank (002142.sz) reported mid-2022 that performance is expected to continue at a high rate and that high Roe is still on track. 1) Two licence plates are held with a win-win lease and a silver cut-off; the rate of growth is up, with assets of excellent quality - 2022/08/26
\triangleright 3. Ningpo Bank (002142.sz) reported in the first quarter of 2022, with a high potential for expansive expansion; 2) 23 years of net interest differentials with relatively low pressure.
High increase, or “storage” elasticity for a return on 23 years of asset returns; second, low percentage of mortgage loans, reset to 2021 by 4. Ningpo Bank (002142.sz) explaining that price pressure is relatively low; (3) collection or better repair over 23 years under a low base; and (4) negative net generation trend
Ningpo Bank: High Performance, Growth - Industry 2021 Investment proposal: Low pressure on net interest differentials and expected asset quality to continue with excellence We believe that Ningpo Bank's valuation premium comes from four main sources: market mechanisms, customer orientation, wealth transformation
There is still room for deepening these advantages, as well as for risk management. Twenty-three years of high roe are still available, mainly from strong performance spending 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
What is the geometry of the impact of an export on Bank Ningbo?
The introduction of a strategic investor — the Bank of Hong Kong, Singapore — and the completion of three steps in the next 14 months of the company's “false war-cross-zone-marketing” was successfully listed in 2007 as the country's first city comptoir to be listed on a stock. As of 22q3, Ningbo Bank had a total asset of $2.3 trillion, ranking a stock in the market market comptoir 4/16.
In 2007-2011, six decentralized branches were established in Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing, and others, with a clear pre-eminent advantage from outside the province. In 2012, the local branch of the city’s comptoirs tightened their policy, and Ningpo Bank began to focus on the interior of the province, with an average of one branch per year, which has now been successful.
To achieve a “one-wing” regional strategic layout with a long triangle and a two-wing “one-wing” between the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea. As of 22h1, 467 branches, excluding financial operations centres and subsidiaries, are fully covered at the municipal level in Zhejiang province.
In terms of regional distribution, more than 40% of Bank Ningpo lending is concentrated in Ningbo and nearly a quarter in other regions of the province, mainly in Jiangsu province. The economies of Jiang Zing provinces are large, with a strong credit-pooling effect in recent years, and since 2019 two provinces have seen their foreign-currency lending grow faster than ever before.
The private economy is a prominent feature of the Zhejiang economy, and social contributions are increasing.
The share of Gdp in value added has reached 67 per cent (63.8 per cent in 2012), with 43.1 per cent of financial loans contributing 73.4 per cent of taxes and 75.8 per cent of imports and exports. The Zhejiang private economy has developed in a favourable policy environment.
In December of the same year, the Central Economic Workshop explicitly proposed to insist on “two unshakeables”, to support private enterprises to boost confidence and develop better, and to encourage policy and public opinion to support the private economy and private enterprise development.
In 2021, Zhejiang province ranked third in the country in terms of disposable income, after Shanghai and Beijing. From the recovery in consumption since 22q3, Zhejiang province is clearly ahead of the national average, with Ningbo city becoming more prominent.
Figure 4: Total aggregate retail sales of social consumer goods increasing at the same rate (%): Zhejiang Province is ranked first in the country in terms of leverage.
Figure 6: Consumer lending, business lending and the same rate of growth (Ningbovs. Nationwide) 1.3 Companions of the largest ports, with a developed outward-oriented economy. Ningpo City Port is the world ' s largest port, laying the basis for outward-oriented economic development.
According to the Port Development Report, Ningpork Hill Port is the world’s top port of the world’s 50th largest port, with 1,220 billion tons of cargo throughput. Ports are the basis for outward-oriented economic development. As of 22 q3, the total share of Ningbo Sea imports and exports reached 6.3% in the country, up 1.1 pct from 20 q1 and net exports for Ningbo.
What is the impact of exports on Ningbo Bank, which is rooted in an outward-oriented economy in Ningbo? From three dimensions, we look back at Ningpo Bank revenues since 2010 and local exports.
The same rate of increase in bank revenues lags behind about one year of the same rate of increase in customs exports in Ningpo, a phenomenon that has become more pronounced since 2015. Disbursings shows that the rate of increase in net interest income is similar to that of local exports, and that the rate of increase is difficult to regular.
Preliminary conclusion: Ningbo local exports show a positive correlation with revenue collection, which has a relatively strong impact on net interest income, and the collection level reflects a lag of about one year in export data. Ningpo Customs exports show a cumulative increase in the Ningpo Bank revenues on a year-on-year basis (%)
The cumulative increase in net interest income of Ningpo Bank, which corresponds to the Ningpo customs export situation, is the same as the increase in the cumulative rate of revenue of Ningpo Bank, which corresponds to the Ningpo customs export situation (%), which we believe is due to the customer structure of Ningpo Bank. Prior to listing, Ningpo Bank
It is clearly stated that the core client base for public business is a relatively mature or fast-growing group of SMEs, especially manufacturing-type enterprises with the right to own imports and exports, which, in terms of industry distribution, are mainly in the manufacturing or commercial trading category.
Bank loans to these two major sectors account for 72.8% of public loans and, as of 22h1, they still account for half of the total. The performance level is lagging, probably because changes in external demand are reflected in the behaviour of the enterprise, and again in the economy, and the impact of exports on the quality of its assets is more limited.
The Ningpo Bank has consistently maintained excellent levels of asset quality, with low rates, concern, and poor net production rates of narrow fluctuations. We therefore judge that exports have less impact on the quality of Ningpo Bank assets.
In terms of reading, it is true that the same rate of growth is largely positive for local exports, and that the valuation trend may be temporarily misaligned when the rate of export growth fluctuates significantly in the short term. This may suggest that exports affect the market’s expectations of the Bank’s operations in Ningbo, and, in conjunction with the analysis of the first two dimensions, we believe that the actual impact is on performance.
Levels of performance are relatively slow and have less impact on asset quality.2 Where does the valuation premium come from?Ningpo Bank values are at the top of the industry.
In the early 21st century, when we joined wto, the city of Ningbo took the lead.
A strong state-owned reform took place, with the majority of state-owned enterprises completing the transformation of their property rights over a period of three years, while the various ownership economies developed rapidly, laying a sound regional market-based economic foundation. Equity structures were balanced, local fiscal intervention was low, and together led to market-based governance mechanisms at Ningpo Bank.
At first, like other urban comptoirs, urban credit unions and associations together held more than 80% of the shares, and then, after several increases and changes in equity, China, the top ten shareholders before listing, had a 23% share, forming a relatively balanced equity governance structure. The pace of the leading market-based economy and the construction of a modern enterprise system.
Local finance has less influence over Ningbo’s decision-making, and Mr. Lu has been elected President of Ningpo Bank in 2000, and this means that Ningpo Bank has been able to establish a career manager mechanism earlier. The equity structure is relatively stable, and the majority has been growing several times.
The East’s structure, the stockholding share, has been stable, and the top three shareholders have never changed. The former two major shareholders, Ningbo City, and the Hong Kong Bank of Singapore, have been fully involved in the three fixed increases since Ningpo Bank was listed.
And on 1 February 2023, when prices were collected, Ningpo Bank executives held a market value of 186 million yuan, leading to a substantial comparison of their counterparts and a deep convergence of personal interests with corporate development, which is an important basis for maintaining efficient corporate governance and increasing performance over many years.
2.2. Precision client orientation versus public: Deep Farming SMEs, with a significant advantage in indebtedness The early entry into the SME market and the creation of a base for public customers.
As of the end of 2006, Ningbo Bank had more than 90% of clients and loan balances from SMEs, and the SME lending market had increased (Ningbo has focused on expanding basic customers in recent years). Ningpo Bank started “Project 211” in 2018, 2019.
On this basis, the “123” client coverage plan was launched, with the central aim of building up the base population. The two strategies were very effective, with a cumulative increase of more than 98% as of the end of 2017, and a cumulative increase of nearly 126% in the number of active and credit-granting clients.
In 2021, Bank Ningbo set up a first-level department of operations (for public clients) to serve client-specific, digital and integrated financial services.
A number of projects, such as gold supervision, have resulted in effective financial deposits, a net increase of 29.2 billion in institutional deposits in the first half of 2022, a restructuring of the structure of public operations by Bank Ningbo, with two lines of management for large- and medium-sized enterprises and small business operations, and the independence of small business from corporate operations in 2008, the establishment of a retail company department, specialized in small and micro business development.
The number of small micro-groups in retail companies rose rapidly from 1,000 in 2017 to nearly 3,000 in 2020, the number of small-scale teams fell by less than 6% in 2021, the number of small-scale businesses on the line and under the line is expected to grow sustainably. In recent years, the interest rate on inclusive micro-credit has increased considerably.
In the first half of 2022, the rate of interest on new, inclusive micro-enterprise loans was again reduced by 35bp to 5.35% for the entire year 2021, increasing competition in the area of inclusiveization and challenging the continued growth of the small operations and profit contributions of Ningpo Bank. In this context, Ningpo Bank set up retail operations in the first half of 2022.
The company's big data department, which is an important vehicle for small-scale operations, has different strategies for off-line operations. Under-line, mainly for low-pricing customers, it works in full compliance with inclusive standards and maintains a market share; online, mainly for high-pricing customers, it uses big data for better progress.
The effectiveness of the business strategy is already evident, only in the first half of 2022, and figure 21: Growth of loans to 22H1 Ningbo Bank Retailers.
Figure 20: Ningbo Bank microdevelopment strategy. In the product system, the "Five Two Treasures" is effective in improving customer stickyness and helping to settle deposits. For public clients, Ningpo Bank is gradually developing a product ecology, represented by the "Five Two Treasures" and covering a multilayered population.
Services cover a number of areas, such as cash management, trade finance, foreign exchange settlement, and this integrated financial service plays a key role in improving customer stickyness, which is reflected in deposit sedimentation.
The client base is solid + sticky + focused on clearing deposit concentrations, and Ningpo Bank has had a significant advantage over public demand liabilities. Since then, Ningpo Bank has recovered its share of public demand deposits in total deposits, but it has remained at a high level of over 30%, ranking fourth in the upper-city comptoirs as of 22h1.
Higher demand versus interest rates on public deposits remain low. In 2014-2016, Bank Ningbo relied on three core product systems: e-banking, investment finance, group finance management, and continued to work on managing public cash, generating large-scale low-cost settlement funds to retain, and contributing to a faster share of public life deposits.
Uplifting, leading to a significant drop in interest rates on public deposits, has remained relatively stable since then. 2.2.2 Retailing: Focusing on upper-end customers, consumer lending, retailing, positioning high-end clients. Ningpo Bank made it clear earlier that middle-high-end individual customers and individuals would be able to pay for high-end customers.
Private owners are the target customers for retail operations. Before listing, these two groups account for about 3.7% of Ningpo Bank's individual customers.
Launched in 2006, it has been introduced at an early age, with a strong branding and bargaining power. The target clients are mainly individual clients in the middle of the industry, upgraded in 2017 to “line-to-white” to allow mobile banking one-stop applications and improved client efficiency.
Figure 27: White-collar product elements of Ningpo Bank
• 2. Full-time university undergraduate studies and above • 2. Up to 500,000, with a maximum period of three years and real-time availability during the period of validity of the letter
Launching of self-help loans with loan repayments. 3. Other eligible enterprises apply online at staff member • 3. Clients receive a minimum of 3 minutes
The early entry into the consumer loan market, which helped Leninbo to harvest high-quality customers and higher market shares, also formed a lending structure dominated by consumer loans. Although Ningbo bank mortgage lending has been on the move since 2020, as of 22h1, consumer loans are on the line.
Domestic consumer credit development remains wide. In recent years, economic growth has slowed, and the epidemic has hit.
Against the backdrop of multiple factors, such as strong financial regulation of Internet consumption, the growth rate of domestic narrow consumer credit (excluding mortgages) has clearly declined. We believe that, in the long term and in the short term, domestic consumption lending has increased in a much larger space:
1. Short-term perspective: Optimization of the epidemic in November 2022, Central Economic Workshop in December 2022, expressing determination and confidence in economic growth and putting the promotion of consumption high on the table. In the same month, the annual recovery in consumption by the Silver Reserve Party created a favourable environment, and the marked increase in savings by residents in 2022 may mean that
Once demand is effectively stimulated, or is more flexible. 2 Long-term perspective: the penetration rate of domestic consumer loans is still low compared to overseas. We define the penetration rate as a narrow consumer credit balance compared to the total amount of social retail consumer goods.
While the country has gone up fast in recent years, it still stands at less than 40%, and although there are differences in consumption habits between the two countries, there is still enough room for long-term growth in domestic consumer loans. So, we believe that Ningbo, with a solid customer base and brand influence, has a long-term deep-deep consumer loans.
Banks are expected to benefit fully from the recovery in demand for short-term consumer loans and the space for long-term growth.
In December 2021, the Ning Bo Bank acquired 70% of the Chinese cut-off and took the consumer finance license to extend retail operations throughout the country.
In July 2022, a further 6.7% increase in the share of the Chinese cut-off (renamed “Silver cut-off” in August) highlighted the ambition of consumer lending development. 2.3 The wealth transition is in the harvest period.
In 2014, Ningpo Bank officially introduced a “big retail” strategy, reflecting a forward-looking approach in the city’s comptoirs, through crowd-building and business deposition, and in 2018 proposed that wealth management be the focus of retail transformation. The transformation effect was gradually released:
The structure is largely twofold. One is the rising share of private aum, with banks aum accounting for nearly a quarter of retail aum as of 22h1 Ningbo, up by 11 pccs from the end of 2018, indicating that the location and accumulation of mid- and high-end customers in retail operations did indeed bring aum structural advantages. Two are wrong.
The high proportion of deposits, particularly non-monetary public funds with a higher gold content, and the fact that sales holdings are ranked first in the city’s comptoirs, is a reflection of the capacity of the pipelines.2 The overall rate of increase in the median rate has remained high. In 2019-2021, the compound rate of increase in Ningpo Bank was as follows:
Negative growth, but we believe that this industry-specific short-term volatility will not be a real obstacle to the transformation of banks, but rather will lead to a more mature transition.
Using “risk-weighted assets (rwa)/total assets” as an indication of the effectiveness of light capital operations, it can be seen that the Ningpo Bank indicator has continued to decline since 2019, to some extent indicating that wealth management strategies do play an important role in facilitating the transformation of light banks.
Behind the remarkable success of the wealth transformation is the clear strategic planning and strategy of Ningpo Bank. Following the introduction in 2018 of wealth management as a focus of retail transformation, emphasis was placed on restructuring the organizational structure and staffing in 2019, upgrading the guest model in 2020, and investing in expanding the supply of products, raising the product line layout to a more important position in 2021.
In general, the wealth management layout of the “Inner Building - Channels - Asset Allocation” is now in the full wealth management marketing phase, with executive directors, management, finance staff, etc. in Ningbo.
The target group for the marketing of bank wealth management.
There is still a lot of room for improvement, and we have chosen to use the pool as a sign, with a ratio of about 30 per cent to total assets as of 22h1, while Ningpo Bank is less than 18 per cent, and Ningpo Bank's main operating agency is located in Zhejiang, where credit accumulation is good, and asset acquisition is a natural advantage, and we believe that Ningpo Bank's financial regulation is a natural advantage.
On the other hand, the private aum ratio can still rise further. Ningpo Bank’s private aum share in retail aum has continued to rise in recent years, but there is still room for upwards compared to recruitment and Nanjing Bank, assuming 30%.
The threshold (as we observe that recruitment and the Nanjing Bank are largely stable at around 30%), Ningpo Bank has about 6 pct to upgrade. We believe that the rise in the share of private sector aum is positive for promoting the ability to invest in bank wealth management, product line layout, etc.
2.4 Quality of assets through the cycle The quality of assets has been proven to be excellent for a long time. Reviewing the past decade, Ningpo Bank ' s non-performing lending rate has continued to be steady and positive, even after 2012, Ningbo was exposed to more serious security and financial chain risks in Zhejiang Province.
Bank failure indicators are significantly weaker than the overall level of financial institutions in Zhejiang province, and the current rate of bad forward-looking indicators is the best on the market. Ningpo Bank has a prominent “low, high-preparation” feature, cutting down to 22q3, with a poor loan rate of 0.77%, the best on the list, and since 2018, it has provided coverage.
Behind the long-term asset-quality excellence is a mature culture of risk. First, led by Chairman Lu Xiaoyu, Ningpo Bank adheres to the notion that “risk control is cost reduction”; and second, Ningbo Bank has many directors.
(c) Third, in the risk management system, Ningpo Bank insists on continuous improvement of industry research and industry chain research, based on a unified letter of credit policy and independent letter approval, in order to better respond to economic cycles and industrial restructuring.
Looking ahead, Ningpo Bank’s asset quality is expected to continue to be excellent. First, business units are located in economically developed regions, and the quality of assets remains well guaranteed during credit splitting; and second, since 2019, throughout the year of its own forward-looking presentation, while the negative net rate of production continues to decline, which means that the negative rate of future failure is expected to continue to be explored;
The third is that Ningpo Bank has a relatively low share of public real estate loans and is relatively less affected by this round of real-estate restructuring. 3 high-rise roe is still a long-term leader among colleagues, backed by excellent performance.
The Ningpo Bank rose to the top three comptoirs and showed better stability, with 14.6 per cent annualized as of 22q3, supported by strong performance and 5 pct, 7 pct, and long-term leading by the Ningpo Bank ' s 2013-2021 compound profit growth rate.
We believe that future Ningpo Bank performance is still expected to grow strongly, and that Goroe is expected to continue, mainly from four-dimensional holding of two licence plates, with a high potential for expansive expansion. Given the growing credit division and the resilience of Zhejiang’s economy, we believe that Ningpo Bank’s lending is expected to continue its high profile, while its credit contribution in the provinces is increasing.
Since 2020, there has been a small increase in lending outside Zhejiang province by Bank Ningpo, particularly in Jiang, where the market is currently low for the different branches of Bank Ningbo, and we estimate that the market is still less than 2% in the three provinces of Jiangsu (No Si, Su, Nanjing).
In other regions, there is no change, and based on static data at the end of 2021, Ningpo Bank will invest an additional $114.3 billion in credit, equivalent to 34.7% of the total loans at the end of 2021.
Created by the Bank of Ningpo, the first bank in Zhejiang province is a financial leasing company, with a client orientation similar to that of a parent, with a focus on expanding the three main areas of microleasing, smart manufacturing and utilities, with no limits on the area in which they operate, with a growth rate comparable to that of their counterparts, with a significant increase of more than 40 per cent in the balance of leasing operations in 2021.
In March of 2022, the Bank of Ningbo issued an announcement giving the money off 8 billion yuan, $5 billion in non-contributions, for the growth of the money-cutting business.
Along with the “return” of silver and silver, we look at its development prospects. 3.2 Net interest differentials, with a relatively small narrow pressure, are evident in the first half of 2022, where the discounts have increased significantly or are an important personalizing cause.
As of 22h1, the Ningpo Bank net difference was 25bp lower than the whole year 2021, and although the industry net difference was generally narrow, as a result of the slowdown in economic growth and the repeated downwards of lpr, the Ningpo Bank net difference was significantly higher, and we believe that one of the important reasons for the sharp increase in the discounting of instruments was the sharper.
In general, the discounting of instruments has increased significantly, usually as a result of insufficient demand for effective credit and a bank credit charge. But from 2022, the regional financial mechanism has been able to use the financial mechanism.
In the context of the growth rate of structured lending, Ningbo performed better than Nanjing and Hangzhou, 22h1 Bo bank notes were discounted at a significantly higher rate than comparable counterparts, and could be understood as a strategic credit line reserve, especially in the context of the 2023 economic recovery, which is expected to translate into longer term and more profitable reserves.
As of 22h1, the share of bank mortgages in total loans was only 4.5%, well below comparable counterparts, which means 2023 is the year of Ninbo.
The impact of mortgage-based repricing on Bo banks is likely to be lower than that of comparable counterparts, and the pressure on net interest differentials will be lower. 3.3 Incentives or better fixes. Under the low base effect, the harvest will be better repaired in mid-2023.
The ratio of income from agents and trustees, which are highly linked to capital markets and wealth operations, has stabilized at 80%. Thanks to the deeper decline in equity asset prices of 22q1 and 22q3, Ningpo bank agents and trustees have performed poorly. As of 22q3, the rate of growth in the same year has been reduced to a negative rate, and 22q4 despite the equity market.
Looking ahead, in 2023, the Ningbo Bank will show promising performance. One is that the Ningpo Bank’s wealth-opening platform currently sells fund products involving nearly 80 managers, with a strong policy-backed recovery in 2023.
With the recovery in equity asset prices and the prospect of full returns from Ningpo Bank as a channel, the second is that Ningpo Bank, which sits on the roof of both the money management and the win-win fund, is dominated by solid products, and that, after the impact of the strong volatility of the 22q4 debt market, we expect a more stable growth in the size of the products of the two institutions in 2023, with a preference for risk.
For the lower investors, it was expected that the funds that had been put back into the savings would flow back into the solid product market. 3.4 Credit costs are expected to remain low, negative net yields are expected to drop, and credit costs are expected to remain low.
It has been calculated that Ningpo Bank has shown a downward trend in its negative net rate in recent years and that, taking into account regional economic developments, the increase in negative write-offs by Ningpo Bank in recent years, and the low level of housing-related assets, even during the weak recovery phase of export pressure, Ningpo Bank ' s new poorness is expected to remain at a better level and the negative net rate is expected to slow down.
Continue. Ningpo Bank now provides more than 500 per cent coverage, so that the impairment is ready to be added to the stable asset quality, credit costs are expected to remain low and profit growth is expected to remain good. 4 Profit forecasts and investment proposals are proposed.
4.1 Profit projection assumptions are split with operations 2 net interest differentials: asset end, asset end, cash discount or capital reserve elasticity in 2022 of significantly overstretched instruments with low share of mortgage loans and low pressure on heavy pricing; end of liability, public demand deposits
3. Non-interest operating income: middle-income or better repair with low base effect; monetary environment presumably maintained 4 , quality of assets: combined consideration of good regional economic development, increased negative write-offs in recent years, and related to the fact that, in our view, Ningpo Bank values premiums are derived mainly from four dimensions: market mechanisms, customer targeting, wealth transfer
There is still room for deepening these advantages as well as risk management. 23 years of high-roe is still available, mainly from strong performance support: spatial expansion, low net differential pressure, middle-income repair and credit costs or low. 22-fold 22 years pb is expected to maintain a “recommended” rating.
This report contains more measurement, based on data calibre, subjective judgement, etc.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of this report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in this report.
Civil Security Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the Corporation”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.