The performance trap is expected to emerge, with large clients leading multiple ai product line dividends to release computer/software development to a $106 million reduction in the return on fair value change on a year-on-year basis.
The recovery is strongly supported by a 24-year focus on organizational architecture and personnel optimization, a 52-week peak/minimum price ratio, a change in model and a release of product-earning capacity, with companies expected to be at a performance bump in 24 years.
In 2023, the company released its first large business service model, yongpt, and further published a more robust version of bip3-r2, with continued expansion of product lines and product functions. The smart product “brainbrainbrain” interacted to optimize and upgrade the bip.
Questions and answers, chambi reports, approval process views, etc., for smart scene development applications; `intelligent search' product enhancement rights control, label management and knowledge filtering, and business wordbank performance. The company builds a bit of intellectual base and steadily promotes the commercialization of the ai product line.
36.100 million yuan, with core product renewal rates as high as 92.9 per cent, achieved 108 model delivery users for bip3, and several intelligence projects based on bip in finance, manpower, procurement, etc. were successfully launched in China, such as food, tri-gorge and tri-gorge energy.
The Globalisation 2.0 strategy was fully launched, with a multi-digit intellectual advantage to build a global market system. The company launched the Globalizing 2.0 strategy, which began to expand markets in Europe, North America, the Middle East and Japan while continuing to consolidate business markets in Hong Kong and the South-East Asia region.
To build a global business network that is intellectual, global, open, and secure. Industry is comparable to companies such as Golden Fluttershy International, Helium Electronics, Broadband as a network of friends.
The decline in software operations has gradually narrowed, the demand for cloud services has expanded, and the demand for large customers has been warming, sub-covering has been given a “better than the market” rating.
Friends Network was established in 1988 and is based in Beijing, China. The company focuses on providing businesses with information-based solutions such as management software, erp software, cloud services, etc., to serve enterprises and institutions in China and the Asia-Pacific region.
Small-scale enterprise management software, finance and administrative unit management software, auto industry management software, tobacco industry management software, internal audit software and services. Companies are located in enterprises and governments, community groups, and information technology applications and service providers, and are committed to promoting business and society through information technology.
It will progress to become a long-term partner in client trust and corporate governance as a world-class management software and service provider: corporate equity structure stable, core management team professional, corporate equity stable, core team holding a larger share.
He held 39,224% of the company’s shares through entities such as Beijing Friends in Technology Ltd., Shanghai Friends in Technology Consulting Ltd., and Beijing Friends in Business Management Institute.
President Wang Wenjing is a director of a number of technology and information technology companies and has a great deal of experience in managing their businesses. Vice-President Kwok Jinping, Senior Accountant, Business and Industry Manager, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
He is a director of a number of companies. The executives of the company are technical managers, have insight and knowledge in the area of management software and services, have a strong experience in financial management and public administration, and are able to make effective decisions for the future development of the company.
Main business: Focus on enterprise service software, the market for the Xiantao platform service products Main business of the company is concentrated in the area of enterprise management software and corporate cloud services, serving as China ' s leading provider of business management software, providing management software products such as erp, crm, hhm, etc. on a friend network to help enterprises achieve information management
At the same time, the cloud service industry is actively expanding, with the launch of the friendly bip business innovation platform and the nccloud cloud product, supporting the intellectual transformation of business and business innovation. In addition, the friends’ network provides customized solutions for specific industries, as well as government and public organization services, committed to serving the country’s governance system and its capacity to modernize.
The firm seeks to build a global business network that is intelligent, global, open, and secure. In 2023, its share of business income came from technical services and training operations, 33.78 per cent from software products and 95.25 per cent from core competing software products.
Short-term performance pressure, income growth trends are evident, business income is returning at a moderate rate, with performance at or about to turn back. Business income was realized in 2023 at $9,796 million, an increase of $56 million over the same period, mainly influenced by a decrease of $106 million in earnings from fair value changes.
In recent years, the company has undergone a change in its cloud services business, with a sustained increase in the cost of services investment in 2020-2023, but a slowdown in performance due to the low demand from downstream clients; and a gradual impact of changes in the corporate business organization model, resulting in lower than expected growth in the business income of large-scale firms, long project implementation cycles and revenue collection
The firm’s focus on R & D, its investment, and the increase in the number of people and per capita remuneration further compressed the profit margin, causing significant fluctuations in its performance. But, in the second half of the year, it was seen that the company was gradually passing through the period of the impact of the organizational model upgrading and transformation, and was in decline.
The decline in the Māori rate has slowed and the cost of control has initially been effective. As a result of the organizational model upgrade, corporate sales costs in 2023 have reduced the number of employees at the end of 2401 by 1793 compared to the end of 23 years, with changes in the organizational model and a product gain.
The operating cash flow is expected to improve, with a slower rate of growth in receivables and inventory turnover. The company ' s present value of sales continued its downward trend in 23 years, but the net profit cash content increased slightly from the previous year. The company ' s inventory turnover and the number of days receivable continued to grow over 23 years, but overall growth was lower and slower and liquidity efficiency remained stable.
Profit projections: Business size is expected to increase steadily and profitability is expected to increase continuously 1) Software operations: use of friends networks to provide comprehensive, customized enterprise management software solutions tailored to the characteristics and needs of large, medium and small clients in different industries, including erp (enterprise resource planning), crm (customer relationship management),
Scm (supply chain management), hrm (human resource management) etc., to help enterprises to automate, inform and integrate business processes. Companies continue to contract software operations, and use their efforts to develop the first corporate uniforms, the yongpt model, to create smart business service software.
The impact has been gradually reduced, and we expect revenue growth in software operations to be 113.67 per cent/113 per year for 2024-2026, respectively. 2) Cloud services: the company has developed a uap private cloud platform based on cloud computing technology to support the enterprise in building a private cloud environment that allows for flexible expansion and efficient management of resources.
In the second half of 23 years, the full system’s product lines have released profit-making capacity, and 23 years of cloud services arr $2.35 billion (+15.0%) and are expected to be released in the future.
3) Other business: In addition to business service software, cloud services, companies are involved in business Internet, finance, consulting and training, big data and business intelligence-related business, multi-business multi-models assist in the digital transformation of enterprises, continue to be strong with digitization, and the revenue situation of these operations will remain stable, and companies will continue to be nuclear.
4) Māori ratio: due to the reduced adverse impact of business organizational model changes on revenue collection, the warmth of large client demand, the company developed a large model of pro-ai-backed business services, continuously optimized the product matrix, demonstrating a greater profitability in the second half of 23 and in q1 in 24 years. The cloud services market is gradually stabilizing, and cloud platforms are the product line.
After many strategic organizational changes, with reasonable cost control, the public-sector cost rate is: the company owns the software and cloud services business, and therefore the management and R & D costs are higher. In recent years, the company has upgraded its organizational model to a certain degree to raise costs.
In 2022, companies announced equity incentives, and management costs are expected to decrease as costs are amortized. At the same time, the market share of the company’s main business is at the same time.
In the future, profit dividends will continue to be released, effective tariff controls will be added, and the cost rates for the period are expected to be controlled.  Sales cost rates: according to the company ' s annual report, the number of sales personnel in 21/22/23 was 3325/4667/4292, respectively. As the company returns gradually, the cost of sales will remain essentially stable, with large, medium and small customers.
Control, with 22 years of high management costs mainly attributable to the payment of equity incentives. In the future, companies will further optimize the R & D rate: because the income from the company’s main business is at a critical stage in the firm’s loss to profit ... cloud services, software functions require sustained R & D inputs and upgrading to maintain high industry competitiveness.
With stable household markets, it is expected to be controlled and downgraded as revenue continues to rise, with a projected R&D cost rate of 24/25/26 years The company focuses on business management software and cloud services, providing clients with a comprehensive range of innovative global products and services, and we select License and the cloudy properties of the software business, the Golden Flute International, the Helium Electronics, and the Wide United Nations.
Permanent Electronics: The company is currently the leading financial science and technology producer in the country, with its clients focusing mainly on the financial sector, and currently its products and services include financial software services, financial information services, financialit solutions services, and the provision of financial transaction platforms. 1) The company ' s operations involve the provision of specialized applications to various subjects.
(b) In recent years, companies have continued to work on cloud services, building a light cloud platform, creating a financial distribution database, developing large model technology applications, and building the financial industry’s ecology.
Golden Fluttershy International: Globally renowned corporate management of Yunsaas, with its main business features of license and cloudization, is prominent. 1) Business management of cloud services: providing cloud-based enterprise resource management (erp) services to help businesses to make digital transformations.
(c) Management of cloud services. 3) Business digital solutions: comprehensive digital solutions for businesses, including finance, taxation, manpower, office synergies, marketing, supply chain, procurement, manufacturing.
1) Under the traditional license, the critical period of income “clouds” in Hiroshima has advanced the cloud transformation in several regions, involving valuing, numeracy and engineering information, and Hiroshima as a comparable user network, compared to the average ps in 2024 according to wind.
3.81 times. Given the gradual contraction of the company ' s traditional software business, and the expanding demand for cloud services, we use a relative valuation method to derive from the ps valuation that a reasonable valuation of the company is in the range of dollars, but that valuation is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the calculation of free cash flows and the estimation of comparable companies over the next few years.
The selection of value parameters incorporates many individual judgements, which in turn lead to the risk of a deviation in the valuation, specifically: the risk of optimistic valuations being based on high cash flow calculations. We assume that the industry in the company will develop smoothly over the next 1 to 3 years, but it may actually be due to the pace of development of cloud services.
Policies support volatility or adverse change, and companies’ continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvalued risk. In relative valuation, we have chosen Golden Fluttershys International, the same or the same kind of business as the company’s business, Helium Electronics, and Wide Alteration.
The valuation indicators were compared, using comparable companies 2024e-2026eps as a reference for relative valuations, taking into account the short-term adverse effect of a company moving away from the upgrading of its organizational model as opposed to financial indicators, continuing to scale up research and development under the existing system product matrix, optimizing the new product, and continuing expansion based on cloud service demand for public access.
Our Māori projections for the company over the next three years may also have the risk of underestimating the company’s costs and overestimating it, leading to a higher than actual forecast of the company’s profits over the next three years. Cloud services are the company’s core profitable business, accounting for 72.39% of the company’s revenue in 2023.
The risks of increased competition in the industry: companies are leading firms in the country in software and cloud services, leading industrial technological change. Since its inception, firms have focused on the area of business services and cloud services, adhering to basic technological research, continuing technological innovation, leading industrial technological change with autonomous innovation, and improving the efficiency of the company's operations with good management experience.
Companies focus on their own intellectual property software products, based on autonomously controlled basic technology platforms that provide comprehensive and innovative customized business products and services to large, medium, and small company clients. As the software and cloud services industry evolves, markets may become saturated, and new entrants may become new competitors.
Risks in R & D and market diffusion of new products: the company developed yongpt in 2023, further published a stronger series of bip3-r2 products and continued expansion of the market, the firm's industry's experience in technology and management was extremely demanding, the pace of technological upgrading in the industry was high, and companies needed continuous technological innovation to sustain competition.
Competing, or otherwise being overtaken by major technological breakthroughs by existing competitors. As globalization progresses, firms may also face international market competitors, international competitors may have higher levels of science and technology, export and domestic commercialization may face intense competition, low or unexpected risks of low commercial value, which cannot be met.
Client loyalty is long-term and partners are widely developed. Corporate cloud business now accounts for a significant share of total revenue, and continued exposure to organizational upgrading in the first half of 23 years has hampered the signing rate to some extent after the impact period has ended.
The Division needs to consider how to open a wider market to connect a wider range of business client groups to ensure corporate revenue gain. Traditional software business does not advance as much as expected: companies have a strong R & D base in the area of software services and cloud services, and if traditional software services are followed up by policy or beat, at a slower pace than expected, corporate performance or exposure
Domestic policy will be more inclined towards cloud ecology, but there is now much room for development in cloud services and platform development, technological breakthroughs, and there is still a gap between some core technologies and international sophistication, especially in the field of i-mode pop. Demand for traditional software services in the domestic market is growing relatively slowly, with markets trending.
Saturation may affect companies’ real profitability. Corporate income growth carries the risk of spending being tightened, thereby affecting the growth of corporate performance, if the organization’s model is optimized to continue to affect the company’s business, leading to pressure on corporate income growth that cannot be reversed.
Risks from offshore operations: The company is fully expanding its overseas market strategy and is facing regulatory requirements under national laws and taxes.
Management experience and capacity will make it more difficult to coordinate corporate management and create business management risks for companies, but there is a risk of bad debts arising from the difficulty of recovering receivables if the macroeconomic situation and the prospects for industrial development are significantly unfavourable or the business situation of individual clients is difficult.
Inventory downprice risk: The company ' s inventory carrying value of $553 million is not high as a proportion of its current total assets, but future changes in the market environment or increased competition, resulting in, inter alia, the delayed sale of products and stock backlogs, will result in an increased loss of value down on the company ' s inventory, with adverse effects on the company ' s profitability.
Cloud service technology has difficulty in achieving core breakthrough risks: cloud services need to process big data and requests, and performance optimization is a continuing challenge. How to improve computing efficiency, reduce delays, and optimize resource allocation are important aspects of achieving core breakthroughs. Cloud services need to be flexible enough to expand to meet the needs of users of different sizes. Design can be seamlessly designed.
Extended architecture to adapt to changing market demands is another key point in achieving a core breakthrough, and companies have greater room for technological upgrading. Key technology brain drain or lack of risk: the development and management of critical skills are the main competitive edges of companies
There will be increasing competition for skilled people in the industry. If companies do not provide effective incentives in the future in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc., they will not be attractive to skilled people and may result in the loss of existing core skilled personnel, which will have a significant negative impact on the company’s productive operations.
Core technology risk: After years of accumulation, companies have built up a range of core technologies that are core competitiveness and core secrets. If future critical technicians are lost or relevant technologies, data, drawings, classified information are leaked, and the core technology will be leaked,
Cloud services operate on a global scale, subject to the laws and regulations of different countries and regions.
The legal environment, ensuring compliance, is also part of the core breakthrough. The government’s policy of encouraging cloud services has also led to competition in the industry, and in the future, due to trade frictions and possible changes in China’s export tax refund policy, there is a risk that people will actually be under control. The company’s actual controller holds 39.22% of the company’s equity, placing a heavy burden on the company.
There is a substantial impact on large-scale business decision-making. If the actual controlling person takes advantage of his or her position of control and exercises control over the company’s overall business decisions and investment plans, equity allocation policies and personnel appointments, etc., by exercising voting rights or otherwise, it may have a negative impact on other shareholders’ interests.
Legal risk: As the awareness of data security and privacy protection increases, companies need to ensure that their products and services conform to relevant laws and regulations, avoid legal sanctions for data disclosure, etc., or lose customer trust. As the volume of data increases and cyberattacks evolves, ensuring the safety of cloud services remains a major challenge.
Issuance of more advanced and reliable security mechanisms to protect user data and privacy is key to achieving a core breakthrough. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.