We've been looking at companies, and we've been talking to executives about corporate business and development strategies.
\triangleright 1 billion square meters, converted capacity of about 35gw. At present, companies and mainstream global components are well established.
The partnership has also been developed in 2016 by major overseas customers like Firstsolar in the United States and Sharp in Japan, and the share of domestic large clients in procurement has continued to rise. In recent years, the battery assembly sector has undergone card-shocking, consolidation, increased industry concentration, and corporate brand advantages have been highlighted.
Product sales are closely related to the industry’s climate, with the volume of photo-voltaic film produced in the first three quarters of 2017 alone amounted to 423 million square metres. We believe that with the improvement in the disposal of light-limited power, the efficiency of conversion, and the declining cost, it is expected that the Internet access at photovoltaic parities will be advanced and industry will be well advanced, and companies will benefit significantly from it.
\triangleright \triangleright
eva resins are the main raw material of the eva membrane, at a cost of about 80 per cent, and the unit price of the eva resins rose by 5.80 per cent and 9.62 per cent, respectively, in the first and second quarters of the year. In the third quarter, the unit price of the company eva resins declined by 5.58 per cent and the ring by 9.13 per cent, respectively.
In 2017, the unit price of the company ' s film was significantly lower than in 2016, with average sales of the film falling by 12 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, to $6.68 per square metre (excluding taxes). However, in the third quarter, the average market price of the film returned steadily to $6.74 per square metre (excluding taxes).
The company is promoting high-value-added white-eva, po-film, etc. We believe that white-eva and po-film sales account for s01051308003 as the technology for efficient components matures in the future and the demand for component power continues to rise.
This is higher than expected, and will improve the company’s average unit price and the Māori rate for the future of the film. New materials in the non-PV industry, creating new growth points for profits.
In the area of membrane, the sale of new materials in the future will create a new profitable growth point for the company. According to the company’s public s.01051708002, the new materials project has entered a small sales or sampling phase in the first half of 2017: (1) a photo-drymography product per product.
Small monthly sales, with new plants and new production lines currently being built in an orderly manner; (2) aluminium plastic membrane has been sent to downstream customers since March, partial testing indicators have received good feedback, and companies will continue to improve and upgrade production lines and processes; and (3) fccl will be addressed through pre-exploration exploration of formulations, processes and equipment.
Some of the problems in the trial phase have started to be tested on the client; (4) organic silicone wrapping materials have helped to improve the performance of raw materials and to start sending samples to high-end customers in the country. In addition, companies have developed high-quality silicone structure glue products for photovolve wrapping.
The volume of light-voltage additions is below expectations; prices of raw materials have increased significantly; prices of products have fallen; new materials projects have not advanced as expected.
Master ' s degree in finance at the University of Kwangtan, member of the new wealth team in 2012, head of the research team on electricity equipment and new energy industries, in 2011. Master ' s degree from the University of Wubei, formerly employed at the First Institute of Finance and Economic Studies, focused on research in the field of energy, and joined the civil securities portfolio in 2015. Authors have a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,