The prices of the products are stable, the elastic taps are back on their way, and Forster is an international eva vinyl tap, the company's main business covers a variety of eva vinyl products, photovoltaic backboards, etc., and the new material business will generate revenue.
The company is a global company, with a market share of more than 50%, with 454 million m3 of film production in 2016 and is continuing to expand.
In the case of major shareholders (2017 q3), there is no clear distinction between film products in the form of fabrics, so the photovoltaic film will continue to benefit fully from the high rate of productivity growth in the industry. According to the National Energy Agency, the country was added in January-September 2017.
The photovoltage capacity reached 43gw, of which the ground power station was 27.7gw, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year; the spectrovoltage 15.3gw, an increase of about four times the same year. In January-September 2017, the company sold 423 million square metres of photovoltaic film and 264.977 million square metres of photovoltted backboards, compared to the year 2016.
The sale of 467 million square metres of photovoltaic film and 1976.86 million square metres of photovoltaic backboards is increasing at a significant rate.eva Māori penetration of the membrane has regressed and the trend towards national production of raw materials has now been affected by the fall of the photovoltaic subsidy, and the price of components has generally been lower since last year, leading to higher prices.
In the last six months, stocks compared to the depth of 300 silicon chips and ancillary materials have also shown a downward trend in upstream products. The company ' s photo-voltaic film product was sold at an average price of $7.61 per square metre in the first quarter of 2016, while the average price was only in the second quarter of q2 in 2017.
For $6.65 per square metre, the price per square metre is close to $1 per square metre, and the average price of the photovoltile backboard also fell from $16.53 per square metre in the first quarter of 2016 to $13.61 per square metre in the third quarter of q3.
There is an increase of $0.09 per square metre. Although there will still be price reduction space for components in the future as the subsidy retreats, we believe that the price reduction space for the elastic film is decreasing as a relatively low-cost supplement to the component.
About 70% of the cost, most of which had previously been imported from abroad, the purchase unit price had risen to $11.17/kg in the quarter of 2017 q2, but prices were now rewinding gradually and the cost of raw materials was expected to decrease further as the rate of national production rose.
The company’s low Māori rate is now at an approximate rate, and the pace of net profit restoration has been taken.In addition, the company’s output compares to the mid-2017 data (16.47% and 15.59%) for two other leading companies in the industry, Svek (Orientian Day Rise) and Hai Yu Yuen.
The company’s success in producing new value-added products, such as white eva, is another guarantee of the company’s Māori rate. The new material business is going well, and the non-PV area is looking forward to it.
The company’s active deployment of new material areas will reduce the risk of policy influence in the photovoltaic sector. Research is under way in the areas of silicon membrane, fccl, aluminium plastic film, organic silicon encapsulation material, where stimulant products have generated sales revenue and will be released when new production becomes available.
Volume: fccl fcl softboard, aluminium plastic film, and organic silicon encapsulation materials are all in the sample sequence. It is expected that, as production capacity is built up and sample certification completed, future new material fields will gradually generate sales revenues and profits and become new growth points in the company’s performance.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.