Science and technology are the main products of integrated circuit designers, including memory interfaces, chips, Ximang server cpu, and mixed safe memory modules.
Data centres, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. Market demand for storage is increasing, and the size of the memory interface chip market is growing steadily.
The spread of new and emerging technologies such as big data and the steady increase in server demand: 2) The increasing load capacity for server data storage and processing and the consequent increase in the number of configured memory in the server; 3) The continuous development of ddr memory technology, making the market right
The technology for memory interface chips is much higher. So the market for memory interface chips will grow steadily over the next few years.
The rate rises from year to year. The memory interface chip field has a high technical threshold, and the corporate-invented ddr4 full buffer "1+9" architecture has been adopted as an international standard. The company is currently one of the three leading global ddr4 interface chip producers, with global memory.
Over the years, companies have been working with intel, Qinghua University, and well-known servers in the country to further develop their server platform products and implement chip-level security controls.
Two methods are used to calculate the company’s reasonable valuation level separately. Given the higher investment threshold than a share, institutional investors have a higher voice than a share.
At the same time, the chip industry has a relatively thin mix of corporate products, new business server products that have not yet been certified on a large scale, owing to high uncertainty in the R & D, etc.
There's some uncertainty. When considering these factors, we carefully value companies using the averages of the pe and dcf valuation methods, i.e., the company's incendiary technology is one of the integrated circuit designers, and the main business is to provide a core in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
The main products currently include memory interface chips, Xin Quick server cpu, and a mixed whole memory module, which is used in data centres, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. The company’s predecessor was set up in 2004 with sole funding from the Montagegroup, based in Shanghai, which was listed in Nasdak, and is currently in Kunshan.
There are branches in Macao, Silicon Valley, USA, and Seoul, Korea.
The company is one of the three leading producers of the global ddr4 memory interface chip, with an annual increase in city occupancy. The company is now one of the major global providers of a global full buffer/semi-buffer solution from ddr2 to ddr4. The company’s total ddr4 buffer “1+9” architecture has been adopted as an international standard, and the products have successfully entered international ownership.
The field of memory, servers, and cloud computing is one of three companies (the other two are idt and Rambus) that can provide such chips globally. With technological leadership, product reliability and service quality stability, the market share of corporate memory interface chips has been rising year by year, reaching over 40 per cent in 2018.
Figure 3ddr4 related products 1 sent clock drive chip (rcd) 9 data buffer chip (db)
The memory interface chip is the core logical device of the server memory module, which serves as the gateway for server cpu access to memory data. Its primary function is to increase the speed and stability of RAM access to the server ' s cpu-to-the server.
The memory interface chip industry has high barriers, with only three major players around the world. The memory interface chip needs to be matched with a variety of memory particles and memory modules produced by the memory manufacturer and used through the server cpu, memory and oem.
The core technology and server ecology together constitute high barriers to the industry. The memory module’s demand for growth contributes to the steady growth of the memory interface chip market.
On the field, clients, mainly manufacturers of memory modules represented by tristar electrons, Hercules and Light Technology, demand was larger and increased faster, with global storage sales reaching $124 billion in 2017, an increase of 61.5 per cent, with dram sales reaching $72 billion, an increase of 76.8 per cent over 2016.
In anticipation of and trends in memory technology and servers, the market size of the memory interface chip is expected to remain relatively fast in the future.
According to the China idc Industrial Development Study 2018-2019, the global market for idc (including hosting, cdn and C$CUIAA/paas) in 2018 was 625.3 billion yuan in size, an increase of 23.6% over the same period; and the Chinese idc industry.
The total size of the market amounts to $122.8 billion, an increase of 29.8 per cent over the same period, cloud computing, 5g, ai, etc., drives server demand. Government informatization, industry Internet+, digital transformation, and changes in data volume and data structure in the age of big data, artificial intelligence, accelerating changes in traditional IT architecture.
In addition, the development of artificial intelligence technology will generate huge arithmetical demand, which will become a new growth point in the server market. Moreover, with the growth of big data, the demand for computing is increasing, and server data storage and processing are negative.
With increasing capacity, the number of configured memory in the server has grown. As a result, the market for memory interface chips has grown faster than the market for servers. 3. Union Intel and Qinghua University, layout server area
Since 2016, the company has worked with Intel and Qinghua University to develop a series of cpu-based servers. On this product, the Cpu-based platform, which is based on the capture of cpu and the company's mixed security memory module, has achieved chip-level real-time security monitoring and monitoring functions that provide a more secure and reliable computing platform for cloud computing data centres.
The kernel chip is supplied by Intel, the algorithm for re-engineering the calculator (rcp) is provided by Qinghua University, the company completes the whole module and other parts of the chip design, and commissions third parties to manufacture, encapsulate and test the chip. The company’s main client is the international flagship of the dram market, including Fuchang Electronics, Hercules, and Hetaan Half-conduct.
In 2018, 90.1% of the top five clients of the Department and the concentration of customers were sold, which is related to the characteristics of the downstream industry. Billions of dollars, with a net profit of $737 million. Companies ' revenues by product, 1,749 million won, or 99.49%, of the RAM chip.
Memory interface chip  capture server platform iii, equity structure and financing history
The company’s first shareholder is China Power Investment, holding 15.9% of the shares. One of the company’s founders, its chairman, Yang Chong, and Dr. Dr. Jang, served in companies such as the American National Semiconductor Corporation, and in 1997 worked with colleagues to create the Silicon Valley Model integrated circuit design company, New Oscillation Technology. Jang and Dr. Yang were elected in 2010.
Mr. Stephenkuong-iotai, one of the company’s founders and general manager, was involved in the creation of the marvell Science and Technology Group and was the director of engineering research and development for the company, with more than 25 years of semiconductor architecture, design, and engineering management experience.
Figure 9 Corporate equity structure, which introduced new shareholders, Intel and Samsung, in 2018, to strengthen the ecological status of the industry.
With 11,298,150 new shares in total post-investment positions and influence at a cost of US$1.45 million, this replenishment brings in two important shareholders to strengthen the company’s industry’s ecological status. The company has applied to be listed on the project board for $2.3 billion to be raised, mainly for a new generation of memory interface chips,
The main industries are server cpu and platform technology upgrades, artificial intelligence chips, etc.
1. Assumptions and profit projections 1) maintain a high global view in the field of server and cloud computing over the next few years, the company ' s share of the market over the next few years 2)) and as a result of the layout of the past few years, the capture server platform will gradually reach its harvest period.
4. Other company revenues and other influences, such as profits, tax rates, remain stable; we first calculate the company’s reasonable valuation levels by relative valuation and absolute valuation, respectively. For label companies: the memory interface chip research and development industry is technology-driven and the industry initially attracted a large amount
The industry's main producers entered, with more than 10 industry participants in the ddr2 phase. By the ddr3 stage, the industry's main players decreased significantly.
On the whole, the technology and idt have a relatively close share of the chip market and a relatively small share of the rambus.idt is a public solution that provides a combination signal semiconductor for the telecommunications, computer and consumer industries.
dddr3 and ddr4lrdim storage interface solutions, serialrapidio, pci extress & network bridges, signal integrity products and power management solutions.
Equipment and monitors, and products in the field of virtual mobile media, serve. In 2018, the RAMbus memory interface chip area generated $36.4 million, or about 15% of total revenue, which is relatively low.
Taking into account the characteristics of the schema and the relatively low share of the rambus memory interface chip business, we have selected a shareic to account for the company's full-minded technology, Nathda, Ultra Light, Obiter, East Soft, St. Paul's shares, medium electronics, rich yearpe, on average 40.8 times, and we have a reasonable value of $30.05/units (after ipo's spread).
In the dcf model, the core assumptions are as follows: the company beta coefficient is 1.2, the target equity ratio is 100%, the no-risk rate is 3.25%, the wacc (weighted average capital cost) is 9.2%, and the growth rate is 2%.
The core assumptions for the valuation of figure 13dcf are that, given the higher investment threshold of the chipboard, higher voice for institutional investors than a share, and perhaps higher initial market conditions, the valuation of the market is expected to be more rational in the long run. At the same time, the chip industry is developing as a result of research.
There is a high degree of uncertainty in the equator chain, the company's product mix is thin, new business server products have not yet been validated, and there is some uncertainty in the future. Taking these factors together, we carefully value the company using the averages of the pe and dcf valuation methods, i.e. the company's reasonable valuation hub is 25.19.
Risks in the semiconductor sector include, inter alia, the risk of technological upgrading, tax policy adjustment risks, intellectual property rights risks, higher risk of customer concentration, and so on. Xu Peng: Master of Technology, June 2013 merger of Chinese securities, major areas of research and follow-up: tmt, debt transferable, etc.
In the six months following the report, the securities have increased or dropped against the 300 index. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information due to the receipt of the report by the recipient.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.