Science and technology: Memory Interface Chip Design Co. Synchronous Markets (maintenance) - Electronics Industry Initiative Series II
Following the sale of the consumer electronic chip business in 2017, the company focused its business on the server area, mainly from the memory interface chip.
The future company is positioned to provide chip-based solutions for cloud computing and AI. The business revolves around servers, with revenue coming mainly from memory interface chips.
In 2018, the company earned more than 99% of the RAM chip revenue from the memory interface chip and the Xin Quick server table. The RAM chip earned more than 99%. The RAM core data cut-off date: 23/04/04/04
The film is the core logical device of the server memory module, which grows with the size of the server market, and the company's clients, including the international mainstream dram factory, are the main international repository interface chip suppliers.
After successful research and development at the end of 2018, it has now entered the market extension phase, which, if successfully extended to Song Jiangbo, would facilitate the expansion of corporate market space.
The profitability is much better than the industry, the efficiency of the business is closer to the industry, and the company ' s Māori ratio has remained at over 50% since 2016, and sales are higher than the industry.
The size of the project has increased, and the overall asset turnover has declined significantly, bringing it closer to the level of the industry.
Chip R & D and industrialization projects, server cpu and its platform technology upgrading projects and artificial intelligence chip R & D projects, respectively, account for the leading position in the memory interface chip field and can also reserve artificial intelligence for the company.
The company's main business is to provide chip-based solutions in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, using the Fables business model, whereby the company is responsible only for chip design and the subsequent manufacture, sealing and outsourcing to other publics.
Division. In 2017, the company transferred all of its consumer electronic chip operations, and after August 2017 it stopped selling and developing consumer electronic chips and concentrated on server products. The company’s main products now include memory interface chips, server cpu and a mixed safe memory module.
After many years of accumulation of research and development, the company’s product has gained a high degree of recognition within the industry, and the products have been widely applied in areas such as data centres, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, meeting the demands of a new generation of servers for high performance, high reliability and high safety. Companies have become global providers of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4
One of the programme's main suppliers, the invented ddr4 fully buffered “1+9” architecture, has been adopted as an international standard by Jedec (the leading standard agency in the global microelectronics industry), whose products have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, service provider and cloud computing fields and occupy a major share of the global market.
Figure 1: Corporate ddr4 fully buffered "1+9" architecture adopted as international standard 1 sent clock-drive chip (rcd) 1.2 decentralized without actual control
On April 1, 2019, the company’s first shareholder was China Electronic Investment Holdings Ltd., with only a percentage of its share held after a number of replenishments and equity transfers.
15.904%; the second largest shareholder is intelcapital, with a 10% shareholding. Due to the number of shareholders and the fragmentation of shares, the company does not currently have a controlling shareholder or actual controlling person.
2. Two major operations revolve around servers. 2.1 Corporate revenue generation platform and consumer electronic chip; after August 2017, the company revenue came from memory interface chips and Xanax.
The memory interface chip downstream is the dram market and is the core logical device of the server memory module, and the primary function of the server cpu-access to memory data is to increase the speed and stability of access to the memory data, which is full.
A full server cpu has a growing high performance and high capacity requirement for memory modules. The memory interface chips need to be matched with a variety of memory particles and memory modules produced by the memory company, and can be used for large-scale commercialization only through rigorous certification by the server cpu, memory and oem manufacturers.
The company has a long-standing commitment to provide a new generation of server platforms with high-performance memory interface solutions that fully meet the Jedec criteria. As the Jedec standards and memory technology evolve, the company has launched a series of internal ddr2 high-level memory buffers, dddr3 depository buffers and memory buffers, dddr4 sender clock drives and data buffers.
rdimm (sending double-column straight-in-in-the-box module) and lrdim (reducing double-in-the-box memory module). These dddr are the memory interface chips that have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing fields and occupy a major share of the global market. The company is currently actively developing ddr5 in the light of the progress made by the memory module manufacturer.
A memory interface chip that effectively supports the high-speed, low-power requirements of ddr5. Figure 5: The corporate memory interface chip covers ddr2 to ddr4 so-called ddr, ordoubledatarate, which is a double rate used in the memory module to double output
The ddr is the dominant memory norm at the beginning of the twenty-first century, and the dominant product of the major chip groups supports the ddr standard. The ddr technology has been updated several times, and the prevailing ddr4, dddr5, which is about to enter the market, and the memory interfaces have been upgraded.
In addition to the companies, there are currently two providers of memory interface chips in the global market: idt, Rambus, where the Chinese company and idt have a higher and lower market share, and close to the city of .rambus. As the load capacity of the server data storage and processing continues to improve, the number of configured memory bars in the server is rapidly growing, and the memory interface core is expected to grow.
The market size of the memory interface chip can be expected to continue to grow rapidly, taking into account the expected growth in global server output and trends in memory technology and servers.
The platform, which has a chip-level real-time security monitoring function, can play an important role in the area of information security by providing the Centre with a more secure and reliable platform for calculating cloud numbers. In addition, the platform integrates advanced assays and symmetry.
Connectivity technology can provide a powerful combination of data processing and computing support for applications in the big data and artificial intelligence age. The series was successfully developed at the end of 2018 and is now in the market extension phase.
x86 Structure processor, which is used for arrest or other common server platforms. The capture cpu, based on an Intelx86 strategist, has been incorporated into the dsc technology of the University of Qinghua, which can be used for high-speed 1/0 tracers, memory access tracers, cpu behavioral surveillance, etc., through built-in or off-site security engines.
The mixed security memory module (hsdimmm): uses the company’s mot-icmt RAM technology to provide high-end uniforms.
The server platform provides a more secure and reliable memory solution. The company now has two series of secure memory modules, the mixed security memory module (hsdimmly) and the streamlined version of the mixed security memory module (hsdimm-lite), that provide different levels of data security solutions for different applications.
The mixed security memory module (hsdimm.pdf) adds an incendiary memory monitoring function to the jedecdddr4lrdim structure that allows real-time monitoring of command/address signals from memory controllers as well as interactive data entry and movement to provide more reliable data security options for servers.
The security access control mechanism (sam) was added to the jedecdddr4rdimm architecture to allow for the tracking and protection of orders/addresses of the memory system. Through this mechanism, hsdimm-lite can monitor the process of accessing stored data and prevent illegal access orders.
To protect data security in server memory systems by recording and uploading illegal command information for trace and analysis
Corporate products should be used in the server industry, so their growth potential will be strongly influenced by the server industry. Clouds, margin computing, software definition infrastructure, and parallel computing for artificial intelligence and machine learning.
The emergence of new applications directly contributed to the rapid development of new ecological and industrial chains, such as lot, margin computing, autopilot, and opened up new upscaling spaces for the server market, so that the server industry will continue its growth trend in the future. According to Gartner, the global server market continued to grow in 2018, with the number of servers delivered throughout the year.
This represents an increase of 13.1 per cent in the same year and a 30.1 per cent increase in sales volume, of which 3.47 million in the fourth quarter, 17.6 per cent in the same year and 38.3 per cent in the same year ' s area, with x86 servers being the main server model, with 34.61 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, an 8.7 per cent increase in the same year.
According to data from idc, the total volume of Chinese X86 server markets in 2018 was 3.304 million, an increase of 26.1 per cent, and sales of $17.189 billion, an increase of 54.9 per cent.
In 2018, China’s X86 server market rose at a very high price, and the volume and sales of goods grew at the highest annual rate in the last seven years. The Internet, telecommunications, finance, and services sectors grew at a rate of more than 20% in terms of industry, and were the main drivers of market growth, with the large Internet and operators growing more strongly.
As you can see, Internet users mainly choose racks and multi-node servers, the traditional industry tends to use racks more often, and large telecommunications and the government have begun to deploy multi-node servers, thus increasing the market share of racks and multi-node servers and shrinking the market share of blades and tower servers.
Anshin is in third place in terms of volume of goods and sales, and the share of the odm manufacturer in China is growing; market trends suggest that a segmented server market, i-server and margin-calculating server, for particular loads of jobs, has erupted, that major manufacturers have accelerated the deployment of this area and introduced new products, and that these segments will remain the market in 2019.
♪ The tide ♪ ♪ Dall-I-Sin-Sun ♪
Since corporate revenue comes mainly from memory interface chips and downstream is the dram market, the global dram market share is dominated by Samsung, sk Hercules, magnesium light technology, which together accounts for more than 90% of the total. So the client concentration is also high, with sales to the top three clients exceeding 20% in 2018, with a combined share of 73.01.
• First-largest client, second-largest client, third-largest client, fourth-largest client, fifth-largest client, other 3.2 is much more profitable than the industry.
The wiring out of the consumer electronic chip business, the company ' s revenue grew by 86.53 per cent in 2018, with 99.49 per cent, or 87.1 per cent, of the RAM chip revenue, the company ' s Māori ratio being higher as a chip design firm, which has remained at over 50 per cent since 2016, as a result of 2017.
The consumer electronic chip business, which had a low Māori rate, had a Māori rate of 70.54 per cent in 2018, an increase of 17 ptts over 2017. Māori had a Māori rate of 71 per cent in 2018 and captured the server platform in the two major operations. Māori had a lower rate of 17 per cent since it was still in business development.
Due to the low level of segmentation of the integrated circuit design industry, a stock listing companies do not yet have a firm that fully overlaps with the company ' s products, we have selected a share of the funables as a comparable company, including the UV micro, mesoelectronics, all-a-tech, rich microscopic, top technology, etc.
Corporate Maori rates have been higher than industry averages since 2016, and with the low Māori rate of product stripping advantage increasing closer to industry levels at 3.34 rates Overall, company four rates for 2016-2018 (sales rates, management rates, R&D rates, financial rates)
Because of the high sales commission, the sales commission is a commission that the company has entrusted to its offshore sales services agency for market development, customer service, and the company attaches great importance to R & D, which cost $277 million in 2018, an increase of 47 per cent over the same period, and the R & D rate.
15.74 per cent, the highest of the four rates, with a slight decrease in R & D costs in 2017 compared to 2016, mainly due to the transfer of the consumer of the electronic chip business. As of 31 December 2018, there were 181 company R & D personnel, representing a decline in the efficiency of the company ' s total 3.4 operations to industry levels and an improvement in inventory management capacity
In 2016, the corporate total asset turnover rate was 1.12, significantly higher than the average for comparable companies in the same industry, with assets operating only slightly above the average for the industry, and the company ' s operating efficiency advantage relative to the industry largely disappeared. Since the firm ' s fixed assets represented only 0.55 per cent of total assets, the company needed less capital expenditure, although not.
However, the corporate asset-liability rate remained low, with the debt-liability rate falling to 4 after two rounds of replenishment in 2018, the consolidation of the corporate position in fund-raising projects, the reserve of new growth points, and the company's plan to raise $2.3 billion to invest in a new generation of memory interface chip research and development, industrialization projects, and capture.
Service cpu and platform technology upgrade project and artificial intelligence chip development project, with a ratio of investment in new generation memory interface chip development and industrialization, respectively Cpu and platform technology upgrades
Artificial intelligence chip development New generation memory interface chip development and industrialization project: a new generation of ddr4 memory interface chips, a double-column memory module (rdimm) for ddr5 and a reduction double-column, based on the company's existing memory interface chip product
The development of ddr5 memory interface chips, including high-performance, low-capacity db chips and sent-in clock driver rcd chips that can significantly enhance the performance, system extension and power efficiency required for high-end cloud computing servers and high-speed storage subsystems.
The Division ' s leading role in the area of disaggregation has contributed to steady and sustained business growth.
Upgraded research and development of the storage module has the advantage of high performance, high reliability, high safety, etc., and provides users with chip-level real-time security monitoring. The construction period is expected to be three years, allowing companies to better provide high performance, high safety server cpu and platform products for cloud computing.
Artificial intelligence chip development project: The development of aai processor chips and soc chips for cloud data centres with the company ' s technical and talent base in the field of high-speed, low-power, memory system chip design. The construction period is expected to be three years, with new business growth points for the company.
The implementation of these projects will contribute to achieving the company’s development goals for the next three years in terms of the market position and influence of the industry, specifically: 1) in the area of internal interface chip operations.
The firm ' s market leader, completing the development and industrialization of the first generation ddr5 memory interface chip over the next three years: 2) in the data centre business area, continuously upgrades the server cpu and its platform to produce high-performance, high-security, high-reliability cpu, mixed-security memory modules, etc.
3) In the area of artificial intelligence chips, focus on client needs, tap potential business opportunities, develop competitive chip solutions, and provide new business growth points for the sustainable development of companies. Given the wide range of product-specific variations among companies, companies also compare the range of value zone fluctuations compared to those of a listed company
Large. The maximum value of pe (ttm) is close to 2.5 times the minimum at the collection price on April 22, 2019.