I want you to know that I'm the lead on the interface, and I want you to know that I'm the lead on the memory interface chip.
The main technology business is to provide a chip-based solution in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the main products currently include memory interface chips, installation of a server cpu, and mixed security memory modules. After many years of accumulation of research and development, corporate products are highly recognized in the industry and should be widely accepted.
For use in data centres, cloud computing and artificial intelligence to meet the demands of a new generation of servers for performance, reliability and high safety.
Self-research and development to establish the identity of the head of the memory interface chip, which has been under cultivation for more than a decade, is one of the major global providers of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4, with the global mainstream.
Sino-micro Corporation: Technology Processor Providers, Server Manufacturers, Memory Module Manufacturers and Software System Providers have established a long-term dynamic to break the Foreign Monopoly 2019-04-04
A stable partnership. The 1+9 architecture of the technological inventions was adopted as an international standard by Jedec (all of the leading standards agencies in the nuclear, micro-electronics industry), whose products have successfully entered the country.
Mainstream memory, servers, and cloud computing, and account for a major share of the global market. Corporate technology, keeping industry ahead, 2019-04-08.
Depending on the progress made by the memory module manufacturer, a dynamic layout of the ddr5 memory interface chip has been developed, with a slight decline in new profits, focusing on investment opportunities in the area of disaggregation. One generation of products has been able to effectively support the high-speed, low-power, etc. requirements of dddr5.
Since 2016, technology has been working with Intel and Qinghua University to develop a series of servers, cpu.
Server platform. The server platform is a high-performance, secure, controlled and credible server platform, especially for data centres with high data security requirements. The server platform consists mainly of a high-speed series of servers, cpu, and a combination of intellectual property rights for technology.
The company plans to raise $2.3 billion for the new generation of memory interface chip research and development and industry.
The conversion project, the server cpu and its platform technology upgrade project, and the artificial intelligence chip development project. The upgrade of the memory interface chip will help consolidate the company’s leading position in the area of disaggregation; and the technological upgrading of the server cpu and its platform will help the company to better calculate the cloud.
Provide high-performance, high-security server cpu and its platform products on a contemporary basis; artificial intelligence chip research and development projects will focus on client demand, target industrial development and reserve new business growth points for companies, which are the few integrated circuits in the country that establish a leading edge in the area of disaggregation through autonomous research and development.
Design enterprises. Depending on China’s market, finance and policies, companies rely on their technological R & D strengths to achieve further growth by developing high-performance products and expanding product lines. Five comparable companies from the same industry were selected, on average, pe (ttm), pe (19e), pe (20e) 61, 51, 40, respectively.
1. Risks of poor progress in ipo; 2 risk of poor orders; 3 risk of poor progress in research and development; 3 risk of lack of progress in research and development; and that technology is a global leader in memory interface chips.
The main products include memory interface chips, a catch server cpu, and a mixed security memory module. After many years of research and development, corporate products have gained a high degree of recognition within the industry and have been widely applied in such domains as data centres, cloud computing and artificial intelligence to meet the demands of a new generation of servers for silicon performance, reliability and high safety.
The company's deep-seasoned chip field has been one of the major global suppliers of fully buffered/semi-buffered solutions from ddr2 to ddr4. The ddr4 fully buffer of technology innovation has been adopted as an international standard by Jedec (the global microelectronic industry leader standard agency), whose products have successfully entered the country.
The stock structure of the company is fragmented. All shareholders are unable to control more than half of the voting power of the shareholders meeting alone, or more than half of the board members alone, and cannot control the company alone.
In 2004, Yang Chong and Dr. Yang joined Stephenkuong-lotai in creating technology. Yang Chong and Mr. Yang have masters and doctorates in electronic engineering from the State University of Oregon, United States of America.
In 1994-1996, Dr. Yang joined his colleagues in the creation of Xintao Technology, which was merged with idt in 2001 and was awarded one of China's 10 largest mergers in that year: in 2004, Dr. Yang was President and Chief Executive Officer since the company was founded. In 2010, Dr. Yang became President and Chief Executive Officer.
In addition, Dr. Yang has been awarded various awards, including the Cas Industry Herald Award and the White Jadeland Honour Award awarded by the Shanghai Municipality.
Mr. Stephenkuong-lotai has been involved in the creation of the Marvell Science and Technology Group for more than 25 years and has been the director-general of the company.
The overall technology for the design of the memory buffer controller chip in the ddr series was internationally advanced: in December of the same year, the technology and industrialization project was awarded the “First Prize for Science and Technology of the Chinese Electronics Institute”; in 2017, the company was awarded the “Best Suppliers Award” for the company's product, “Second Generation ddr4 Memory Cache chip” in 2018.
The National Hedge's annual Big Innovation Breakout Products: The Dynamic Security Surveillance Technology used by the server cpu and its platform in the same year was evaluated for the World Internet Congress's 5th World Internet Leadership Science and Technology Outcome. With innovative skills, quality product quality and services, companies have won a great deal of credit from brand clients and created a good brand image.
Revenues, net profits are growing and the amount of profit and share of the high Māori ratio is mainly due to the limited transfer of $10,000 to non-recurrent gains and losses by companies in 2017 as a result of the transfer of consumer electronics from companies in the year in question.
The company ' s products include memory interface chips and consumer electronic chips. The company ' s July 2017 business on consumer electronic chips.
Assets were transferred, and after the transfer, the company’s products included memory interface chips and Xin Quick server platforms. As information technology innovations entered a new accelerated cycle, new generations of information technologies and applications, such as networking, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, began to spread globally, leading to a significant increase in the number of new data centres and to large-scale, super-large-scale data centres.
The growth in size has led to an increase in market demand for global servers and their core components’ memory interface chips. The Division’s operating income has remained steady and rapid, mainly as a result of the continued growth in market demand for global memory interface chips and the growing competitive advantage with firms’ products, which has contributed to a further increase in global market ownership, thereby promoting business income.
Rapid growth. Higher revenue from other company operations in 2017 was due mainly to the company’s tendency to both coil and revenue from raw materials and semi-finished products from the diversion of consumer electronic chip business assets. The company’s consumption of electronic chips followed a sales pattern dominated by sales, while the memory interface chip was sold directly.
The direct sales revenue from 2016-2018 was 67.25%, 68.30% and 79.05%, respectively, and the direct sales revenue was increasing year by year, mainly as a result of the continued growth in the sales and share of the memory interface chips. According to the continued growth in demand in the central server market, the company, based on the technological advances in the storage of the interface chips in ddr4,
Reliability and good slogans, and a rising market share, have led to a rapid increase in sales. (2) Consumption of electronic chips. $21,291.01 million in consumer electronics in domestic entertainment from 2016 to July 2017. To focus on the development and sale of memory interface chips and @server platforms, companies have been able to focus their resources on the development and sale of electronic chips.
In July 2017, the transfer of assets from the consumer ' s electronic chip business was completed. After many years of development, the company built a good reputation within the industry, accumulated a wealth of customer resources and sold in areas covering mainland China, Asia, Europe, America, etc., with companies in Korea, mainland China and China in 2016.
Singapore has a relatively high sales income of 51.17 per cent, 32.10 per cent and 8.96 per cent, respectively; in 2017, the company ' s main clients in China were Dram International, including Fuchang Electronics, Quino Technologies, Medium Electric Equipment, etc. The concentration of customers has increased year by year, mainly as a result of the annual increase in sales of corporate memory interface chips over the reporting period.
The bottom-down application of memory interface chips - the market concentration of the dram memory module is very high. Three-star electronics, Hercules, and U.S. Light technology were in the top three markets in the third quarter of 2018, with a combined market share of more than 90%. Companies do not have sales to single customers that exceed 50% of total company sales or are heavily dependent on a small number of customers.
The related costs are factored into other business outcomes when companies transfer related assets such as electronic chip-related raw materials and semi-finished products each year, mainly as a result of the company ' s completion of the electronic chip business asset transfer in 2017 and the continued expansion of the sale of memory interface cores.
95.91% is the main component of the company’s main operating costs. The direct material is the crystallized cost, which is 56.62%, 52.07% and 39.94% respectively, and is on a downward trend from year to year, mainly because the memory interface chip is more demanding than the consumer electronic chip. The containment process is therefore more demanding, so the encapsulation test cost for the memory interface chip is relatively higher, as it is connected to the memory.
The business cost of company direct materials has been declining year by year, with 51.76% and 88.85%, respectively, growing year by year in 2018. The company’s business growth in Maori has been largely due to the widespread recognition of its advanced performance, market occupancy rates have been rising, sales have continued to expand and Maori rates have started.
The year-to-year rise in the Māori share of the mouth chip is mainly due to the continued growth in the sale of the memory interface chip, while the Division completed the transfer of assets from the consumer electronic chip business in July 2017.The ratio of Māori to Māori is slightly higher than in 2016, mainly as a result of the higher Māori share in the sale of the RAM chip;
In 2018, the company’s combined Māori rate rose by the same year, mainly because of the removal of assets from the consumption of electronic chips in 2017. The company’s combined Māori rate was higher than that of comparable listed companies in the same industry, mainly because the company sold different products from the same industry’s companies.
Comparable company data are for January-September 2018, adding to technology data for the entire year 2018.The percentage has declined, mainly as a result of the company's transfer of assets to consume electronic chip operations and the related reduction in employee remuneration and R & D costs. Cost as a percentage of operating income increased during 2018, mainly as a result of sales increases
The company’s R & D expenditure as a percentage of its business income is higher than the industry average, mainly because of its commitment to science and technology innovation in the area of integrated circuit design, with a focus on sustained high investment in R & D. The company’s R & D sector accounts for 70.98 per cent of the total number of employees.
Research and development drivers are also a key factor in maintaining core competitiveness, and therefore the share of R & D inputs is more reasonable. Comparable company data are for January-September 2018, making science and technology available throughout 2018.
The higher corporate liquidity and speed ratios in 2017 and the lower asset-liability ratios were due mainly to the transfer of assets from the consumer of electronic chip operations in 2017 and the optimization of the asset structure.The higher corporate liquidity and speed ratios in 2018 and the lower asset-liability ratios were due mainly to the introduction of 2018.
With two rounds of replenishment, there has been a significant increase in current assets, and companies have adopted different credit policies for different products, of which the consumer of electronic chip products is mainly a cash-to-distribute product, the turnover rate is maintained at a high level, and the credit period for memory interface chip products is around 30 days.
The decrease in the turnover of accounts receivable is mainly due to the company ' s sales of inventory related to the consumption of electronic chip business to and from its connections, resulting in uncollected accounts receivable. The decrease in the turnover of corporate accounts receivable in 2018 is mainly due to the company ' s non-sale of the cost-free electronic chip product, and the turnover of accounts receivable is generally consistent with and reasonable with the credit policy of the memory interface chip.
In 2016, the turnover rate of corporate receivables was higher than that of comparable companies in the same industry, mainly because of the firm ' s rigorous application of credit policies and good recovery of receivables. In 2017, the turnover rate of corporate receivables was the same as that of comparable companies in the same industry, mainly because the company had contributed to the sale of finished products associated with the consumption of electronic chips to all of the parties involved, and to the creation of a response.
The turnover rate of the company’s accounts receivable in 2018 was largely in line with the average of comparable companies in the same industry. The average turnover of the company’s inventory in 2016 was low compared to the average of comparable companies in the same industry, mainly due to the company’s high pace of development, which resulted in a high stock level at the end of the period due to active stock preparation.
The same level of parity is due mainly to the fact that the company has contributed to the sale of the finished products associated with the consumption of the electronic chip business and its connections, and that the inventory structure has been adjusted. In 2018, the company ' s stock turnover rate was better than the average of comparable companies in the same industry, mainly as a result of the company ' s improved marketing plan and volume forecasting mechanisms and the optimization of the relevant reserve system.
Figure 20: Science and technology and corporate asset liquidity indicators for 2016-2018, III. Autonomous research and development to establish the identity of a memory interface chip leader
One of the main suppliers of the full buffer/semi-buffer complete solution. The ddr4 fully buffered "1+9 " architecture, which contributed to the technological invention, was adopted as an international standard by Jedec (the global microelectronics industry leader), whose products have successfully entered the mainstream international memory, server and cloud computing fields, and occupy a major share of the global market.
Figure 21: Capturing Science Memory Interface Chips Figure 22: Capturing Technology 1+9 Structures 1 sent-in clock-drive chip (rcd)
With high-speed, low-capacity technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, the company has long been committed to providing a new generation of server platforms with high-performance memory interface solutions that fully meet the Jedec criteria. As the Jedec standards and memory technology evolve, the company has launched a high-level ddr2 memory buffer, a dddr3 sender and a memory buffer.
fbdimm (full buffer double-column straight into the memory module), ddr3 and ddr4rdimm (sending double-column straight into the memory module) and lrdim (reduced double-column straight into the memory module). The ddr series memory interface chips have successfully entered the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing fields, and have occupied a major share of the global market.
The memory interface chip market, with the global mainstream processor suppliers, server manufacturers, memory module manufacturers, and software system providers, has established a long-term and stable partnership. Based on the progress made by the memory module manufacturers, the company is currently building up a deep layout to develop ddr5 memory interface chips that will enable a new generation of products to effectively support the high-speed, low-power, etc. of ddr5.
Wsts shows that the global semiconductor market rose from $30.56 billion to $4.68 billion in 2013-2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 8.93 per cent. The semiconductor industry chain is downstream of semiconductor end products and their derived applications, systems, etc.
The global market size of integrated circuits, optical electronic devices, separation devices, sensors was 3933, 380, 241, 13.4 billion United States dollars, an increase of 14.6 per cent, 9.3 per cent, 11.7 per cent, 6.0 per cent and a proportion of the market size of semiconductors. Semiconductor products were diverse, different designs and functions varied from product to product, and manufacturing processes and processes existed.
There are differences. In the case of semiconductor products, which account for the highest proportion of integrated circuits in the market, the upper chain of the integrated circuit industry is the ip kernel and design services, materials, equipment, middle-stream manufacturing, which can be divided into design, crystal-rounding, sealing three links, downstream being the application areas of integrated circuit products.
Figure 26: Semiconductor Industrial Chains (in the case of integrated circuits), at the demand end, China has become the world ' s largest producer and consumer market for electronics, generating huge sums of money that have grown to $155 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 13.58%.
China’s consumption of semiconductor products will continue to increase, and China will become the most dynamic and promising market area for the global semiconductor. At the supply end, the market for domestic integrated circuits is smaller.
Data from the Agency, imports of integrated circuit products have been ranked first of all imports for the fourth consecutive year, starting in 2015, and there is considerable room for import substitution.
The reading process, embodied in electronic storage and release, is widely used in areas such as memory, auto, consumer electronics, smart terminals, solid state hard disks, and is one of the most widely applied and marketed basic integrated circuit products.
Area. Disaggregated from the point of view of information preservation, can be classified as a loss-free memory (volatilememory) and non-lossy memory (non-volatilememory). The former consists mainly of dram (dynamic random access storage), sram (static random access storage), and the data in the memory disappears after the external power is cut off; the latter is the main package.
Including eeprom (electricalally available record-onlymemory, i.e., “electrically exculpable programmed read-only memory”), flash (smoke chip), prom (programmableread-onlymemory, i.e., “programmable record-only memory”), eprom (i.e., erasable programmedread-onlymemomory)
“Recordable programming memory”), etc., can keep the contents stored after external power cuts. $ billion, growth from the same year to 14.16%. $ billion, increase from the same year to -22%, mainly due to a drop in the price of oversupply and projected prices of dram
Declines and weak demand are likely to continue into the third quarter of 2019. The dram market is dominated by three major players (46%), sk Hercules (29%), Light (21%), who together account for more than 90% of the total, creating oligopoly.
The memory interface chip is the core logical device of the server memory module (also known as the " memory bar " ), which serves as the server's mandatory access route to the memory data. Its primary function is to increase the speed and stability of the memory data access and to meet the growing high performance and high capacity requirements of the server's memory module.
The production of various RAM particles and RAM modules is complemented by a rigorous certification of their functionality and performance (e.g. stability, speed of operation, power consumption, etc.) by server cpu, memory and oem manufacturers in order to enter the large-scale commercial phase. Therefore, the development of such products will not only capture the core technical difficulties of the memory interface, but also cross the server ecology system.
ddr is the English acronym of Doubledatarate, meaning double speed, and is the technology in the memory module used to double output. dddr is the dominant memory norm at the beginning of the century, and the dominant product of the major chip producers supports the ddrr standard.
Markets. On the one hand, the rapid growth of dddr has made the market more demanding in terms of technology for memory interface chips; on the other hand, with the rapid diffusion of new technologies such as cloud computing, big data, and so on, server demand has increased, thus driving the market demand for memory.
The downstream customers of the memory interface chips are mainly three-star electronics, Hercules, and United States Light technology, which represent memory module groups, which require larger and faster demand. Global storage sales reached $124 billion in 2017, an increase of 615 per cent, with dram sales reaching $72 billion, an increase of 76.8 per cent over 2016.
The market share of the major suppliers in the market, three-star electronics, Hercules, and U.S. Light technology, together, is more than 90%, showing a high market concentration. The demand for the storage chip market is enormous and has strong growth potential.
The global RAM chip market was about $580 million in 2018, an increase of about 53 per cent over the previous year. The number of servers is rising, and the number of configured RAMs in servers is growing rapidly, and the RAM is expected to grow at a higher rate than that of servers.
The market size of the memory interface chip will continue to grow rapidly, as can be expected from the development of memory technology and servers. There are currently three providers of memory interface chips in the global market, one for technology, the other for idt, and the other for Rambuso.
On the whole, the technology and idt interface have a relatively close market share of chips, with Rambus having a relative share of idt (idtl.o) established in 1980 and based in the United States as a company offering a combination signal semiconductor solution for the communications, computer and consumer industries.
Portal solutions, serialrapidlo, pciexpress switches and web bridges, signal integrity products and power management resolution programmes to meet the needs of enterprise server applications.
Founded in 1990 and based in the United States, Rambus (rmbs.o) is a technology solution research and development department and provides products and services in the field of secure research and development, advanced led lighting and monitors, and authentically mobile media.
Business income in the first three quarters was $166,63.8 million, with a net profit of $15,593.9 million.IV. Server products are entering the extension phase to expand new profit growth points. Since 2016, technology has been working with Intel and Qinghua University to develop a series of servers, cpu.
A X-86 architecture processor with pre-detection and dynamic security monitoring features, which applies to X-rays or other common server platforms. c-pu is the foundation for the Intel x86 processor.
It is built into the dsc technology of the University of Qinghua, which can be matched with a combination of safe memory modules (hsdimm) for technology, and it will form a Xin Quick server platform that will provide a chip-grade dynamic security monitoring function for cloud computing servers. In addition, cpu combines advanced isomer computing and interconnection techniques that will provide a powerful future for artificial intelligence and big data applications.
Integrated data processing and computational support. Combined security memory modules, using memory monitoring techniques that enable technology to acquire autonomous intellectual property rights (mont-icmt), can provide higher-end server platforms with a greater degree of coverage.
Secure and reliable memory solutions. Two sets of hybrid security memory modules are being rolled out: a standard mix security memory module (hsdimmly) and a streamlined version of a mixed security memory module (hsdimmly-lite) that can provide different levels of data security solutions for different applications.
The Xin Xin Xin Xin server platform is a high-performance, secure, controlled and credible server platform, especially for data centres with high data security requirements, consisting mainly of a technology-based series of servers, cpu, and a combination of safe memory modules with autonomous intellectual property rights. The series was successfully developed by the end of 2018.
With a technology server platform of US$ billion, global server output has increased by 5.0 to 3 million on a year-on-year basis. The overall server market continues to be in demand.
The quarter represents a double-digit increase in revenue for the fifth consecutive quarter and the highest single-season revenue in history: billions of dollars, with high-end systems falling by 28.3 to 2.1 billion dollars. Idc believes that the decline in demand for mega-scale businesses has created downward pressure on the growth of the global server market throughout the quarter, through an increase in server sales to business clients and an average.
The higher sales prices are offset by the fact that enterprises are purchasing a well-configured server to support a resource-intensive load, which leads to higher average sales prices and boosts higher revenue growth than delivery volume. Dale and Hpe/Xinhua were ranked first in the global server market in the fourth quarter of 2018, with their share of income respectively.
18.7% and 17.8% respectively, with 20.4% and 10.5% respectively. ibm ranked third with 8.3% share of income, excluding sales resulting from the recent cooperative relationship between ibm and Wave Commercial Machines Ltd. Waves/waves Commercial machines ranked fourth with shares of 6.6% and 6.2%, respectively, with 70.7% and 70% respectively.
33.8% of the producers in the odmdirect category accounted for 20.1% of total revenue, an increase of 11.6% to $4.7 billion over the same period, but a very low increase for this group. Dale leads the global server market in terms of volume.
United States dollars (approximately RMB 115,195 million), an increase of 54.9 per cent in the same year, and the idc forecast that China would deliver more than 5.25 million X86 servers in 2023, with a combined annual market growth rate (cagr) of 9.7 per cent over the next five years.
In terms of industry, the Internet, telecommunications, finance, and service sectors have grown by more than 20%, and are the main drivers of market growth, with the growth of large Internet and operators particularly strong. In terms of products, Internet users have mainly chosen racks and multi-node servers, and the traditional industry has tended to pick more.
The use of rack servers, large telecommunications and government deployment of multi-node servers has continued to expand the market share of racks and multi-node servers, with a shrinking market share for blades and towers. From the manufacturer ' s perspective, waves (24.5%), China (17.9%) and Delgian Xin (17.3%) are ranked among the top three, odm plants in terms of volume of goods and sales.
In view of market trends, a segmented server market for specific loads of jobs, such as the one-server and the marginal-calculation server, has erupted, and major manufacturers have accelerated the deployment of this area and launched new products. In 2019, these segments will remain market hot spots.
idc argues that the development of the digital economy in 2018 led to historic high growth in the Chinese server market, while, mainly, the higher prices of spare parts and the upgrading of the configuration contributed to faster growth in the size of the market: in 2019, in the context of the slowdown in the growth rate of the gdp in China and the normalization of the trade dispute between China and the United States, the downside of the domestic stock price has begun to fall in the market environment where servers have become apparent.
The market will face great uncertainty. However, idc remains firm in view of the long-term growth of the market, with more opportunities than the challenge. At the technical level, new technologies and applications will bring new dynamism to the server market.
Keeping the market growing; in terms of investment, 5g will be deployed in 2019, while 5g will directly boost the investment of operators and, more importantly, the new infrastructure will drive new applications, potentially accelerating the emergence of new killers, directly contributing to the rapid maturity of new ecological and new industrial chains, such as lot, margin computing, autopilot and so forth, to the city.
Five, raising funds for product and technology upgrades, $2.3 billion for a new generation of memory interface chip research and development and industrialization projects, Quick Quicker cpu and its platform.
Technology upgrades and artificial intelligence chip development projects. The upgrading of memory interface chips will help to consolidate the Division’s leadership in the area of disaggregation; the technological upgrading of the installed server cpu and its platform will help companies to better provide high performance and high security servers cpu and its platform products for the cloud computing age; and the artificial intelligence chip development project.
The memory interface chip is a key component of the server memory subsystem, which follows the evolution of the memory industry. By the end of 2018, the world’s major memory chip manufacturers had announced their own ddr5 R&D progress.
The inventory product in ddr5 is on schedule and requires the memory interface provider to accelerate the development of a new generation of ddr5 memory interface chips. The new generation of memory interface chip development and industrialization projects will develop a new generation of ddr4 memory interface chips, a two-line memory module (rdimm) for dddr5 and a new generation of ddr5.
Reducing the development of ddr5 memory interface chips in the double-column straight-in memory module (lrdim), including high performance, low-capacity db chips and sent-on clock drive rcd chips. The developed chip will meet the jedec memory interface core standards and will significantly enhance the performance of high-end cloud computing servers and high-speed storage subsystems, system extensions
The Xinjiang server cpu and its platform technical upgrade project will be technically upgraded to the company ' s Xin server cpu and its platform in line with the higher requirements of the data centre for data security, including the re-engineering of computing processors and hybrid safety memory modules. The project-related products have high performance, high reliability, high safety, etc.
Users provide real-time chip-level security monitoring and control. The artificial intelligence chip development project will develop the ai processor chip and soc chip for cloud-side data centres with the company’s technical and human resource base in the field of high-speed, low-power, memory system chip design.
The company is one of the few integrated circuit-design companies in the country that have established a leading edge in the area of segmentation through autonomous R & D. The company relies on China’s markets, funds, and policies, relying on its own technological capacity for R & D, to achieve further growth through the development of high-performance products and the expansion of product lines.
Pe (20e) 61, 51, 40, 1, ipo risk of poor progress; 2, purchase orders below expectations; 3, R & D risk below expectations;
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.