This is the reason for the report: The report on the report on the report on the report on the report on the project.
The company was established in 2004 to provide high-performance chip solutions in the field of \triangleright cloud computing and artificial intelligence, which is the global memory interface chip.
One of the main suppliers is currently one of the main products, which consists of memory interface chips, velocity servers cpu with mixed security memory modules. For the last three years, the size of the company’s collections has continued to grow at a high rate, profits have increased at a high rate, and profitability has continued to increase.
The company achieved operating income of 1.758 billion yuan, an increase of 43.19 per cent over the same period. Demand + supply resonance, with future growth of the memory interface chip. (1) Industrial chains: integrated circuits. Industry size maintained high growth, especially in the design industry.
In 2018, the design industry sold $251.93 billion, an increase of 21.5 per cent, and the chip manufacturing industry sold $181.82 billion in new technologies such as networking, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
The demand for chips with high performance, large capacity, low capacity, and low duration will increase significantly. In 2017, the Chinese appliance market reached 28,081 million, with sales of 66,880 million yuan, an increase of 15.6 per cent and 15.8 per cent, respectively, (3) at the supply end: the company is one of the only three suppliers in the world, with industry leaders.
There are only three companies worldwide that are developing and producing RAM chips, one for technology, the other for idt, and the other for Rambus. Overall, the company and idt are in the interface area where production rates are closer and the share of RAMbus is relatively small.
The project will further enhance the firm’s core competitiveness: the company is about to increase its core competitiveness by no more than \triangleright.
The project to upgrade the server cpu and its platform technology and to develop an artificial intelligence chip was evaluated on the 28th floor of ITC a at 69 West Street, Taiwon City: due to the small-asset industry in the design industry and the profitability of the company in recent years
Shanxi Securities Company, we use the pe and ps relative valuation method to value the technology.
Innovation, as a comparable company, calculates its average market gains and sales rates, multiplied by the company's net profits, respectively.
Founded in 2004, the company is committed to providing high performance chip solutions in the area of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and is one of the major suppliers of global memory interface chips, which currently include memory interface chips, velocity servers cpu and hybrid safe memory modules. The memory interface chip is the core logical device of the server memory module (also known as the RAM), which serves as server cpu's access to memory data.
The main role is to increase the speed and stability of memory data access and to meet the growing high performance and high capacity demand of the server cpu for memory modules. The company’s internal interface chip market has cultivated for more than a decade, with a series of high-speed ddr2, ddr3, ddr4, full buffer “1+9” architecture adopted as an international standard by jedec, whose products have successfully entered the global mainstream memory, server and cloud computing collars.
At the same time, the company is actively involved in the development of the ddr5jedec standard. At present, based on the progress made by the memory module manufacturer, the company is actively layoutd the ddr5 memory interface chip, and a new generation of products can effectively support the high-speed, low-power consumption and other requirements of ddr5 to ensure that the company has the leading R&D progress and to ensure its steady growth.
Since 2016, the company has been working with Intel and Qinghua University to develop a series of cpu. The Xin Quick Quick Server platform, based on the safe memory module for the capture of cpu and Qinghua, has achieved real-time chip-level security monitoring and provides a more secure and reliable computing platform for cloud computing data centres. The platform also integrates advanced asymmetric computing and interconnection techniques that can inform the age of big data and artificial intelligence.
The application provides a strong combination of data processing and computing support. 1.2 Equity is more decentralized. Since its inception, the company has expanded its stock through multiple replenishments, has more decentralized shares, and now has no controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
Do not hold the shares of China, China, China, India, wlt, Pearl and China, with 15.904 per cent, 10.000 per cent, 8.636 per cent. For the last three years, the size of the company ' s revenues has continued to grow at a high rate, profits have multiplied and profitability has continued to increase. For the last two years, the growth rate of the company ' s revenues has been dominated by memory interface chips and consumer electronic chips. In 2017, management was optimizing the allocation of resources, improving operating efficiency, and introducing them.
In August 2017, the company stopped selling and developing and consuming the electronic chips. Thus, in 2018, the company's collection was dominated by the memory interface chip and the Jin capture server, which accounted for more than 99 per cent of the proceeds.
In 2018, the company achieved a net return profit of 737 million yuan, an increase of 112.41 per cent, an increase of 2017, or even an increase of 273.81 per cent. Research and development inputs have been growing steadily. Companies have always encouraged innovation and focused on research and development, with the result of autonomous research and development (R & D) technologies, with their annual R & D expenditure accounting for more than 15 per cent.
2. Demand + supply resonance, future growth of memory interface chips, 2.1 industrial chain analysis: IEC industry maintained high growth, particularly in the design industry, which consisted mainly of integrated circuit design, manufacturing and encapsulation tests, which were capital- and technology-intensive industries and were common in the industry.
Strong technological R & D capacity, financial power, customer resources, and industry chain integration. At Mäori level, the Mäori rate of integrated circuit design is generally much higher than that of testing and encapsulation, and typically the average Mäori rate of integrated circuit design companies is around 40%, and the Mäori rate of crystal rounding companies is about 30%, while the average Mäori rate of test encapsulation enterprises is only around 20%.
2.1.1 The country ' s integrated circuit industry has grown at a much higher scale than the global economy. According to the American Semiconductor Industry Association, the total global integrated circuit industry income in 2017 was $412.2 billion, up from $653.2 billion in 2016 and 20.71 per cent in 2017, well above global growth rates.
2.1.2 The most dynamic development of the integrated circuit design industry is that, in terms of industry structure, the design industry has grown rapidly and has remained above average industry growth rates. In 2018, the design industry sold $251.93 billion, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year; the chip manufacturing industry sold $1,882 billion, an increase of 25.6 per cent in the same year; and the sealing and testing industry sold.
While sales amounted to $219.39 billion, an increase of 16.1 per cent over the same period, the design industry, which had outsized the encapsulation test industry since 2016, accounted for a larger share of the integrated circuit industry than the integrated circuit industry, there is still a certain gap between our integrated circuit industry as a whole and the developed countries, mainly as a result of the fact that the structure of the industry continues to be irrational.
The design industry accounts for only about 38.6 per cent of the industry, chip manufacturing for 27.8 per cent, encapsulation testing for 33.6 per cent, global design for encapsulation for nearly 60 per cent, containment testing for less than 20 per cent, and the integrated circuit industry is concentrated in low-value-added industrial chains, which will require a shift to higher value-added industries such as the design industry in the future.
2.2 Demand-side analysis: There is a significant increase in the demand side of the smart age stimulus, and as new technologies such as networking, cloud computing, big data and artificial intelligence mature, server demand for high performance, high capacity, low power consumption, low-time chip demand will increase significantly.
We are making great efforts to promote China’s national strategy for the manufacture of 2025, smart manufacturing, etc., and to develop a new generation of information technology industries and accelerate the development of information technology in the fields of health care, transport, government, etc., which will further stimulate the rapid growth of server demand. According to research data from Sadie, in 2017, the market for servers in China reached 280.81 million, with sales of 66.880 billion yuan, an increase of 15.6 per cent compared to the same period in 2016.
The growth in the market size of the memory interface chip, which is the core logical device of the server memory module, depends largely on the water level of the server ' s output. And, as the load capacity of the server ' s data storage and processing continues to increase, the number of configured memory in the server will continue to increase, so that future growth in the memory interface chip will far exceed the growth of the server market.
2.3 Supply-side analysis: The company is one of the only three suppliers worldwide, and industry leadership has been determined. Currently, there are only three companies globally engaged in R & D and in the production of memory interface chips for servers, which are contributing to technology, idt, and Rambus.
The global mainstream memory, server and cloud computing areas account for a major share of the international market. Overall, the corporate and idt memory interface chip areas are relatively close to production rates, and the Rambus ratio is relatively small.
Founded in 1980 and based in the United States, the idt idt is a company that provides a combination signal semiconductor solution for the communications, computer and consumer industries with products such as ddr3 and ddr4lrdim storage interface solutions.
The company collected $70,458.70 million in the first three quarters of the 2019s, resulting in a net profit of $8,782.6 million, of which $20,067.87 million was earned in the memory interface chip area, representing about 30 per cent of the revenue.
Rambus was founded in 1990 and is based in the United States and is a technology solutions research and development company, providing simultaneously secure R & D, advanced led recruitment equipment and monitors, and products and services in the field of authentic mobile media. According to the three-quarters report of Rambus 2018, it achieved operating income of $1,663.8 million in the first three quarters and a net profit of $155.93.9 million.
3. The project will further enhance the core competitiveness of the company and further enhance the core competitiveness of the company, as follows:
Project to upgrade the technology of the server cpu and its platform: technological upgrade of the company ' s capture server cpu and its platform, including upgrading of the computing processor and hybrid safe memory modules. Artificial intelligence chip development project: building on the technology and talent base of the company in the field of high-speed, low-power, memory system chip design
Because the design industry is a light asset industry, and because companies have been profitable in recent years, we have used pe and ps to value technology in relative valuations. Select from a share a comparable company that is close to the main business, with the same business model, with a similar collection size, to calculate its average market.
The surplus and the market sales rate, multiplied by the net profits and operating income of the company, respectively, are valued by the company, and we use the Wind data system to screen out three comparable companies, namely UV (002049.sz), top technology (603160.sh) and monetized innovation (603986.sh).
The net profit returns are based on performance forecasts or consistent wind forecasts. The surcharges and market sales rates can be expected to add up to 52,554 million yuan and 21,338 million yuan, respectively, so that the market value of the build-up is expected to be no less than $21,338 million.