The company provides chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, memory interface chips, snags.
The company has a number of patents and technology leads in the area of high-end memory interface chips. The company ' s performance grew rapidly in 2016-2018, when it earned $1.76 billion in operating income, a 43 per cent increase over the same period.
The ratio reached 99.49 per cent; the company achieved a net return profit of $740 million, an increase of 112 per cent over the same period.2 Core technology and R & D inputs: R & D inputs are relatively high.
With regard to autonomous intellectual property, the company currently has a number of patents. As of 1 April 2019, the Department had 90 domestic and foreign patents mandated and 39 certificates for integrated circuit layout design.
3. The location of the industrial chain and competitors: the top three of the global ddr4 memory interface chip shares.
The rest of the chain is entrusted to the crystal circle manufacturing enterprise, the sealing and testing enterprise, and the company acquires the finished chip after testing and sells it to the customer.4 The owners and key shareholders are relatively decentralized, non-consumptive shareholders and actual controllers.
The division has been reformed in the form of shares, with a fragmented equity structure, with no controlling shareholders and no real owners. The CIP holds 15.9% of the shares, the company’s first shareholder. The second largest shareholder is IntelCapital, with 10.0% of the other shareholders, with a large number of shareholders.
Sexual risk: higher concentration of clients: single risk in product structure: raw material supply and price risk: controlling shareholder control and lack of physical control of human risk.
(i) The company's main business provides chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the main products currently include memory interface chips, a Jinn capture server cpu, and a mixed security memory module. The company's products are widely used in data.
In 2016, 2017, 2017, and 2018, the company achieved sales revenues of $84,946,000, $122,75149 million and 99.49 per cent of sales of memory interface chips.
The memory interface chip is the server cpu's access to the memory data. The main role is to increase the speed and stability of the memory data access and to meet the server's high capacity demand for the memory module.
The difficulty and ecological access threshold is due to the fact that memory interface chips need to be matched to the various memory particles and memory modules produced by the memory manufacturer, and to be fully certified by the server cpu, memory and oem manufacturers for their functionality and performance (e.g. stability, speed of operation and power consumption) in order to enter the bulk procurement phase.
Figure 2: Maps for memory interface chip use The X-ray server platform is a secure, controlled and credible server platform for high-demand scenarios for data security. The service server platform is mainly a combination of technology-based capture server cpu and technology-owned intellectual property security.
(ii) Core corporate technologies and R & D inputs Core technological aspects. Companies have their own integrated circuit design platforms, including digital signal processing technologies, memory management and data buffers, and design schemes are highly integrated and can effectively improve system energy efficiency and product performance.
The global buffer 1+9 architecture was adopted by jedec as an international standard for ddr4lrdim, and companies were also honoured with the Shanghai Technology Inventorial Award of 2019 and the National Enterprise Technology Centre of 2018. The company’s core technology was based entirely on autonomous intellectual property rights, breaking a number of key technological barriers.
The share of R & D costs has remained stable for almost two years, with the company's share of R & D costs remaining stable for almost two years.
(iii) Profit model and competitive advantage analysis. Corporate models for integrated circuit design, with a focus on the design and marketing of the integrated circuit industry. The rest of the chain is entrusted to the Crystal Circle manufacturer, the sealing and testing firm for the company to obtain the test chip product.
In this model, companies build crystalline production lines at no cost and are able to take full advantage of technology and quickly develop products. The integrated circuit design companies that use this model also include high-teaching, Qinghua-violet displays, etc. The company’s core strengths are mainly in terms of technology and customer resources.
Road design platform. Includes digital signal processing technology, memory management and data buffer technology, analogue circuit design technology, high-speed and interface circuit design technology, and low-power design technology, with high programme integration and efficient system efficiency and product performance.
In terms of brands and customer resources, the company has evolved and settled over 10 years into a well-known international chip design company. The company’s memory interface chip, widely recognized by the market and industry, has become a major global provider of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions in ddr2 to ddr4.
One. There are currently three major producers of ddr4 memory interfaces in the global market, namely, technology, idt, and Rambus. In the overall market, technology and idt have a relatively close market share of memory interface chips in 2018, with a relatively small share.
The company ' s equity structure is fragmented, with no controlling shareholders and no actual controlling person following the reform of the stock system. The CIP holds 15.90% of the shares, the company ' s first shareholder. The second largest shareholder is intelcapital, at 10.00%, and the other shareholders are second, the current state of the industry and the pattern of competition.
(i) Integrated circuits are the foundation of the information industry, which is a weak enterprise design, and the integrated circuit industry, which, as the foundation of the global information industry, has developed over 60 years, has become the cornerstone of innovation in electronic information technology. The integrated circuit industry consists mainly of integrated circuit design, manufacturing and seal testing, which are capital- and technology-intensive.
Intra-industry industries, firms generally have strong technological R & D capabilities, financial power, customer resources, and industrial chain integration capabilities. According to the American Semiconductor Association, the total revenue of the integrated circuit industry was $412.2 billion in 2017, an increase of 21.6 per cent over 2016, with the United States semiconductor market growing by 35 per cent, the fastest growing market globally.
The market for the integrated circuits sector was concentrated, with 58.4 per cent of the world ' s top 10 manufacturing markets in 2017 and an overall increase of 32 per cent over 2016. The integrated circuit industry was divided into three main components: integrated circuit design, integrated circuit manufacturing, and integrated circuit seal testing, Māori.
The difference is more marked at the level of the rate, where the Māori ratio of the integrated circuit design company is usually around 40%, that of the crystal round manufacturing public sector is around 30%, and the Māori rate of the encapsulation test group is only about 20%. The proportion of the integrated circuit industry structure in the mainland region has yet to be adjusted compared to the international level. Integrated circuit design is generally scarce, with an industry of 20.7 billion yuan in 2017.
30.50 per cent of global market size. (ii) Servers support cloud computing and the development of artificial intelligence applications. From the integrated circuit industry, many innovative, time-bound applications such as pc, the Internet, smartphones, digital images, clouds have emerged
Calculating, big data, artificial intelligence, etc. The infrastructure of the cloud computing and artificial intelligence industries is a server, while the two core components of the server are cpu and dram memory. The memory interface chips in the company’s products are now directed to the dram storage market: the capture server platform is directly facing the server sales market, and the terminal customers cover the cloud computing and artificial intelligence industries.
So the company provides chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, while occupying two broad lanes, the former memory interface chip product directly directed to the demam market, which is broken down in the memory, and the main customer covering the market, the international flagship. Global storage sales reached $124 billion in 2017, an increase of 61.5 per cent, of which the dram
Sales amounted to $72 billion, a 76.8 per cent increase over 2016, with the top three sectors in the dram market in the three quarters of 2018, with a combined market share of more than 90 per cent and a high downstream concentration of storage units.
Ddr (double rate of doobledarate) is the dominant technology in the 21st century. With the rapid diffusion of a large number of new technologies, such as data, cloud computing, the demand for servers increases and drives the upgrading and replacement of memory and memory interface technology.
Starting with the ddr4 generation memory technology, the newest memory technology, unlike the previous application of desktop computers, has changed to the first application on the server. The current ddr4 memory technology is mature and the latest generation of ddr5 is about to move, and the memory interface chip has a high technical threshold in the integrated circuit design industry. The memory interface chip is designed to solve the suit.
The high processing speed of the instrument cpu does not match the storage speed of the memory with good prospects for development. The industry initially attracted a large number of major producers in the industry, with more than 10 industry participants in the ddr2 phase. With the development of technology and the demand for a more refined division of labour, industry concentration has gradually increased, and by the ddr3 stage, industry's main players have significantly decreased.
The former global market could provide three major producers of ddr4 memory interface chips, one for technology, the other for idt, and the other for Rambus. According to the idt and Rambus report, the size of the global RAM chip market was approximately $570 million in 2018.
The income from chip operations is expected to increase faster. According to the gartner report, the global expenditure of $3.5 trillion on IT in 2017, and the market size of cloud computing as a share of it spending has increased rapidly, and is expected to reach 9.25 per cent in 2019. The global cloud computing model will reach $260.2 billion in 2017, and is expected to reach $411.4 billion in 2020, or 16.5 per cent at a compound rate.
The physical basis for the calculation is US$ 53.470 billion in 2017. Cisco projects that by 2021 there will be more than 600 large global numbers, with 53% of servers installed, 69% of computing capacity, 65% of volume storage capacity, and 55% of data flow. We are currently promoting China’s production of 2025, intelligent government, intelligent transportation, intelligent medicine, and intelligence.
(iii) The financial situation and the fund-raising programme have created a large space in the domestic server market as a result of the growing demand for products and services using advanced technological innovations such as cloud computing, big data, ai, etc.
(i) Main financial indicators, we assume p = total market value expected to raise funds/total equity expected to be released. eps = net profit/total equity expected to be released,
p = total market value/net profit after collection of funds, pb = total market value/net assets after collection of funds (ii) fund mobilization plan
The funding for R & D and industrialization projects amounts to $101,785,000, or 44.25%.
The semiconductor industry applies to pe method valuations. No company in the integrated circuit design industrya has developed and sold the same products as its own company. The comparable companies selected by the domestic listed companies are top technology (603160) and monetized innovation (603986), although they are not identical in end-use applications, upstream and downstream segmentation of market conditions, and competitive conditions, but they operate according to the rules.
Models and business models, for example, are comparable, with foreign companies choosing industry leader Rambus.