CMB International Global Markets | Equity Research | Company Update
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Hikvision (002415 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
On the right track of recovery
Target Price
RMB45.08
(Previous TP
RMB57.10)
Up/Downside
+34.9%
resurgence in China, 2) lower GPM and 3) higher R&D. Key highlights include
Current Price
RMB33.41
strong innovative/ overseas businesses growth (+26% YoY/ +19% YoY
China Software & IT Services
respectively) despite macro headwinds. We expect gradual recovery in FY2H22E
Marley Ngan
(prior RMB57.10) to reflect lower margin and higher R&D. Hikvision is trading at
2-SD below three-year mean and we think the share price has already priced in
the heightened geopolitical risk. Maintain BUY.
Bowen Li
FY2Q22 weakness largely priced-in. Hikvision delivered a weak, yet largely
anticipated, FY2Q22 results with revenue of RMB20.7bn (+4% YoY) and net
resurgence in China, 2) lower GPM (-3.3 pts YoY to 42.7%) given more low-
Stock Data
margin construction/implementation work (GPM: 17.5% in FY1H22 vs. 29.0%
in FY1H21) and 3) higher R&D of RMB2.6bn (+19% YoY, +26% QoQ).
■ Expect gradual recovery in FY2H22E with continuous business
transformations. Traditional surveillance business grew +6.8% YoY to
RMB30.3bn in FY1H22, largely driven by strong overseas sales of RMB9.7bn
Shareholding Structure
(+19% YoY). Business in China was affected by lockdowns in Mar-May
although Jun sales recovered slightly, according to management. We are
positive on continuous business transformations including 1) innovative
Source: Bloomberg
business segment delivered steady growth of +26% YoY to RMB7bn in
FY1H22 despite macro headwinds and 2) overseas business growth
Share Performance
momentum reflects Hikvision hardly-replicable advantages (i.e. technology,
supply chain, sales network etc.) in global market.
Preparing for heightened geopolitical risk with increasing R&D and high
Source: Bloomberg
inventory strategy. Business recovery is still uneasy with rising geopolitical
risk and COVID-19 uncertainties in China. Hikvision has maintained a high
12-mth Price Performance
inventory strategy (+37% YoY) to minimize the impacts from supply chain
disruption. Also, Hikvision R&D has reached a new level (RMB2.6bn in
FY2Q22, +19% YoY). This will drive innovative business growth (smart home/
robotics/ thermal etc.) and hence better revenue mix in the long term.
Maintain BUY. We revised down FY22-24E net profit by 3-7% to reflect lower
gross margin and higher R&D. Maintain BUY with new target price of
RMB45.08 (prior RMB57.10). Key downside risk includes new U.S. sanction.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Deloitte
Related Reports
China Al- "Smart city bidding to
(link)
Hikvision (002415 CH) - "Short
term margin pain amid business
(link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
FY2Q22 results review
Revenue was RMB20,736mn (+4% YoY, +26% QoQ), missing our estimate by
6% and consensus by 9%.
Gross profit was RMB8,851mn (-3% YoY, +23% QoQ), missing our estimate by
12% and consensus by 13%.
Gross margin was 42.7%, (-3.3 pct pts YoY, -1.0 pct pts QoQ), below our
estimate by 2.7 pct pts and consensus by 2.1 pct pts.
Operating profit was RMB2,855mn (-27% YoY, +12% QoQ), missing our
estimate by 27%.
Operating margin was 13.8% (-5.8 pct pts YoY, -1.7 pct pts QoQ), below our
estimate by 4.0 pct pts.
Net profit was RMB3,475mn (-19% YoY, +52% QoQ), below our estimate by
12% and consensus by 18%
EPS was RMB0.37 (-20% YoY, +51% QoQ), below our estimate by 12% and
consensus by 10%.
Figure 7: FY2Q22 results review
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
FY1H22 breakdown
Revenue was RMB37,258mn (+9.9% YoY)
Core business: RMB30,250 (+6.8% YoY)
PBG: RMB6,975mn (-1.4% YoY)
EBG: RMB6,831mn (+2.6% YoY)
SMBG: RMB6,286mn (+4.0% YoY)
Constructions: RMB884mn (+115.0% YoY)
Overseas: RMB9,686mn (+18.9% YoY)
Innovative business: RMB7,008mn (+25.6% YoY)
Smart home: RMB1,960mn (+4.7% YoY)
Robotics: RMB1,766mn (+44.8% YoY)
Thermal imaging: RMB1,360mn (+32.2% YoY)
HikAuto: RMB824mn (+49.2% YoY)
Storage: RMB728mn (+7.1% YoY)
Others: RMB369mn (+63.5% YoY)
Gross margin was 43.1%, (-3.2 pct pts YoY)
Core products and services: 44.6% (-2.9 pct pts YoY)
Constructions: 17.5% (-11.5 pct pts YoY)
Innovative business: 40.2% (-1.4 pct pts YoY)
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM, Bloomberg
Operating model
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
Hikvision (002415 CH, BUY, TP RMB45.08)
We revised down our target price to RMB45.08 (prior RMB57.10), based on lowered 20x
FY23E P/E, 1-SD below its 3-year mean. We think current valuation over-reacted to
potential U.S. sanctions. Hikvision's continuous R&D and business diversification should
drive re-rating.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc..,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.