Qingdao Port (601298.sh) incident review: reorganization to cash acquisition, ps increase or better than original scheme: Qingdao Port (601298.sh) issue a public offer to adjust the original reorganization programme and link the transaction
The plan is to withdraw the original reorganization programme and to stop buying 53.88 per cent of the joint pipeline, 51 per cent of the joint pipeline, and 100 per cent of the share of the oil company and 50 per cent of the direct interest in the joint pipeline by issuing shares for the purchase of assets.
:: 100 per cent equity in Daylight Oil Terminals Ltd. (oil companies): the target is mainly for liquids, bulk port handling and tank storage, 5.72 per cent in 2023, and the purchase price is 2,838 million yuan, 19.68 times the price for pe and 1.13 times the price for pb.
50% share in Sunshine Crude Oil Terminal Co. Ltd. (Sunsday Real): Principally engaged in liquid bulk port handling operations, 12.52% in 2023, purchase value of 1,791 million years as a simulation basis, company pss increased after the initial calculation of the original restructuring programme was completed
Once the deal is completed, the oil company will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, and the business will become a joint venture.
Qingdao Port (601298.sh) Tri-quarter reporting point 2024 Quality Liquid Bulk Terminal Assets Injection Company, Hong Kong Group, which facilitates the performance of related operations
In the same vein, optimize the allocation of port resources in Shandong Province, improve the integrated use of port resources, avoid waste of resources, reduce competition among peers and safeguard the interests of companies and shareholders.
Reorganization program accepted, progress sequenced Profit projection and investment rating: not taking into account the impact of this reorganization, we expect the company to be 2024 \triangleright
Qingdao Port (601298.sh) semi-annual 2024 Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. Risk factors: port integration advanced less than expected; container throughput was less than expected; liquid bulk
Grand traffic areas such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, air and sea transport, 2021-2022, 2022.
This year, I joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc., and in the courier, logistics, road, etc. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.