Qingdao Port (601298.sh) 2024 Annual Report Review: Mothers' Net Profit + 6.33%, Extension of Pre-Ring Policy Event: Qingdao Harbour (601298.sh) issues its annual report for 2024.
Containers: segment performance was 32 per cent, 26.5 per cent higher than the same year, benefiting mainly from the export of heavy tanks The fourth quarter of the year achieved a standard box of 8.04 million, an increase of 4.69 per cent compared to the previous quarter The dry bulk: segment performance was 9.2 per cent, an increase of 2.5 per cent compared to the same period, benefiting mainly from the Dong family
(a) \triangleright dry bulk bulk throughput: 252 million tons in 2024, an increase of 3.5 per cent compared with the previous year, with priority progress: an increase of 3 million tons through joint marketing with the railway sector;
Development of value-added services such as blending and sifting through hardware advantages such as marinas, dumps, etc., enhanced Qingdao Port (601298.sh) 2024 performance Quick Report: 2404 net profit to mother + 15%, heavy export
Liquid bulk goods: branch performance was 28.4 per cent, a decline of 16.4 per cent compared to the same period, largely influenced by the international situation and competition in the market, with lower rates of start-up at the superbing mills.
Qingdao Port (601298.sh) Tri-quarter 2024.
Assessment: q3 deducting non-mortality net profit + 9 per cent, resulting in 1 million tons of investment earnings; landing 1.4 million cubic metres of warehousing operations; launching new operations such as bond crude oil blending, international transit, etc., with a cumulative increase of 940,000 tons.
Sinda Securities Inc. (SCS) Divide: Continues the pre-segregation policy and maintains a high-segreties capability.
In Beijing, the Golden House No. 127, Wumen West Street, Beijing, on 28th of July, the collection rate was 3.3 per cent, with multiple dividends of no less than 40 per cent of the distributed profits.
\triangleright Risk factors: port integration progresses below expectations; container throughput falls short of expectations; liquid bulk cargo major areas of transport such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, new wealth in 2021/2022, 2022
This year, I joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc., and in the courier, logistics, road, etc. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.