+ 15 per cent net profit from repatriation, and export heavy tank growth supporting performance: Qingdao Port (601298.sh) issued a 2024 performance report, with business performance: steady increases in throughput and quarterly improvements in container throughput.
767, 815 and Qingdao Port (601298.sh) incident evaluations in the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively: Reorganization camp performance increased robustly, mainly as a result of the increased volume of export heavy tank operations from container blocks while at the same time
The logistics section has benefited from increased container traffic, leading to the growth of stations and agency operations. Qingdao Port (601298.sh) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2024.
Comment: q3 deducting non-mother ' s net profit + 9%, investment return \triangleright   Qingdao Port (601298.sh) incident review: significant
Risk factors: port integration is advancing less than expected; container throughput is less than expected; liquid bulk cargo
Itd gold tower No. 127 Wumenxi Street, West Town, Beijing.
Major areas of transport, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, were covered by new wealth flows in 2021 and 2022, and joined in 2022 to study the aviation, airport and other sectors, including couriers, logistics and roads.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.