As soon as the Joaquin Electronics team went into the Cores, 86 pcb heads focused on the development of high-level products, the deep-feeding one developed a new wave, and the deep-seated stock (002938.sz) was reported.
Ratings: Increase-a (maintenance) build a one-stop platform for a full-scale pcb product, focusing on the high-level product occupation of the ai technological highlands: the company ' s product range covers a wide range of products such as fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflex, and creates a full-scale one-stop service platform for a pcb product, the world ' s largest pcb producer for the seventh consecutive year in 2017-2023.
Technology with a potential future market to capture technological high ground for the development of the ai industry benefits significantly from the development of new dynamic energy brought about by the ai wave. The company’s pcb product can have a minimum aperture of 25 μm, a minimum line of 20 μm, and is driven by high-end hdi by high-level, high-level, high-frequency high-speed technology.
The upgrading of high-level products such as high-dispersive heat, fine circuits, etc., stimulates demand for high-level hdi and slp products; in addition, the trend towards thinning of folding screen products pushes demand for fpc and slp. 2) Servers: the market for related pcb products led by a suit server is growing rapidly, while pcb is expected to be significantly upgraded as the performance of the one server improves and pcb becomes more demanding. 3) Automobiles: with increased motorization, intelligenceization, network connectivity penetration, there is a need for pcb to achieve emerging demand for high-speed signal transmission, high-pressure temperature, interpersonal interaction and road/car interconnection outside the traditional car application landscape.
The company is deeply involved in the advanced development of leading international clients, keeping up with the cutting edge of technology. Through the Hdi and slp printed circuit boards of the three campuses, the company will achieve volume production on the 10th floor and above, and even on the any-layerhdi products, as well as on the minimum line width of the msap process, 20/20 mm, and the minimum aperture of 50 m.
As of 24h1, the first phase of the project had been completed, and the second phase was accelerating construction. On the one hand, the company promoted cooperation between the Huai An campus and the large domestic and foreign server plants, with a number of new customers now entering the certification, testing and sample stages, and on the other hand, accelerated the construction of the Thai campus in the direction of the top-level server product. The first phase of the new plant in Thailand is planned to be installed at the end of 2024, with 25h1 test products and 25h2 small batches.
One-stop service platform at pcb, with a forward-looking deployment of technology while accelerating production capacity-building, benefits significantly from the development of new energy generated by the wave. Continuously recommend and maintain an “uptake-a” rating. And the risk of price volatility, with a high concentration of risks.
As a result of the continuous expansion of the i product from the cloud to the end, the advent of the era of “everyone” has been accelerated, and a new wave of innovation will be injected into mature markets such as mobile phones and pc. Brands are accelerating the roll-out of the i terminal, which is represented by the i mobile phone and aipc, and the booming of the market for a new rotating machine is expected. It is expected to generate new growth momentum for industry development. In response to the demand for high-level hdi and slp products associated with the i-products, companies are actively developing technology for the expansion of the hdi and slp print circuits in the 3nd Huaan Park, while at the same time accelerating the promotion of the Hdi and slp print circuit extension projects.
In 2024-2026, we expect communications panels to generate $2437.960.588026 million, consumer electronic cars, server panels: companies speed up the opening of the market for cars and a server. Products such as company radar panels, autopilot control boards, etc. are growing in volume, working with a number of domestic Tier1 manufacturers, and obtaining certification from international Tier1 customers. The company is actively promoting cooperation between the Luan Park area and domestic and foreign servers, and many new customers are now entering the market for certification, testing and samples.
At the same time, the construction process in Thailand has been accelerated in the direction of a top-level server product. We expect the company’s vehicle and server board revenue to be 11.13/2433,447.27 million yuan in 2024-2026.
Pcb is focused on the development of high-level products, deep-beneficiaries a new wave of development, power-eradication recovery drives the pcb industry to warm, ai injects long-term growth dynamics, and deepens the competitive advantage of smartphones and consumer electronics.
Accelerating market expansion for automobiles and server product lines Overview: Global pcb taps pouring into a full-scale one-stop platform for pcb products, pcb taps focusing on advanced products, and the development of high-level products.
1.2 Development journey: the global landscape, oneaavary - stationary services for the benefit of a new wave of development 1.3 competitive advantages: five main advantages to build core competitiveness
1.4 Equity structure: the ultimate controlling party is the dominant, unincorporated, power loss recovery drives the pcb industry to warm up, ai injects a long, 1.5 equity incentive: new equity incentive scheme 2024 binds core technical staff
1.6 Management: A rich industry management experience and a global perspective Deepening smartphones and consumer electronics 1.7 research strategy: leading industry beyond client expectations
1.8.1 battalion collection: 24h1 battalion collection has steadily increased and 24h2 is running a good season of growth to accelerate market expansion for automobiles and server products
1.8.4 battalion collection structure: predominantly communications panels, high growth of motor vehicles and server panels 1.8.5 battalion collection structure: apples are the main customer, with a ratio of nearly 80 per cent 1.8.6 operating costs from the United States: direct materials are the main, and soft panels are the first major material.
*1.8.7 III: 2 per cent of the total 24h1 III, and the continuing decline in the ratio of financial costs, pcb is focused on the development of higher-grade products and depths of the new wave of beneficialai development
The recovery in electricity consumption is driving the pcb industry back to warmer, ai is injected into longer product advantages: a one-stop service platform for a full range of pcb products.
Deepening smartphones and consumer electronics 2.3 Thailand Park is an important hub for the company in South-East Asia, with an expected 25h1 test product 2.4pcb profile: mother of electronics, extensive application area
2.5pcb market: Regeneration of electricity consumption boosts the pcb industry, i.e. injects long-term growth dynamics, accelerates market expansion for automobiles and server products
2.6 market sizes for various types of pcb products will return to growth track in 2024 2.7 mainland China accounts for more than 50 per cent of the world ' s pcb output, long-trigonal/bead triangle products will be transformed into high-end 2.8 layers, with communications and computers being the top two applications
2.9 The global pcb market is not highly concentrated, with a large number of manufacturers focusing on the development of high-grade products and the depth of the new wave of beneficial development.
3.1 company products are dominated by smartphones, fpc technology leads the world by 3.2 apples using fpc, single machine fpc numbers and values gradually increasing \triangleright
Power loss recovery drives the pcb industry to warm, ai to inject long, 3.3ai to drive high-level hdi and slp demand, companies to pre-position relevant technologies and accelerate production capacity building. 3.4 The main panel uses stacked structures to solve the difficulties of increasing spatial and interconnectivity density.
Deepening smartphones and consumer electronics 3.5slp further fine-tuning lines to meet the demand for high-end products 3.6 folding screen thinning trends are clear, pushing up fpc and slp demand
Apple 3.7 is both a client and a supplier.
3.8ai support for the recovery of the power-removement industry, where companies have had strong market/size advantages for years of deep farming 3.9 wearables: fpc is widely applied by bendable properties, hdi support mini-design 3.10ar/vr:ar or the best carrier for ai, with a potential market volume of hundreds of millions of glasses in 2028
3.11 messages: Lightly thinised design with high performance requirements to boost hdi, slp demand pcb head to focus on the development of higher-grade products at depths of benefit a new wave of development
The recovery in electricity consumption is driving the pcb industry back to heat, the ai is injected into the long, the 4.1 server/storage, car electrons are expected to be a strong growth engine for pcb. 4.2 Cars: there has been a marked increase in the use of new energy vehicles pcb
4.3fpc ' s largest increase in vehicle-borne areas is power cell fpc Deepening smartphones and consumer electronics
Accelerating the growth of automobile and server products 4.6gpu integration leads to the expansion of the market for the i-server pcb output several times over the normal server line.
4.7gb200nvl72 pcb with a huge amount of 4.8 light module: Slp with lower losses and higher line density is expected to be widely applied pcb headlines focusing on advanced products, depths and depths.
A new wave of benefits, a recovery in power loss, a return to the pcb industry, a longer one, deeper smartphones and consumer electronics.
Accelerating market expansion for automobiles and server products
5.2 Comparison of corporate valuations and investment proposals Overview: Global pcb taps are immersed in a one-stop platform for all-round pcb products, pcb taps are focused on advanced products,
1.2 Development journey: the global landscape, oneaavary - stationary services for the benefit of a new wave of development 1.3 competitive advantages: five main advantages to build core competitiveness
1.4 Equity structure: the ultimate controlling party is the dominant, unincorporated, power loss recovery drives the pcb industry to warm up, ai injects a long, 1.5 equity incentive: new equity incentive scheme 2024 binds core technical staff
1.6 Management: A rich industry management experience and a global perspective Deepening smartphones and consumer electronics 1.7 research strategy: leading industry beyond client expectations
1.8.1 battalion collection: 24h1 battalion collection has steadily increased and 24h2 is running a good season of growth to accelerate market expansion for automobiles and server products
1.8.4 battalion collection structure: predominantly communications panels, high growth of motor vehicles and server panels 1.8.5 battalion collection structure: apples are the main customer, with a ratio of nearly 80 per cent 1.8.6 operating costs from the United States: direct materials are the main, and soft panels are the first major material.
1.1 Overview: Global pcb taps poured into a one-stop platform for a full range of pcb products The company is a major professional for a small number of countries around the world with various types of pcb research and development, design, manufacturing and marketing services at the same time
Models with high quality and diverse pcb product lines covering a wide range of products such as fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rpcb, rigidflex, and widely applied to telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics and computer-type products, as well as products such as automobiles and ai servers, high-speed computers, etc., with a full range of products for different customers
According to the Chinese Electronic Circuit Association (cpca), the company ranked first in China for many years in a row. Meanwhile, the company ranked the world’s pcb company in revenue terms for seven consecutive years, 2017-2023, according to Prismark.
The company’s pcb products can be divided into communication boards, consumer electronics panels, automobiles/services, and other panels, depending on the area of downstream applications. The company’s pcb products are mainly used for communications products such as mobile phones, routers, and switches, and are used for communication products.
Figure: Main products and important uses of the company, main products and important uses
Communications boards include, in particular, various types of printed circuit boards on products such as mobile phones, routers and switches, including main panels, boards, microphone models.
Multiple types of products such as assembly panels, antenna panels, camera panels, icm panels and fingerprint recognition panels.
Consumption of electronics and billing computers, wearable devices, games and smart home devices, etc., which are related to current-generation consumer life, recreation and interest, downstream consumer electronics, and motor vehicle/server panels and other panels used mainly for conventional and electric power.
The board and other industries, such as slabs, servers, high-speed computing computers, etc. 1.2 Development journeys: global layout, one-stop service, one-stop service, pebble holding shares, were created by a change in the whole of Sunny Precision Component (Henry).
Founded on 29 April 1999 and located on 18 September 2018 at the Deephead Company's manufacturing base in Shenzhen, Qin Royal Island, Huaan, India, with a service radius covering mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, the United States.
High-speed, high-quality, low-cost and high-value-added pcb design, development, manufacturing and marketing services for global clients have become one of the most influential manufacturers in the industry, for example in Viet Nam.
One-stop service at Penangoneavary, from a full range of client and supplier cooperation, product and technology development, collusive design, simulation, testing and trust certification, upgrading the capacity of the technology platform and actively integrating internal and external resources.
The depth and breadth of technology development is enhanced. In external resources, companies work with production research to deepen their farming processes and develop skilled people to learn how to use them and channel advanced technology into the industry. At the same time, companies actively work with suppliers to develop customers.
Technology and materials for the product. In terms of internal resources, the company optimizes the product development process by designing and imitating it to provide product solutions to its customers. 1.3 Competitive advantages: five advantages are highly competitive in core.
Corporate core competitiveness can be summarized as product advantage (building a one-stop service platform for the full range of pcb products), customer advantage (services international leading brand customers and electronic surrogates), technology advantage (participating countries)
The forward development of leading international clients, close to the technological frontier, management advantages (good business ideas and experienced management teams) and environmental excellence (good and forward-looking environmental layouts) are five main areas.
In terms of technical strength, the minimum aperture of the company ' s products can reach 0.025 mm, the minimum linear width can reach 0.020 mm, and are high-end on products such as 800 g light modules, high-speed ai mainframe, ultra thin smart board, etc.
Pcb product and process capabilities developed and already industrialised. Figure: Companies actively promote recycling of key raw materials 1.4 Equity structure: ultimate controlling party with no real control.
According to the company’s semi-annual report of 2024, the shares held directly by the company’s two former shareholders, US Harbour Industries and CFI, were 66.17% and 5.71%, respectively, and both companies were wholly-owned subsidiaries controlled indirectly by the firm’s dominant holdings, so the company eventually controlled the holdings. The company had no real control, and therefore no real control.
The Honghai Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary Foxconn (fareast) Limited is the first major shareholder in the company’s indirect controlling shareholders. Like Ping Ding Dynasty, Proximity Technology (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd. and Shin Fung Telecommunications Ltd. are controlled by Ping Dynasty Dynasty Ltd. Special attention is paid to the high-level semiconductor enveloped base plate, which currently operates at the abf board plant in Shenzhen (first stage in 2023) and the bt board plant on Qin Dynasty (the main product is fc-csp/wb-cb-sp/memory), the first phase in 2022.
In April 2021, and August 2024, respectively, the restricted stock incentive scheme was set up. The 2024 equity incentive scheme involved a total of 388 persons.
With regard to the evaluation targets, since the company ' s 2021 equity incentive scheme is still open for two periods, the new stock incentive scheme must not be lower than the previous open incentive test target, and therefore the 2024/2025 collection target for the 2024 equity incentive plan is the same as the previous one. In addition, the 2024 equity incentive scheme added a weighted average net asset return rate as the test indicator.
1.6 Management: A rich industry management experience and a global perspective 1.7 Scientific research strategy: leading industry development beyond client expectations Companies follow three broad R & D strategy directions: short-term client demand, medium-term over customer demand, long-term innovation
The company attaches great importance to research and development, and has a research and development centre in Shenzhen City.
At the same time, the company has continued to promote the exchange of strategic partners in the industrial chain to promote technology integration, process development and process implementation, and the creation of a pcb technology platform.
As of 24h1, the company had accumulated 1,355 domestic and foreign patents. With the warming of the downstream consumer electronics industry and the new wave of the technological revolution represented by the one, the company was pushing ahead with the industry.
The opening opportunity saw a steady increase in the 24h1 crop, a 13.12 billion yuan increase of 13.79% over the same year. The company stated that, given the distribution of the company's revenues in the past quarter, we believe that 24q3/q4 receipts are expected to increase by the ring.
Reconfirmed, and we therefore believe that the 24h2 Māori ratio is expected to be repaired. 1.8.4 battalion collection structure: communications board, high growth in cars, servers, telecommunications board and consumer electronics and computer panels: 24h1 brands speed up the introduction of ai end product, represented by ai mobile phone and aipc, a booming mobile phone market, a new round of industrial innovation.
By the end of the cycle, it is expected to bring new growth dynamics to the industry. The company has prepared the relevant technology ahead of schedule, and, in response to the demand for production of high-level hdi and slp products such as the one related to the one, it has accelerated the promotion of the high-level hdi and slp printed circuit board expansion project at the three campuses. As of 24h1, the first phase of the project is in production, the second phase is in the process of being accelerated, and it is expected that the completion of the project will further increase the company’s market position in the high-level hdi and slp product areas.
Automobiles, server panels: The company actively captures the market demand for pcb as a result of the rapid development of the ai server and smart car. In the area of product development, the 24h1 company radar algorithms have been growing in volume with autopilot area control plate products, which have been working with a number of domestic Tier1 manufacturers and have been certified by international Tier1 customers, and are expected to start output at 24h2. In the area of servers, thanks to a significant increase in the volume of cargo originating from the ai server, 24h1 company-related business products have grown significantly; on the one hand, the company has promoted a large increase in production in the Luan Park area and domestic and foreign servers.
The company’s collaboration, which is now entering the certification, testing, and sample stages, has accelerated the construction of the Thai park in the direction of the top-level server product. 1.8.5 Camp structure: Apple is the main customer, with nearly 80% of the United States company’s revenue coming from the United States.
The apples are the company's main client:
In 2023, the company's top client, sales, accounted for 1.8.6 per cent of the company's annual sales cost: direct materials dominated, and soft panels were the top material.
Corporate operating costs are direct costs for manufacturing, up from year to year, 2023.
fccl, hardboard (ccl), film (pp) and gold salt.
Flexible base material procurement in 2023 at a rate of 20 per cent and 1.8.7 per cent: total 24h133 at 2 per cent and financial cost at a continuing decline
The sales cost as a percentage of revenue has remained stable, the management cost as a percentage of revenue has increased in recent years, and the financial cost as a percentage of revenue has continued to decline. Marketing costs: 2024h1 sales cost is 92 million yuan, an increase of 8.02 per cent, a rise of 0.70 per cent, an increase of 0.06 percentage points, a rise of 0.06 percentage points, a rise of 35.50 per cent, a rise in remuneration costs for mainly employees, a rise of 0.47 billion yuan.
Pcb's head is focused on the development of high-grade products, the depths, the benefits of a new wave of development.
2.1 Product Strength: a one-stop service platform for a full range of pcb products
2.3 Thailand Parks, a key position for the company in South-East Asia, is expected to be 25h1 test products 2.4pcb profile: mother of electronics, extensive application area 2.5pcb market: power outage recovery drives the pcb industry to warm and ai injects long-term growth kinetic energy
Accelerating market expansion for automobiles and server products.
2.7 The mainland of China accounts for more than 50 per cent of the world's pcb output, the long-triangular/bead triangle product transformation is highly sophisticated 2.8 layers, and communications and computers are the first two applications. 2.9 The global pcb market is less concentrated and has a large number of manufacturers.
2.1 Product Strength: A one-stop platform for a full-scale pcb product: The company built a full-scale pcb product-post service platform. According to Prismark data, the company ranked the largest in the world for seven consecutive years, from 2017 to 2023.
Wearabledevice, Inc., for a small number of products with various pcbs at the same time on a global scale, designs, manufactures, automotive
Large, professional vendor for sales and services with a high quality and diversity of pcb product lines, mainly tablet rigid
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices.
The product range covers a wide range of products such as rpcb, fpc, sma, slp, hdi, miniled, rigidflex and is widely applied to telecommunications electronics, consumer electronics and rpcb
sma avary computer-type products, as well as products such as automobiles and ai servers, high-speed computers, etc.
slpLed Builds the power of different clients to provide a full range of e-connected products and services
The screen hdi provides a one-stop service platform for the full range of pcb products.
Depending on the area of downstream applications, companies ' pcb products can be divided into communication panels, consumption switch electronic panels, automobiles/servers and other panels.
The global landscape continues to grow, with capital expenditure projected at 3.3 billion yuan in 2024.
The company’s manufacturing bases are located in Shenzhen, Qin Royal Island, Huai An, India, and its services include mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, the United States and Viet Nam.
In 2024, the company expected to spend 3.3 billion yuan on capital, mainly on the high-high-end soft-board projects in Taiwan, the high-level hdi and slp projects in Huai An and the Thai automobile and server projects.
The annual production of 52,675 million square feet of high hdi and slp printed circuit boards will help the company to achieve mass output of products from 10 floors and above, and even from any-layer hdi, and the minimum linear width/wire distance based on the msap process
20 μm of slp products. Once the project is completed, the company can add a high hdi and slp annual capacity of 52,675 million square feet. 2.3 Thailand Parks are an important base for the company in South-East Asia and are expected to test 25h1
Thailand’s new plant in Bazin Province plans to invest $250 million in high-level server/car-borne/light communication-related applications to provide high-level rpcb/hdi products. The first phase, currently planned, is expected to be installed at the end of 2024, with 25h1 trial and 25h2 bulk production.
The company locates high-end markets in the area of automobiles, including domain controllers, millimetre wave radars, laser radars, etc., and in the area of servers, the company locates the ai server. The Thai National Production and Postnatal Company is expected to make a smooth transition to more top overseas customers.
2.4 pcb Profile: Mother of electronics, wide range of applications Table: pcb classification by product structure Table: pcb classification by conductive graphic layer
Printed circuit boards, pcb (printedcircuitboard) are intended on the common base
A printing board to account for inter-point connections and printed components whose main function is to make various electronic zero components generate predefined electrical power.
pcb is the "mother of an electronic product." Table: pcb is classified according to the material of the plate.
The vast majority of electronic equipment and products are equipped with printed circuit boards, which are supplied for the stationary assembly of various electronic components.
for the production of electrical features required for the production, production and use of electrical materials
Quality has a direct impact on the stability and useful life of electronics, and Pcb products are classified in a variety of ways.
The main classifications used in the industry are classified by the number of lead graphic layers, by the material of the panels, and by the product stream.
2.5pcb market: The recovery in electricity consumption has contributed to the warming of the pcb sector, the infusion of ai into long-term growth dynamics, the recovery in 2024 in consumer electronics has contributed to the warming of the pcb sector, while the wave has created an unprecedented driving force for innovation in the electronics sector and has brought about a recovery in the pcb sector.
New drivers. According to Prismark, the total output of the pcb sector in 2024 was US$ 73,026 million. In the medium- and long-term, ai-driven downstream demand growth will continue to boost high-end pcb demand, such as high-frequency high-speed, hdi, enveloped boards, etc., as the main driving force for pcb growth.
High-end products such as base panels, hdi panels, 18 floors and above will remain relative to the market size of 2.6 types of pcb products, which will return to growth in 2024.
In 2023 ~ 2028, cagr accounted for more than 50% of pcb output worldwide, and the trans-shipment of long-triangular/bead triangle products into high-end industries became the world’s largest pcb manufacturing base.
The global pcb capacity began to shift to mainland China, where in 2006 more than Japan became the world's largest pcb manufacturing base, rising from year to year and remaining at 54% water level after 2019. In 2023, China's total pcb output was $37.794 billion, a decrease of 13.2%.
The share of global GDP is 54.37%, an increase of 1.09 percentage points over the same period. By regional distribution, economically developed regions such as the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, are gradually shifting to higher end/high value added products.
In an effort to expand overseas, South-East Asia (and especially Thailand) has become a major focus of globalization. The top five manufacturers in the global pcb industry, Hing, East Mountain, Japan’s flag and Taiwan’s China-Tung, have already established production bases in Thailand.
Figure: Regional distribution of the pcb industry on mainland China, with communications and computers as the first two major applications, showing product structure, with global and mainland China dominated by multilayers in 2021, accounting for 39 per cent and 49 per cent, respectively;
The hdi plate is the second highest in terms of 15% and 18% respectively. We have a weak capacity of 4%; about 15% of the global pcb production is used for the production of the slab. Prismark data show that the slab, hdi, 18 floors and above have the top three main coefficients, depending on the rate of increase in different products.
Communications and computers were the first two applications, accounting for about 56% of the global market in 2021. With the development of technology such as big data, cloud computing, and 5g communications, the demand for data storage and arithmetic has increased, and the server industry has expanded in scope.
The continued spread of energy vehicles and the continued deepening of motor intelligence will also stimulate demand in the automotive electronics sector. According to Prismark, global server pcb and car electron pcb in 2021-2026 are at the second highest rates, with cagr at 9.87% and 7.91%, respectively.
Multi-layer hdi except China, Japan
Asian countries 2.9 Global pcb market concentration is low, with a large number of manufacturers
The global pcb industry has a low concentration, a large number of producers, and a high level of market competition. Prismark data show that in 2022, cr10 was only 36.59%.The mainland China is the region with the largest output of the global pcb industry, with about 1,500 pcb manufacturers, mainly located in the Pearl Triangle, Long Triangle, and Rim Sea regions.
In recent years, global concentration in the pcb industry has increased. According to Prismark, global pcb market crr30 increased from 64.2% in 2018.
By 2023, 67.3%, especially since 2022, pcb has faced a more competitive market environment in the face of downward pressure from the industry cycle. In this context, only firms with combined technological, managerial, and financial advantages can respond effectively to industrial volatility and achieve robust growth in adversity.
The raw materials for the production of circuit boards include, inter alia, coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, among which the cost of coatings is the largest.
The top pcb focuses on the development of high-grade products, and the depths of the benefits are the new wave.
3.1 company products are dominated by smartphones, fpc technology leads the world by 3.2 apples using fpc, single machine fpc numbers and values gradually increasing \triangleright
Power loss recovery drives the pcb industry to warm, ai to inject long, 3.3ai to drive high-level hdi and slp demand, companies to pre-position relevant technologies and accelerate production capacity building. 3.4 The main panel uses stacked structures to solve the difficulties of increasing spatial and interconnectivity density.
Deepening smartphones and consumer electronics 3.5slp further fine-tuning lines to meet the demand for high-end products 3.6 folding screen thinning trends are clear, pushing up fpc and slp demand
Apple 3.7 is both a client and a supplier.
3.8ai support for the recovery of the power-motivated industry, where companies have had strong market/size advantages for years of deep farming 3.9 wearable: fpc is widely applied by bendable properties, hdi support mini-design 3.10ar/vr:ar or the best carrier for ai, in 2028 ar glasses market volume or up to 100 million
3.11 electricity: lightly designed superimposed high performance requires an increase in hdi, slp demand 3.1 products are dominated by smartphones, and fpc technology is a global leader. The pcb product is widely applied to multiple end products in the telecommunications electronics industry and is dominated by smartphones.
Continuous requirements for high transmission speed, high reliability, low time delay in mobile communication technologies were met; products included flexible printing circuit boards, hard-print circuit boards, high-density connectors, class plates (slp), etc., with client content 2024h1 company communication boards generating revenue of $8.730 billion, an increase of 3.68 per cent, compared with 66.51 per cent.
The company has achieved a high degree of technical capability in the field of pcb, which is now industrialised. fpc is an important building block for high-density, high-speed e-product development.
Fpc connects almost all parts of a mobile phone to the main panel, including cell screens, panels, buttons, side keys, cameras, audit cameras, platoon lines, etc. fpc is used. The number of single smartphones using fpc will increase as the smartphone sensors and film integration function increases.
1) In the case of a smart phone, about 10-15 fpcs are required. 2) The use of fpc varies depending on the design of each cell phone. Serial numbers 5 and 9 are not used on apple phones, but they are used in most home-grown mobile phones.
3.2 Apples use fpc in large numbers, fpc in volume and value, and begin to use fpc in large numbers as a connection and carrying function from 5s, of which 5s carry 13 soft panels, and fpc applications cover a full range of contact controls, display connections/drivers, homes, cameras, antennas, etc., in which connections to core components such as antennas, cameras, etc. show trends in fpc use.
The iPhone 7/7p was launched in 2016 with approximately 14-17 softboards, which were further enhanced in volume and value. The iPhone7 removed two pieces of led from softboard position functions, but added vibrating motors, optical sensors, batteries, and an antenna. In addition, the iPonex drive was changed from a scratching board to a floppy board, with an increase in the number of slabs, such as ear plugs, cameras, etc. The iPonex sold in 2017 added oled, unwired chargers, Facaid, etc., requiring the addition of a new corresponding floppy (or enhanced flier structure). At the same time, iPhonex and iPhone8/8p started to operate the lcp antenna (numbers).
2/1, increasing the high-frequency high-speed performance of antennas and reducing space occupancy. Two ccp antennas in iphonex were close to $10, and the value of the entire software board was raised to approximately $40. In 2018, the incremental demand for antennas benefited from 4*4mimo upgrades, as well as an increase in the use of lcp antennas such as xsmax/xs, and the number of apple softboards was upgraded again. xs/xsmax was about 24 soft boards (including lcp). The number of lcp antennas in xs/xsmax/xr was about $3/3/2 and asp was about $13/13/10, respectively. The overall value of softboards in xsmax was raised to new heights, close to $60.
Table: Apple-generation fpc use 3.3ai to drive high-level hdi and slp demand, company advance deployment of relevant technology and accelerated capacity-building data showing that in 2023, global generation of ai cellular output was insufficient as a proportion of total cellular output
1%. With the high-to-medium-to-high-end capacity of the major mobile phones, and the smartphone industry chain, active upstream-to-down embrace change from soft and hardware to hardware-to-soft, the generation of the ai cellular is accelerating. One of them hopes to enter the fast-growing track in 2024 and to launch a new rotation, with the flag ship type becoming the one-to-phone.
idc expects that in 2027, the penetration rate in the Chinese market will be more than 50%, reaching 150 million. The application of the ai-related product will complicate the design of circuit boards, and pcb products will be upgraded to higher-level products such as high quality, low wear and tear, high dispersive heat, and fine circuits, leading to the upgrading and use of the product specifications, including structure design,
In response to the demand for production of high-level hdi and slp products from the ai-related products, the company speeds up the implementation of the high-level hdi and slp printed circuit board extension projects in the three gardens of Huai An. As of 24h1,
The first phase of the project has been put into production, while the second phase is in the process of being accelerated, and it is expected that the completion of the project will lead to a further increase in the company’s market occupancy in the high-level Hdi and slp product areas. In the case of smart folding terminal equipment, the company promotes dynamic bends that combine high-frequency transmission simulation tests, applied research and industrialization.
3.4 The main board uses stacked structures to address the difficulties of increasing spatial compactness and interconnectivity since iphonex, which reduces the size of the main board in mobile phones while increasing the size of the main board circuit board.
The iPhone15pro/promax main board also uses a double-story stacked structure, divided into apboards (digital panels) and arfboards (radio frequency panels). The apboard contains the main application processor (a17pro), the main memory, power management chips, audioic, etc. The rfboard contains bluetooths, w-fi and other chips for smartphones.
Communications systems operated by 5g. 3.5slp further fine-tune lines to meet the demand for high-end products as smartphones, tablet computers and wearable devices move towards intelligence, miniaturization,
Trends, such as multifunctionality, have been growing in functionality, i/o, and more and more. With regard to electrical digestion products, such as flatboard computers, laptops, etc., the hdi is constantly moving towards more and higher levels to meet increasing functional requirements.
However, an increase in the number of hdi stacking layers would increase the size of the plate, making it difficult to meet the demand for miniaturization and thinning of electronic products such as mobile phones, wearing equipment.
Further fine-tuning lines with smaller line widths, more stacked layers, more power modules, and graphic sophistication and reliability can meet the demand for high-end products. Starting in 2017, apple imports slp products, as high-end electronics function continues to evolve.
In addition, the design requirements for slp are increasing and the width of the line is shrinking. The current line width/spacing requirements have been reduced to 30/30 μm and are expected to fall further to 25/25 μm, and even figure: pcb evolves in the direction of high density
3.6 The trend of folding screens is clear, pushing demand for fpc and slp. The trend of folding screens is clear, pushing demand for fpc and slp. Companies have a better technological build-up in folding terminal equipment, particularly dynamic bending simulations, testing, applied research and industrial development.
On the side of the show, it has now been supplied to the country’s main folder brand. For the pain of folding screen phones, the doves have worked with the customers to develop a new generation of high-curve circuit boards, which have succeeded in reducing about 25% of pcb thickness, about 20% of direct electricity supply, about 7% of line width, increasing cabling density to reduce product size and about 20% of capacity.
According to idc data, 24q2 Chinese folding screen phones delivered 2.57 million, an increase of 104.6% over the same period, and maintained strong growth momentum. The folding machine’s limited internal structural space and complex cabling, coupled with high requirements for thickness, is usually large.
fpc is connected. Slp, which is thinner and has a higher line density, meets the thinning requirements of the main board. In the case of magicv3, the cavs abandon the traditional rigid pcb and use fpc+metals to the bottom, with a thickness of 1.6 mm. The main plate is single-layered, with a thickness of 0.55 mm.
Figure: Collapse machines connected through large fpc blocks - Table: Different folder thickness (mm) circuits in about two parts
(In the case of Mimixfold4, for example) Left: the cavity is one step forward to reduce the thickness of the module.
Give up the rigid pcb, make it thinner fpc+g gold, use the rigid pcb
On the right: single-floor 3.7 Apple is both a customer and a supplier to the dove.
Apple, based on considerations of confidentiality, specialization and timeliness of supply of raw materials used in its products, arranges for purchases with Ping to strengthen and improve supply chain management using the Buy-and-cell model. Buy-and-cell mode means that when a customer buys raw materials from a supplier of raw materials, the raw materials are reselled to the company, and the raw material supplier requests them on the basis of a customer ' s order.
In dealings with Apple, Apple first procures raw materials, such as electronic parts, from suppliers of electronic parts, and then sells the raw materials, such as electronic parts, to do their production; when the raw materials arrives, the dots are beaten to pcb by a dozen smt patches, such as pre-baking, printing of ointment, remelting, flushing, and electrical measurements.
The plate is sold to Apple, or its designated downstream manufacturer, when the pcb is a sophisticated component. Based on the characteristics of the industry and the background of the transaction, Apple is a client of the doppelganger.
3pcb product delivery, downstream manufacturer 4pcb product delivery
Payment for 5pcb products Documented flow of goods - Transfer of funds 1 Business Exchange: Ping Dynasty directly negotiated with Apple to confirm Apple ' s procurement needs;
2 Signing of pcb product orders: Apple gives purchase orders in po-la-la-la-la-la-la; 3 pcb product delivery: Po-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
(b) 5pcb product payments: Apple pays the dove under the agreed terms of payment. 3.8ai contributes to the recovery of the power-motivated industry, and the company has a strong market/scale advantage over many years of deep farming.
High global inflation and the retreat of the home economy have reduced demand for consumer electronics, mainly tablets, laptops, smart watches, pc computers, etc., and product output has declined significantly for the second year in a row. But, as industry moves to stock, the market has gradually recovered by the end of 2023, while the market is headed by one.
A breakthrough in the Centre’s innovative applications, as well as the continued roll-out of eco-cosm products, such as aipc, and smart glasses, representing the new eco-cosm, will boost the recovery of the consumer electronics industry. According to the Prismark data, the value of the global consumer electronics-related pcb production in 2023 was $9.51 billion, a 17.4 per cent decrease, compared to 2028.
The consumer electronics and computer markets, represented by flat, pen and electric power over the years, have had strong market and size advantages and remain sensitive to technological and product changes in downstream consumer electronic markets, ready to move into new and emerging areas represented by the ai hardware and deepening existing competitive advantages.
2024h1 consumer electronics and computer panels generated revenues of RMB 3,931 million, an increase of 36.57 per cent over the same period; collection 3.9 wearables: fpc is widely applied with bendable properties, hdi miniaturization design table: 24q1 Chinese market for apparel equipment (millions, %)
The idc data show that the 24q1 Chinese apparel market was 33.67 million, 36.2% more than the previous year, with the smart watch increasing the most rapidly, with the delivery volume increasing by 54.1% to 9.1 million. pcb is used in the equipment-clothing sensors, display screens, and communication modules.
In the case of goolepixelwatch, for example, the total cost of the bom is approximately $123, of which the cost of items such as pcb is approximately $8.86, or 7.2 per cent.
Moderate and adaptive, particularly for applications where shape irregularities or curves are required to fit humans, are widely applied to wearable devices. hdi achieves smaller apertures, thiner line widths, saves pcb wire size, and large amounts
Increasing the density of components, improving radio frequency jamming/electromagnetic wave jamming/statistical release, etc., can achieve smaller and lighter designs that meet the increasing performance of wearable equipment. 3.10ar/vr:ar or the best carrier for ai, the market volume of ar glasses is expected to reach hundreds of millions in 2028
In the area of ar/vr, companies have become suppliers of mainstream products, both domestically and internationally, by working with leading brand manufacturers around the world. Compared to the vst of Visionpro, the anar glasses that choose the most technology path first ensured a light-weight wear experience, and the calculation module was introduced to enhance computing.
Ai+ar glasses will be a new variable in the development of the industry. The founder of the xreal and ceo-Swiggy says that the ar is the best carrier and the ai is the best interactive; the market for the aar glasses is expected to reach a hundred million levels in 2028.
According to Wellsenxxr, 24q1 global sales were 113,000, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year; 650,000, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year, were expected for the year as a whole. The data on theverge show that, as of May 24, the sales of ray banmeta smart glasses, which had been launched in September 23, were either out of reach of one million.
Wellsennxr data show that the value of pcb in the raybanmeta smart glasses is $7.2 at a cost compared to the cost.
The main panel is located on the right leg, mainly through video-mocking, audio-playing pcb, with a value of $0.2. The extended interface links to the main panel on the right and right legs of the mirror, as well as electricity.
The extended fpc is connected to the whole smart glasses source light widgets, which are essentially circuit controls formed through the placarding process. The main plate is worth $6.
3.11 messages: lightly designed superimposed high performance requires push hdi, slp demand company computer end supply includes: softboard, slp, miniled, hdi. Pen pcb consists mainly of the main coil (hdi/slp, etc.) of the chip (hdi/slp, etc.)
High-density hardboards, softboards for connecting components, etc. High-integration master panels can achieve lighter design based on high performance requirements.
The head of the pcb focuses on the development of high-level products, deep-down products, and has been in the process of creating a high-level product.
A new wave of benefits, a recovery in power loss, a return to the pcb industry, an infusion of ai into a long, 4.1 server/storage, auto electrons are expected to be a strong growth engine for pcb.
4.2 Automobiles: there has been a marked increase in the use of the new energy vehicle pcb. 4.3fpc, the largest increase in the vehicle load area is the power cell fpc, which deepens smartphones and consumes electronics.
4.5 Server: Arithmetic boosts the price of the server pcb at full capacity, speeds up the boost of cars and server products, and drives up the integration of the  4.6gpu, i-server pcb output several times more than the normal server
The pcb at 4.7gb200nvl72 is very large.
4.1 Servers/stores, automobiles and electronics are expected to be a strong growth engine for pcb. Prismark projects that the server/storage market in the electronics industry will be the strongest growth force in the next five years and that automobiles and electronics will be the second largest growth engine.
The demand for AI training and reasoning has continued to grow as a result of the rapid growth in the outbreak of generic AI applications and the arithmetic revolution. The market for relevant pcb products led by the one-server has grown rapidly, and the data from the Prismark show that the global market for servers and storage pcb was about $8.2 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow to $13.8 billion by 2028, with cagr as high as possible.
11%. At the same time, the application of the hdi product is expected to be significantly enhanced as the performance of the one-server is upgraded. With car electricization, intelligence, and increased network penetration, pcb is required to achieve the emerging needs of high-speed signal transmission, high-pressure temperature, human-car interactions, and road/car interconnection outside the traditional car application landscape, leading to high-level hdi, high-speed traffic.
The company's fpc-type products for battery modules, radar panels, domain control products have been delivered in volume, laser radar plates have been stored in technology and samples have been certified. 24h1 company's radar panels and autopilot control panel products are growing in volume.
The products in question have been working with a number of domestic Tier1 manufacturers and have been certified by an international Tier1 client, which is expected to start output at 24h2. As a result of a significant growth in the volume of goods delivered by the one server, 24h1 has grown significantly.
Sample phase and accelerated construction of the Thai park in the direction of top-level server products. 4.2 Automobiles: the use of the new energy vehicle, pcb, has increased markedly in traditional fuel trucks.
Broadly used. New energy vehicles are much more electrodynamic than conventional fuel trucks, and the use of bicycles pcb is significantly higher.
According to the data, new energy vehicles use pcbs about 4 of the conventional fuel trucks in the intelligent use of cars, interconnections, etc.
Motivated by trends such as electrodynamicity, vehicle requirements for pcb complexity, performance and reliability are also increasing and moving towards high frequency.
In the direction of boards, high-speed boards, hdi boards, etc., car pcbs are dominated by multi-story panels, according to the Jingda circuit announcement.
On product layout, corporate hardboards are concentrated on autopilot and smart cockpit domain control boards, etc., because of intelligent driving.
It's the area where the circuit boards are shifting to high-level hdi demands, senses like millimetre-wave radars.
Layers focus on high-speed calculations, panels: soft panels focus on electricity, panels, displays, cameras, etc.
4.3 fpc ' s largest increase in vehicle-borne areas is the power cell fpc, which is further reflected in its high degree of bendability, weight reduction and automation as the vehicle ' s electricization, intelligence, etc., evolves.
Security guarantees a high-speed transmission route for information to ensure short-circuit problems for timely battery bags, and the greatest increase in power cell fpc in the vehicle area is in the fpc internal design.
According to the estimates, the use of a new energy vehicle, fpc, is expected to be more than 100 pieces, with electricity, which is smaller than the wire beam and traditional pcb products used to collect the signals, and fpc, which has a smaller space in the battery bag, with a total battery voltage monitoring of the fpc amounting to as much as 70 pieces.
The power cell fpc option, which replaces traditional copper beams, can achieve automatic assembly, addition of smelting, in addition to a significant reduction in light beams where the process is more dynamic than the traditional beams with vertical and complex manual plugs. fpc breaks through process selection and quantifys and upgrades space utilization.
The fpc program has advantages in terms of thickness (line area 0.34 mm, current protection design to increase safety, etc.).
It is generally used as a mainstream option for the current transmission of power cell signals. The fpc shape is well-structured and is designed to be more integrated, saves a large number of lined connections, is suitable for large-scale mechanical production, and provides for the automated production of power cell components while significantly shortening assembly hours and saving manpower.
Figure: Physical map of the millimetre-wave radar radio-frequency plate • Vehicle-car-mounted millimetre-wave radar mainly in power systems such as inverters, dc-dc, vehicle-mounted chargers, electrical control systems (mainly)
Equipment such as vcu, mcu, bms make up) is required to use pcb to generate a large number of car pcb requirements.
There are 24/77/79ghz generation 24ghz programmes as mainstream products; and
With pcb, the number of mainstream level 2 adas-type sensors is now generally over 20; millimetre wave radars are required to use a large number of high-frequency panels and laser radars are in high demand for hdi panels. As the adas move up the ladder, the use of radars, cameras, etc., is increasing, with high-frequency pcb, hdi etc., the product of high-end pcb will hold.
High frequency pcb is about one millimeter radar product that continues to be uplifted. According to the Zodel3adas sensor's pcb value is as follows:
The development of the smart seat stimulates the growth of the demand for car electron pcb. As the human machine interacts with more and more new technologies, typical intelligent car sensors are carried on board and integrated on the smart cabin, multiscreen development and the electrodynamicization of the seat significantly enhances the use of pcb.
Table: Use of pcb in the new energy automobile control system: 4.5 servers: higher arithmetic drives the higher price of the server pcb
pcb applications in servers, including main panels, power backboards, hard disk backboards, webcards, rister cards, etc., are mainly characterized by high heights, high vertical ratio, high density and high transmission speed.
Strength demands higher requirements for pcb materials, layers, dimensions, and processes. pcb usage and unit value are expected to increase rapidly. 1 or 2u servers have only 4-8 floors, 4u and 8u servers have jumped to 16 floors.
Above the layer, the backboard is above the 20th floor. The increase in the pcb layer places higher demands on the overall processing capacity of the supplier, and the development of the i server has become the driving force behind the upgrading of the high-end pcb production technology. Table: Specific requirements for the pcb layer and material for different generations of server platforms
4.6 gpu integration leads to a multi-fold increase in the output of the one server pcb over the general server The one server requires a multi-card interconnection, a wider and more dense line than the normal server, and aigpu has more needle feet and more memory chips, so that the gpu card set may reach 20 layers or even more, and the rate of excellence will decline as the number of layers increases.
High-frequency high-speed data transmissions, with an increase in the number of pcb layers and an increase in the use of the ccl level. The gpu integration drive the output of the one server pcb several times higher than the normal server, but also leads to a higher technical threshold, with the high-end pcb firm welcoming more import opportunities.
Ninety-four per cent of the incremental value comes from gpu boards, which are typically not available on general servers, while nvidiadgxa100 is equipped with eight gpus. nvidiadghxh100 uses only 0.3 per cent more than dgxa100, but asp increases by 44.2 per cent, resulting in dgxh100 pcb values increasing by 45 per cent compared to a100. As the i server continues to be upgraded, individual pcb uses may not necessarily increase, but they will continue to increase steadily.
Trendforce projects a 100-h100 pcb demand growth of 86 per cent in 2023 and a 64 per cent increase in 2024.
cpu master board and functional attachment board) about the total price of the i-server pcb gpu board (including gpu board, g-plate, g-plate)
nvswitch, oam (ocpaccelerator mode) and ubb (unit)
(Baseboard) about the total value of the one server pcb (including power,
Hdd and components such as cooling systems) only use a larger pcb at a total price of 4.7gb200nvl72
Businesses under the flag of China Development Group (HSG) Figure: gb200nvl72 cabinet structure: gb200nvl72 Internet
gb200nvl72 consists of 18 1 ucomputetrays and 9 nvswitchtrays • 1 computetray contains 2 bianca plates, each containing 1 gracecpu and 2 blackwellgpu, and a cumulative 2 cpu and 4 blackwellgpu, which require 2 master panels and 1 middle.
• An Nvswitchtray contains two nvlink chips requiring one nvlinkswitch. 4.8 light module: slp with lower wear and tear and higher line density is expected to be widely used
In the areas of low-orbit satellites, millimetre wave antennas, base station antennas, light modules, laser radars, etc., companies use high-level, high-frequency high-speed high-speed technology to promote high-end hdi. The light module as a central instrument of light communication and data centres has also evolved from the original 100g to 400g,
The 400g/800g light module consists of 10-14 floors, m6 or m7 high-speed ccl, using a two-order-any-step hdi stack with a value significantly higher than the average hdi multi-layer.In its June 2024 investor summary, the electronics indicate that it is projected to be 2024.
The market capacity of the 800g light module amounts to $7 billion. By cost analysis and overall Māori, it is accepted electronically as approximately RMB 3-50 billion for pcb. The unit price of the light module pcb is influenced by multiple factors, such as technological maturity and the supply-demand relationship of the market, and the median price of the 800g light module pcb is now $300-400.
The current high-end pcb required for a light module of 800 g and above is a supply-chain shortage. The trend in light module technology is towards miniaturization, low wear and tear, thermal plug-in, high-speed, long-range, and intelligentness, and the demand for pcb is increasing, and slp, which is lower-depletion and higher-line density, is expected to be widely applied.
Table: Comparison of the number of requirements for the 4g and 5g carrying technology programmes and light modules The light module is the nuclear core of the light communication system, the introduction of 5g technology, and
The large-scale construction of the data centre responds to the larger transfer bandwidth and higher transmission speed of downstream customers.
Rate requirements, which drive the light module, whether in the telecommunications market (access to the network, urban area network, backbone network, etc.)
It's still a different field of applications like data centres, industrial controls, 5g for transmission speeds compared to 4g.
There's a four to ten-fold increase. In the i-mail market, there's a double demand for light modules between 5g and 4g.
Pcb's head is focused on the development of high-grade products, the depths, the benefits of a new wave of development.
Deepen the market for smartphones and consumer electronics, and accelerate the expansion of automobiles and server lines.
Core assumptions for profit projection 5.1 Core assumptions for comparative corporate valuation versus investment recommendation 5.1
Communications boards: Lower pcb e-markets include mainly product categories such as mobile phones, base stations, routers, and switches, in which corporate telecommunications electronics products are used mainly for end-of-pipe communications products, such as smartphones. By the end of 2023, global smartphone inventories had been adjusted and, driven by new products such as ai cell phones, folders, etc., global smart machines are expected to show a moderate growth in 2024.
The projected increase in the volume of shipments is 2.8 per cent, according to the estimate by Prismark that in 2023 the e-communications-related pcb value amounted to $22.158 billion, a 15.5 per cent decrease compared with the previous year, and consumption of electronics and computer panels: as the industry moves to stock, the relevant markets have gradually recovered by the end of 2023, while breakthroughs in innovative applications centred on one, and new meta-cosm products represented by aipc and ai mobile phones, i.e., i-consumption hardware products, smart glasses, etc.
In 2023, the consumer electronics-related pcb production was estimated to be $9,151 million, and automobiles and server panels: as the global automobile industry entered the age of intelligence, electrodynamicization, and networking, the electronics product of the automobile industry continued to rise up. In the midst of a rapid wave of intellectualization of electronic applications of cars, such as adas, sensors, etc., the car pcb was used as an important base for all types of electronic applications of automobiles.
Supported by the growth of the electronics market for cars. Prismark estimated that, in 2023, the car-related pcb market was driven by $9,162 million, and that the surge in demand for high-end servers, represented by the one server, created a huge demand for artificial intelligence that would keep the one server in demand at a high rate in the future. In 2024-2026, we expect the company ' s revenue from automobiles and server panels to be $11.13/2433,44.27 million.
5.2 The comparative valuation and investment of comparable companies suggest that we select the following companies as comparable companies: 1) Deep South circuits are focused on electronic interconnection and have three operations: printing circuit boards, envelope boards and electronic packaging links; 2) East Mountain is the second-largest flexible circuit board enterprise, the third-largest print circuit board enterprise in the world, the first global market in the area of small-distance segment of led; 3)  share-led products are 14-38 floors of corporate communications.
Market boards, medium- and high-level motor panels, etc., which are strongly supplemented by industrial equipment panels, can be widely applied in a number of areas, such as communications equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, microwave radio frequencies, etc.; 4) Congenial electronics is the manufacturer of a small number of domestic product types covering rigid circuit boards, flexible circuit boards and metal-based circuit boards, offering diversified product options and one-stop services to customers; 5) the main products of grand science and technology are double-faced, multi-layered (hdi-containing) etc., and are widely used in areas such as led monitors, server (server), communications, medical devices, new energy vehicles, computer perimeters, etc.
In parallel with forward-looking technology, production capacity development is being accelerated, benefiting significantly from the new dynamics of development brought about by the wave. Continuously recommended, “uptake-a” ratings are maintained. Table: Compared corporate valuations (millions of yuan, dollars/units) pcb heads are focused on the development of higher-grade products and deep-beneficiaries of the new wave.
The recovery in electricity consumption has boosted the pcb industry, injected long-term growth dynamics, deepened the competitive advantage of smartphones and consumer electronics, and accelerated market expansion for automobiles and server product lines.
New technologies, new processes, new products, and the risk that they will not be industrialized as scheduled: firms are in technology-intensive industries and need to keep pace with industry-wide trends, and to develop and industrialize new technologies, new processes, and new products that meet market and customer needs in a timely and efficient manner.
Failure to invest in the development of new technologies in a timely manner or to acquire advanced equipment for the production of more advanced materials risks new technologies, new crafts, and new products from being industrialized on schedule. Market competition risks: the pcb industry has a wide area of downstream applications, low concentration, and more competitive markets.
Companies have competitive advantages in terms of technological capacity reserves, accumulation of customer resources, size of production capacity, and purchasing capacity, but failure to respond effectively to increasing market competition will continue to have a negative impact on their performance. The risk that the expansion of capacity will not be as fast as expected: large-scale investments in the pcb plant, long construction cycles, and many processes, such as experimental production of products, will be required to produce production capacity.
There are also technical difficulties associated with the increase in the rate, which may result in a lack of timely access to markets and, consequently, a decline in company-related performance, if the capacity climbs are not as fast as expected. The supply of raw materials and the risk of price fluctuations: the main raw materials used by companies in their daily production include corrosion plates, semi-solidated tablets, copper pickles, copper balloons, gold salt, dry film, and ink, the prices of which are more affected by the bulk of commodities on the international market, such as copper, gold, oil, etc. If the subsequent prices of raw materials continue to rise, or they will operate in companies.
There is also a risk of supply risk to this portion of the raw material as a result of changes in the external political and economic environment. The risk of a high concentration of customers: company revenue comes mainly from the United States, accounting for nearly 80%, with apples being the company’s main customer.
Significant changes, or their future reduction in the procurement of company pcb products, which has an adverse impact on the company’s business performance, are projected in the financial statements and the summary of valuation data The stock price of the punctuated holdings (002938.sz) (2024-08-30):
Joaquin Electronics - A depth report series for the "Crystal" era, 1, a half-guided weight depth of one of the core ages, "Emerging Technology Resonance Import Substitutes, Towards Full Chain Investment Opportunities", 27, "Ten Million Spaces for Radio Frequency Chips of the Age", "National Production Replaces Dawn."
28. Cycling Age XXVIII International, “Emergency leaders, industrial linkages, gestations”, 29, “Ai chips, domestic taps, high R & D investment prospects”, 30, “Emergency power supply – 10 years to replace domestic upgrading”, 30, “Engine power supply, 10 years to replace domestic upgrading”.
4. The first simulator depth in the Four Ages, "Modition of downstream applications, Simultaneous development of the simultaneous " .31, "River pa " , "Innovation of radio frequency pa XXXI " , "Invasion of the universe and infinite interconnection".5 and "Strategic upgrading of storage chains " , "Initiative replacement of the "chip" chapter.
6. The six-power semiconductor depth of the core age, the golden track of the power semiconductor, the opportunity to import replacements, 32; The domestic semiconductor carving giants, the Meineng & Elongation Platforming, 32 MSMEs; 7-half-conductor material depths of the core age, the cornerstones of the development of the industry, the opportunity to import alternatives.
33, The thirteen-core shares of the thirteen-year-old " Domestic pip-team manufacturer, driving the sipaas model " , 34; The thirteen-year simulation of the ic depths, ppt. " Simulation of the ic gold track, home-grown convergence " ; 9-and-a-half-time conductor equipment depth, " Import substitution climate up, long-term development of the equipment " .
35, thirteen-core ocean technology, High Precision Measurement adc+mcu+ai, to the Blue Sea track super-chip star, 10, thirteen-threed/new pieces of the twilight age, Advanced Envelope and New Devices, New Chapters of Integrated Circuits 36, thirteen power & depth of compounds, Augmentation & Substitution Speed, Long-Term Layout of Compounds 36,
11, 11-year-old 11-mic boardboard and slp, "ic board and slp, integrated upgraded board contribution " , 37, "Thirteen-seven-year-old tech focus on smart audio soc chips, fast-growing industry vents " , 12-year-old smart processor, "Amblitic support, a national core is expected to switch to supercars."
38, Core Age XXXVIII and Tate, From High End to High End, Key Platform Innovative Patterns 13, Key Age 13, Advanced Envelopes, National Strategy for Growth 39, Core Age XXXIX at depth ppt.
40, 40-year-old equipment ptt depth, Prenatal facilities 2021 for the new golden age14, 14-year-old silicon films, supply and demand gaps persist, national production is ready15, cytochrome 15-year-old compound, Next Generation Semiconductor Materials, 5g Support Market Growth
41, 41-Power microchip of the core age, Focus on Power Management, Intra-Intra-External Extension Product Lines 16, National Production Substitution Accelerator, Accelerating Development of the Whole Industrial Chains 16, 42-second-time Micropower, National Production fpga Lead Enterprise, High-Tech Barriers for Protecting the City River 42, The High-Technology Barriers.
17. The 17th of the Age of the Cycenic North created " Bistructural build-up opportunities, with a great deal of tension " ; 43rd of the Age of the Cyceres showed a depth driven by pptt " Showing the Driver - Last 1km of National Product " ; 18th of the Age of the Cycephagus " Castigbt Basestone, Creation of Multi-Sector Market Opportunities " .
44, Forty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifteen-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly Special and Security-Fly-Fly, Company-Step Rapid Development.
20: The 20th Episode of Cycenic Technology, The Photo-Technology Innovation Lead, The Multiwidth Layout Leads the Future 46, The 46th New Energy Cube of the Cyce 46, ppt Deep, The Air of Carbon Neutrality, The Flying Foundation 47, The 47alot*ppt Deep, Alot Age, Soc Vendors Accelerating Development 47, The Soc.
21 XI-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yi-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, Gpu-Nu-Nu-Nu-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N
23, The 23rd Triumph of the Cycenic Age, "The Dragon of the 5g track frequency chips, the National Production Replaces the Time", 49i Chips of the Cycling Age, "Ai Powerful Age, Gpu Starts a New Scene" 24, "Silicon "Cry" material is ready for launch in the Cycling Age, and there's plenty of room for commercial production."
50, 50-Eyed-Eyed-Eyed-Eyed-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Type-Ty-Ty-Ty-Type-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Tyyy-Ty-Ty-Ty-Tyy-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T
26, 26 Central Rings of the Cycling Age, Half-guided Silicon Silicon Thick, with a unique track tree. 52, Fifty-two cyborg microppt depths of the Cycling Age.
53, The 53rd Episode of the Cycenic Age, Focusing on bldc power-driven control chips, three core technologies lead 70, The 70-Way of the Cycling Age, The Cmp Headings of National Productions, Keeping Up High, Platforming 71, The 71-Eyce of the Cyceres, The Loop National Lead, The strong cycle attribute 2024.
54, Fifty-four Na-chip microlights of the cyborg age, Focusing on High-end Simulationic, dedicated to the supply of domestic semiconductors 72, Seventy-two microelectrics of the ceremonial era, Viewings Technically Protected River & md Deep Cooperation, More in the Ai Wave 55, The Fifty-Fifty-Five Crystal Morning Shares of the cerebral Age, The Core Technology for the Earth, The Wings for the World.
73. Seventy-three long electrotechnics, supported by the XdfoitTM platform, sound arithmetic/sustainability/car trio, 56 microscopics of the cytochrome, a comprehensive comparative analysis of the UV country microscopic microscopics, 74 microchip ppt of the cythys, ppt "chip" for advanced algorithms to “calculate" the intelligence of things.
The 57th National Production Power Soc, Aggregation Age, Processor Soc Factory Comprehensive Comparison 75, 75 and a half Course 4 Core Materials of the Cube Age, ppt.
76, Appt. 76hbm equipment material of the cytology age, etc., " hbm altruistic, 3d-mixed synthesis equipment material dynamic " , " 59th South of the ceremonial age technology, " Blueprints for charge pumps, " Replication of generic products, success " , 77 xr depths of the cytology age, " At the crossroads of humanities and technology, opening the space computing age " .
60, 60-year-old arithmetic gpu, re-accelerated i industrialization, re-opened intelligence, 78-year-olds, 78-year-olds, global leadership in cis technology, re-starting through cycles, 61-inch microbreaths, 2 depths of artificial intelligence, alots of alotsoc dragons.
79, The 79-Full Age technique, "Odm Dragons are stronger, High Performance is Calculating Growth Dynamics strong." 62, "Technology/products are the cornerstones of the age" at the sixty-two-Four of the age, soc/modes/power test machines for full expansion 80, and the 80-Five-Five Power semiconductor 3 "Power Half-Calls the Global Competing River" at the bottom of the product pattern.
63. Sixty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-tty-thirty-thirty.
64, The Sixty-Fifty-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Face, New-Fighting-Fighting-Age.
84. The 84-litre machine of the Cycenic Age, ppt., "The road to national production is so far away, China's core is so desperate", 66, "The product structure of the Cycling Age, the brand client has broken through." 85, "The product layout is so diverse that the strategy of globalization can be released."
86, "Pcb Dragon Head Focuss on the Development of High-Step Products, Deep Benefit for the Development of a New Wave " , 672.5d/3d " Technology Development Leads Industrial Change " , 68, " Age 68 " Shows Driving Chips " - The Last Commons of National Productisation.
69-69-Key Age. The logic of two-way strategy for higher prices highlights that t-box shapes the second generation, builds up a sound and mature self-motivation mechanism and a young team development mechanism, fully validated by the market; led a brand-new team in 2023 to Qinghua Alumni Electronic Engineering Division, Deputy Secretary-General, Qinghua University Alumni Council for Electronic Information, Qinghua University.