Megashares (600160): Three generations of refrigerant prices have gone up, company performance is expected and is expected to continue to rise, and sales have increased substantially on a par, driving the firm ' s business earnings and Māori rates to rise rapidly.
Three generations of refrigerant quotas were added to the rising demand in the downstream market, refrigerant prices and profits continued to rise, companies acquired flying sources Chemicals were now officially listed, and companies had a clear advantage in the refrigerant landscape cycle as domestic refrigerant quota champions.
At the end of the product price, 2024q1, company refrigerants, fluorinated polymer materials, fluorinated industrial raw materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, food packaging materials, petrochemical materials, basic chemical products with an equal price change of 17.98 per cent, 24.87 per cent, 10.38 per cent, - flowering
In the case of flying chemicals, the company is firmly in a three-generation refrigerant quota leader position, and its refrigerant sales are expected to increase. In the case of refrigerant prices, based on data from the Begawan moor, as of 28 April 2024, refrigerants are expected to support a steady increase in refrigerant demand in the second quarter, and there is a current upward trend in foreign trade prices, and the company ' s refrigerant plate performance is expected to increase.
Companies focus on research and development, the development of high-value-added fluorinated industries and the continuous optimization of the industrial chain. Companies insist on strategic leadership aimed at building a high-performance manufacturing base for chlorofluorocarbons, strengthening science, technology and innovation, fixed-asset inputs, planning for 2024 154 STI projects, annual planned R&D costs of $1.008 billion, equal to 0.7 per cent, and strengthening the technology needed for corporate development.
Priority projects such as pep, 10kt/pfa, 150kt/year special polyester slices new materials, 500t/year perfluorosulfonate resins are built and technologically modified to continuously optimize and refine the industrial chain layouts and to promote the high end, diversification and serialization of products such as ptfe, pvdf, pvdc, fkm, pfa, hydrofluoroethers, perfluoropolyethers, etc.
Magnificent shares (600160): proposed acquisition of fly-source chemical shares, consolidation of the fluorinated industry leader I. Magnificent shares (600160): weakening demand
q3 performances, refrigerants are expected to go to Giant Shares (600160): Fluorine workers are expected to enter the long-term climate cycle, leading the way to integration.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.