• High net profits of 2024q1 and continued industry upswing
Chemicals lead, third-generation refrigerant hfcs quota, leading the country, and the main business covers the development, production and marketing of basic chemical, food packaging, fluorine and follow-on products.
Towards a sound business, high-quality development space, and a more competitive industry. 2024q1 completes the integration and tabulation of the limited Department of Chemical Industries in Sinoborg, resulting in a total of “1+3” refrigerants at the heart of the state port.
The global industry of fluorinated refrigerants, the global leader of a firm firm, has been operating on the ball layout. 2024q2, refrigerant prices have remained high overall, the East China region r22 and r32 quarter have supported incentives for household electricity consumption, and refrigerant prices are expected to rise further.
hfcs enter the quota management year, and industry patterns are expected to be optimized, and according to the Kigali amendment, China officially entered the production and consumption reduction cycle of hfcs in 2024.
The structure of the sector is expected to be optimized by organizing production operations without sufficient quotas or rapid clearance.
Publicity on the Issuance of Quotas for Use and Imports, the company ' s share of production of lfcs after the acquisition of chemical workers from the Uber Flying Sources totalled 27,88 million tonnes, representing 37.3 per cent of the total industry share, r32, r134a, r125 production quotas to 45 per cent, 35.5 per cent, 38.7 per cent, respectively
The industry is ahead of the industry, and companies are expected to obtain pricing rights for the hfcs industry. Continuous refinement of the chain layout of the fluorinated industry, multi-project advancement, and maintenance of strong R & D and project build-up to extend and complete the industry.
Current 100kt/a polyvinyl chloride dichloroethylene high performance barrier material project (phase II a), synthetic ammonia feedstock route and energy-saving abatement technology adaptation project, 120,000 tonnes/year organoethanol expansion project, 7,000t/afkm, 30kt/a coolant sea
The company is also planning to build new high-performance chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) material projects to further refine the company’s chain layout of the fluorine industry. Given that the company is the leader of an integrated domestic fluorine industry, it is expected to benefit fully from the system.
Refrigerant temperature up, while companies continuously promote high downside risks for fluorinated concentrates and fluorinated fluids; risk of high volatility in product prices; risk of less than expected project construction; risk of limited start-up by environmental policies; lower demand than expected
The company's profit projections (millions of dollars) were introduced by the Chemical Group, Zhang Weibao: M.A. Chemical, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were researched by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research experience, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.