Events: Companies released semi-annual reports for 2020, yielding 46,744 million yuan in revenue during the reporting period, resulting in significant efficiency gains to counter market price fluctuations
Quarterlyly, the 2020q2 harvest was 24,361 million yuan, an increase of 34.289 per cent and 8.8 per cent for the ring; the return net profit was 560 million yuan, an increase of 15.13 per cent and the ring increased by 25 per cent; and the achievement of a significant increase in the performance of the division was largely due to two reasons: 1) the company continues to drive down efficiency gains.
According to the current report, the company’s mining operations cost more than RMB 1 billion in the same period, of which the production and operation of Congolese copper and cobalt plates cost more than US$ 100 million in cash and the smelting process cash cost more than US$ 60 million in public dollars.
In the context of lower sales prices for the combined sale of products, the Division, through a series of efficiency mitigation initiatives, has increased the mining ring ratio, which is key to improving corporate performance. 2) Corporate cross-sales operations abroad have achieved better performance and contributed to net profit gains through fair value change, 2020h1.
The company relies on a well-developed global supply chain and customer system to promote business integration and resource contributions as the company’s new profit growth point.
Since the trade in ixm minerals was in the company ' s new business, 2020h1 generated $37.4 billion, accounting for about 80 per cent of the company ' s sales, excluding the mineral trade, and we calculated that: in terms of cost rates, the company ' s research assistant, Ongamin
The sales cost rate of 2020h1 was 0.46 per cent, which is essentially the same as the comparable rate; the management and finance rates rose by 7.03 per cent and 7.49 per cent, respectively, mainly due to the impact of the current trade in ixm basic metals and the company ' s reduced investment in R & D.
With regard to cash flows, the company ' s net cash flow of 2020h1 was $4.251 billion, a significant increase in performance over the same period; 2) trade in essential metals of ixm contributed significantly to the company ' s business. In addition, cash paid by the company to build fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets during the reporting period was the amount of cash paid by the company.
One hundred and ninety million yuan, a slight increase over the same period last year, relates mainly to the development of copper, cobalt and platinum projects.
It's a global metal trading network that covers 62 countries around the world. With its extensive business experience in mineral varieties such as copper and aluminium and cobalt, it can create complementarities with the company's four major mining sectors.
ixm20h1 contributes $300 million to the net profit of the mother, 30% of the net profit of the company in the first half of the year, and to a greater extent relieves the pressure of the first half of the epidemic on the company’s mining plates, reflecting the countercyclical nature of the business model.
The company’s metal trade services will be further upgraded. Double-wheel drive business growth model: domestic demand growth + external expansion. The company’s board of directors agreed to appoint Mr. Sun Ruiwen as president of the company, with overall responsibility for the company’s business.
The company has a successful project experience in mergers and acquisitions, but there is still some room for upgrading later in its operations. Mr. Sun has a rich experience in mining business management, has a unique professional insight into offshore resource development, and will have a strong professional background as president.
In addition, companies will in the future be better able to apply the two-wheel-drive business growth model “Intra-demand growth + outward-source expansion”: one that expands low-cost, low-risk expansion models and quickly converts resource reserve capacity into production; and the other that actively pursue high-quality mining.
Mountain resources, sustained attention to mining investment opportunities. The company is the leader of my national non-ferrous metal selection industry, and as the mineral trade continues to deepen, the Department is expected to further develop synergies with mining operations to optimize resource allocation and strategic decision-making.
Repeated overseas epidemics; project expansion projects at a slower pace than expected; risk of fluctuations in the prices of metal products. Chart 1 Company semi-annual collections and increases (billions, per cent) Chart 2 Company semi-annual gross profits and increases (billions, per cent)
Figure 3 Māori rates and net interest rate changes for companies (%) Figure 4 Roe (%) Figure 5 Cost changes for companies (%)
Figure 6 bi-annual capital expenditure of companies (millions of yuan) Figure 8 Sub-product income composition (excluding mining trade, millions of yuan) Chart 7 Inventory swing days and accounts receivable swing days (days)
Figure 9 Māori composition of sub-products (excluding mining trade, millions of dollars)
The company is the leader of my national non-ferrous metal-selection industry, as the mineral trade deepens, and the company has the potential to further develop synergies with mining operations, optimize resource allocation and strategic decision-making, and continue to expand to reduce efficiency gains, recurrent overseas epidemics, the pace of project expansion, and the risk of fluctuations in the prices of metal products.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.