q1 over-expected performance, full benefit to the idm tap - annual report and a quarterly review
The net profit of the mother was 964 million yuan, compared with the previous year ' s +140. The operating income was 2,045 million yuan in the first quarter of 2021, compared with the previous year ' s +47.92 per cent; the net profit of the mother ' s return was 40 million yuan, which was better than the high profile of the industry in the previous year, increasing the overall productivity utilization rate, full of hand orders, and the profitability of the product.
Market value in circulation (millions): The idm is expected to benefit fully throughout the year, with the 21q1 battalion collection ratio almost equal and the net profit ring ratio increasing significantly.
The output shortage is expected to continue throughout the year, with a continuous extension of the service life of the power plant and a severe structural shortage of 8 inches of capacity. The company, as the engine leader of the Idm model power plant, fully benefits from the industry’s high profile, the elasticity of performance resulting from higher prices, and the growth of 8/12 incubations.
Set additions completed, mainly for power semiconductor containment base construction, $3.8 billion for containment test standards, advanced panel-grade power products and special power products, master.
In the short term, the project combines the resources of the containment test chain to upgrade the back-track manufacturing capacity; in the long term, the project promotes the transformation of companies towards integrated integration.
Medium- and high-end product import substitution space is huge, with capacity expansion and technology development combined Technology: Middle- and low-voltage sgtmos has made a breakthrough in hot areas such as high-end power sources, communications equipment, and growth is expected over the next two years; high-voltage moss has reached well-known customers such as inverters, base-station power sources, etc.
National Dollar Securities Sector Strategy – Electronic Sector Strategy Report 2021: Power generation cooperation, fifth generation of ultra-finished products has stabilized. Broadband components continue to be introduced, sic sub-industry innovation and pattern re-engineering 2020.11.30.
Diodes have already achieved a small supply of goods. “Study of the State dollar securities industry - semiconductor industry assessment: 8 inches of crystal-crystal capacity: the no-tin 8-inch line is expected to release a portion of the capacity in the second half of this year; and the 8-inch line upgrade in Chongqing
The overall picture of the industry as a result of high-end product volumes, the share of owned products relative to the continued improvement in manufacturing costs is not as good as expected: output releases are not as fast as expected: supply risks in the industrial chain.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.