The profitability elasticity of the Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre will continue to increase at the power of idm. On April 29, the company published a quarterly report, which generated revenues of $2.04 billion in one quarter, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period;
The profit elasticity of the power idm is increasing by the season: 31.5% in the first quarter, compared to 6.6% in the previous quarter and 5.5% in the fourth quarter of last year.
The profit elasticity of the rising prices of power products and surrogates is expected to continue to rise in the second or third quarters of this year, and the elasticity of the company's performance is expected to increase on a seasonal basis, against the backdrop of the current growing shortage of crystal-circle capacity.
The current industry stock is low: due to the recovery in end-use electronics, automobiles, industrial demand, the cumulative demand for China Rough Microequity Acquisition Points-low-cost acquisitions of a small number of disease-related laptops has continued to be strong, with end-to-power products and 8-inch crystal-round demand for jobs.
Well blow-out growth, with most mosfet manufacturers currently at a health level of less than one month, 2. The China-Lunchian Annual Report pre-evaluates - performances are in line with expectations, and we believe that the constant increase in the prices of this roulette product is driven by real demand rather than by channels.
3. Three Quarterly Review of Hua Yunhue 2020 - Performance as scheduled, plus power semiconductor sealing, perfecting the idm layout: the company completes the fixed incremental project and proposes to invest $4.2 billion in standard power semiconductor products, advanced panel-level power products, special power half-conductor
On a global scale, the sealing capacity is an essential part of the main power poles, 4. "Advance evaluation - 8 inches of crystal round work scenes, upwards, because unlike digital integrated circuits, the power semiconductor chain has a higher value.
Quantified, plus power semiconductor seals are expected to increase the value added of the company’s products.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment