The annual report is over-expected, and the idm flagship profits accelerates the release of the investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the evening of April 29, 2021, Hua Yuwa released the annual report for 2020 and the quarterly report for 2021q1.
Billion dollars, +140 per cent, and performance is in line with prior-period performance reports.2 The company ' s business income of 2021q1 was 2,044 million, +47.92 per cent, and the net profit of the parent was realized on the basis of part of the company ' s stoppage during the spring season, with a net profit of q1
399 million profit rings grew by 44 per cent over the four quarters, thanks to a full increase in the price of the company's power products in the first quarter, a significant increase in the Māori rate, with a total Māori rate of 31.47 per cent for 21q1 and a high level in the last four quarters, highlighting the company's superiority in the Idm model and the resulting performance.
2. The year 2020 saw a steady breakthrough in product upgrades: by 2020, the company ' s autonomous production of super junction multi-layer extension technology was able to break through with a further increase in power density of more than 20 per cent; the igbt technology was upgraded from 6 inches to 8 inches, with autonomous R & D of 8 inches 1,200v, 650 vigbt
Art platforms have been established; companies take full advantage of the idm model and technological accumulation in the field of power devices to undertake sic power device development and release to the market the first generation of sic industrial-grade Short cylindrical series (1200v, 650v) with the first 6 inch commercial sic crystal production in the country
1. Three-quarter high growth, idm flagship profit, corporate short-term elasticity, medium-term investment logic and long-term development space: 1) High growth in industry + national production replacement acceleration: 22 billion spaces in the main power product mosfet
2. Hua Yunwa (688396.sh): The third generation of semiconductors opened up to growth in power in the idm country 8.7 per cent of companies, supply-side outbreak promotion patterns were optimized, new energy vehicles/photovolts/pens were required
The demand for power-driven semiconductors continues to improve, and the industry’s climate + share rises; several waves of product price increases have been opened in mid- and New Year’s Day and early April; and we have judged the power products to be completely eaten by ourselves.
In addition to the $50 billion market in the country's revenue vs) and the mcu (40 billion market in the country's revenue vs) and the new orientation of the company: igbt (110 million revenue vs market in the country's 16 billion market), third generation semiconductor: Hua Yumiti owns the first 6 inch commercial sic crystal line of production in the country and is positive
With a volume of 650v/1200vsic diode products, the whole industry chain layout can fully benefit from the future growth dividend in the sic sector, which is more than 10 times higher than the future.
Hua Yuu Wei Weiwei is the leader of the domestic power idm, which will fully benefit from the power of semiconductor national product substitution, product expansion and upgrading, and the third generation semiconductor dividend. The company is forecast to return home in 2021/2021/2022, taking into account its industry leadership, high short-term climate, space for long-term development and trade friction.
(b) Low demand for power semiconductors below expectations;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.