Performance meets expectations, pb has continued to grow in the size of its operations, and sales securities (600999) are reported in 2017.
Business Development Summary: Corporate overall performance is better than industry as a whole. The company’s share in the brokerage market has increased slightly and the commission rate has stabilized, and the revenue from the brokerage business has clearly outperformed the industry as a whole.
As these three operations are clearly better than the industry as a whole, the company’s overall business income is showing a small increase, with a stronger performance than the industry as a whole. The market share of brokering has recovered steadily.
The market share of stock-based transactions over the last few years has been declining, with further consolidation from the institutional client lead in 2013 and a sustained increase in the size of pb operations. In 2017, corporate funds were split into the top three branches of the industry for the third consecutive year.
In a position of industry leadership, companies are constantly upgrading their advantages in “sale capacity + financial promotion + fiduciary power + R & D capacity + voucher company pb system + financial power”, while companies also have the largest number of fund trustees (15694) and the largest fund trustee (almost $130 billion).
The advantages of scale and combined advantages of services are mutually reinforcing and represent a more obvious competitive advantage.
In 2017, the industry as a whole changed its bond cover business. Companies increased their support for financial institution clients and assets in the development of securities. In addition, the first banking class of reits, the first of ppp assets in support of securities, was more innovative.
The corporate bond cover for the entire year was $41,189 million, an increase of 45.11 per cent over the same year. The size of the portfolio continued to rise, and the position of the industry rose further. Against the backdrop of the decline in the size of the industry, the corporate portfolio grew backwards, from $62,982 million in 2016.
The models show varying degrees of growth. The size of the company’s business ranks 5th, up 3rd from the same year. Investment strategies: the company’s awareness of innovation and marketization is strong, and it is expected to capture the business’s development in the context of the transformation of the industry and gradually develop a competitive advantage. In 2017, many of the company’s operations emerged.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.