Autonomy to break through the joint venture to protect the co-dance escort — In-depth report of the Guangbang group (601238.sh) to pay for his research assistant.
The company’s products cover the entire chain of cars, spare parts, commercial services, automobile finance, etc.
The company is a leading company in the country in the automobile industry, with a total of 2 million vehicles sold in 2017, with a market share of 7%. A strong brand brand name rises intelligently and powered in parallel.
Intelligent collaboration and autonomous research and development explore new opportunities for future growth. A strong joint venture contribution to stable performance will soon lead to a loss of performance.
The bulk of the industry’s growth space has been scaled up to create new space. The automobile industry still has better room for growth, new energy and intelligent assistive production.
After the implementation of the solar distribution programme (10,213 million shares), the equity share corresponds to $1.38, 1.66 and $1.92 respectively. Since the strong rise of the main business, the high growth space has been spurred by the autonomous rise of the strong joint-venture escort, and the boom-car model has led to a change in the profits of the vulnerable joint-venture blocks.
The corporate sector has a strong lead, covering the first time that we have given an “enhanced” rating. Catalysts of stock prices: the emergence of a strong autonomous business; and the continued investment of new joint ventures driving performance growth.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
China’s automobile market still has a great potential for growth, with electricization and the upgrading of intelligent assistive industries. The company is China’s leading automobile industry, with strong joint ventures such as the Greater Richter and Hiromoto industries growing steadily, and joint ventures such as the Greater Mitsubishi and the Greater WikiLeaks are meeting the performance cut-off points. Through autonomous R&D and cross-border cooperation, the company’s smart driving and new energy vehicles are operating in an orderly manner, and there is new space for future growth.
Affordability forecasts and investment ratings: from 2018 to 2020, we expect BIG’s operating revenues to be $91.9 billion, $112.9 billion, and $134 billion, respectively, attributable to the mother-in-law.
The corporate sector has a strong lead, covering for the first time what we have given as an “enhanced” rating. World’s top 500, the whole industry chain layout company, was founded in 1997, and in June 2005, the company was transformed from Guangzhou Motors Group Ltd. to Guangzhou Motors Group Inc... August 2010, Hiro Gas Group.
Since 2013, the company has been in the Fortune magazine world for five consecutive years, with 238 companies in 2017, an increase of 65 places over 2016. The company’s actual controlling person is the Guangzhou City State Property Supervisory Board, which holds 53.64% of the company’s BIG shares through the Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd.
The company’s entire operations include automobiles and motorcycles, and spare parts such as motors, transformers, seats, car lamps, etc. Commercial and trade services cover sales, logistics, trade, used cars, dismantling, resource regeneration, and support services.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure and business framework (as of 31 March 2018)
In 2017, companies achieved a business income of $71,144 million, an increase of 43.96 per cent over the same period, and a net return of $4,786 million, an increase of 71.53 per cent over the previous two years. Since 2016, the company’s business performance has remained high for two consecutive years, with the strong rise of autonomous brands driving firms into growth. The return on corporate investment is an important underpinning of the company’s operating profits. In 2017, joint venture investment earnings amounted to $8,241 million, representing 70 per cent of the company’s operating profits.
The company’s most important joint venture block, Hiroshima Honda and Hiro Toyota, provide a steady growth performance contribution, with Hiroshima Toyota being the larger business module with larger dividends, with Toyota benefiting 2.206 billion won in 2017.
In 2017, the company sold two million vehicles for the first time, an increase of 21 per cent compared to the previous year. Five whole sections of the business, such as the BMX, were growing steadily. In 2013-2017, the company sold flatly and its market share rose from 4 per cent to 7 per cent.
In 2017, more than 330,000 vehicles were sold throughout the year by passing gs4, and the number of major brand sales continued to grow. In 2017, the volume of mass traffic sales exceeded half a million vehicles, a 36.7 per cent increase compared to the 36.7 per cent increase.
Finkle sales amounted to 205,000 vehicles, an increase of 40.11 per cent in the same year. Wide-blown Toyota, Hiroshima Honda, etc. Solar joint ventures increased steadily.
From 2016 to 2017, it benefited from a rapid expansion of autonomous sales, with a marked increase in the Māori rate of corporate operations. The business-scale effect showed a steady decline in corporate management costs from 9.2 per cent to 5.6 per cent between 2015 and 2017, with net interest rates declining steadily from 9.2 per cent to 5.6 per cent in 2013 and increased corporate profitability.
In 2016, the company launched such joint ventures as Honda, Jeep Freedom Man, and Jeep Southers. Autonomy models such as gs4 and gs8 became a bright new star in the Chinese brand market.
Autonomous plates are now branded with a series of ga4,ga6,ga8,gs4,gs8,gs7,ge3. Through years of learning and innovation, companies have matured into thousands, accounting for 65% of the sales in autonomous cars, and gs4 is ranked third in the suv market. In 2016, companies launched the first seven medium-sized subvs - passing gs8.
The average monthly sale of this model is about 8,000, the first successful impact of an autonomous brand on more than 200,000 suv models. In 2017, the company’s new product was launched at an accelerated pace, with the continued roll-out of new products such as gs7, gs3, gm8.
The company’s own brand also exports technology and products to the joint venture, passing new energy models into the joint venture of Mitsubishi, Toyota, Guangmob Fik, Hirobun Honda, and others, which was successfully downlined on December 19, 2017.
Figure 20: Distribution of gm8 sales units: a new product with a better pace of delivery, a strong Japan joint venture contribution and a higher rate of growth in Honda's performance. Hiromoto was founded in July 1998 by the company, Honda Tech-Industrial Corporation and Honda Tech-Industries (China) Investments Ltd.
Co-financing. At present, the three major brands, Honda, philosophy and song, have joined together, including car types covering the canopy, poetry, Yakaku, Odyssey, Ji Feidu, ideas s1, cdx, tlx, etc. In 2017, the total sales of the Honda stock amounted to 705,000 vehicles, an increase of 10.37 per cent.
In 2017, Hiro Honda achieved 710,000 and 705,000 vehicle sales, an increase of 11.81 per cent and 10.37 per cent compared to the previous year. Hiro Honda earned $92.011 billion in operating income, an increase of 21.33 per cent compared to the previous year. In 2016, Hiro Honda launched a medium-sized suv collage with a monthly average of approximately 7,200. As a traditional product of Hiroshima Honda, the monthly sale of Yakaku has risen steadily, with 150,000 vehicles sold throughout 2017.
Figure 23: Mainized vehicle sales in Honda, Hiroshima, 2014-2017: millions of yuan
Toyota has been growing steadily. Toyota was created in September 2004 by a joint venture between the company and Toyota. The Toyota model includes Camerre, Handa, showcasing, ch-r, Rayling, among others. In 2017, Toyota's performance grew steadily, with 439,000 and 442,000 vehicles sold, an increase of 3.76 per cent and 4.88 per cent. In 2017, Toyota earned 60.4 billion yuan, an increase of 4.57 per cent.
In March 2018, Camerre achieved a sales volume of 14,000, and the volume is expected to continue to rise. In 2018, Toyota will be imported into the new Che-r to fill the market gap in the small suv, while it will be imported into the net electric vehicle pattern of VI4, expanding the product array.
Figure 26: Large-bang Toyota mainstream vehicle sales units: one boom-bang-bang, joint-venture spot for performance, full-scale suv market, O'Rand break-out led by Hiro-bush Mitsubishi. In 2012, Hiro-bush Mitsubishi was run by the company, Mitsubishi Automobile Industrial Corporation, Mitsubishi Commercial Company.
At the moment, Hirogas Mitsubishi has a three-square model, high speed, and Euroland. In 2017, Hirogas Mitsubishi achieved 121,000 and 117,000 vehicles, an increase of 115.05% and 110.04%, respectively. Hirogas Mitsubishi generated business income of $17.95 billion, an increase of 75%.
This represents an increase of 408.6%, accounting for 71.8% of the total sales of Mitsubishi. In 2018, Mitsubishi is expected to launch a pure electric suv, an annual re-transfer of Eurolande and a full new suv model. The new model will continue to be launched, the volume of sales will continue to grow at a high rate, and it is expected to accelerate.
Sov's power is stale, and the sales are rising to a loss. Hiro Fyke was founded in March 2010 by a joint venture between the company and Fiat Chrysler, and now has two production bases in Changsha and Guangzhou. Hiro Fyke owns products such as Fifun, Joy, Jeep Free Light, Jeep Freeman, Jeep Guide, etc.
Jeep Freedom Light is the first jeep car to be produced by the Volkswagen Fike, and in 2016 the Freeman and the Guide became the Volkswagen Fike's main product. It benefited from the strong performance of the free light and other major vehicle models, with the first simultaneous breakthrough of 100,000 vehicles in 2016, with a growth of more than 271% compared to the previous year. In 2017, Volkswagen Fiffel continued to gain annual gains, with sales reaching 200,000 vehicles, 40% compared to the previous year, and business performance continued to improve.
It is hoped that the European-American joint-venture growth will continue. The capacity project will guarantee growth in performance, a front-loading of space for the future, the release of new products, and adequate market growth guarantees.
By the end of 2017, the company’s total vehicle capacity stood at 1.83 million. The company’s main business, the main business, was overworked, as a result of the rapid rise in market demand. In December 2017, the company’s output was fully overstretched.
In 2018, the company will promote 17 brand new and modified vehicles, including Yakot, Lim, etc., and new models such as Toyota-r, Mitsubishi and all-new Suv will soon be on the market.
There will be market entry. Autonomy and joint ventures, new sources of energy go hand in hand with traditional cars, product structures are improved, and integrated competitiveness is improved.
1. In the area of new energy automobile development, the gas industry is continuing its research and development in the area of new energy vehicles.
The company continues to promote new energy vehicles through initiatives such as the establishment of a new gas company and the construction of factories, the strengthening of forward-looking technologies and product development, and the introduction of new energy vehicles to joint ventures. In 2017, the company established a new energy company, the company created a new gas company, and the net power subge3 was marketed with steady growth. The company started building a new energy vehicle industry.
Projects such as gardens, new energy plants, etc., provide a solid basis for companies to take advantage of new spaces for electric power and networking. The new energy vehicle model has been successfully imported into joint ventures such as Mitsubishi, Toyota, Volkswagen Fike, Hiromoto, and others, which were successfully offline on December 19, and the synergies between the joint venture and autonomous operations in the new energy market have been more effective.
Figure 36: Digital Mitsubishi Pure Electric Sov-Gill Unit: In 2017, the company financed $14,917 million through a non-public share, involving a number of new energy vehicle research and development projects. The New Energy and Forward-looking Technology Research and Development Project is a technology-related development project for pure power-driven vehicles that completes a hybrid motor vehicle platform, a plug/add-in platform, a pure electric vehicle platform, and an interconnected smart vehicle platform.
The project is based on a platform for the development of the first a0-grade model, including a0-grade pure electric suv 2.
Open and mutually beneficial cooperation is an important way for companies to strengthen smart network technology research and development. In 2017, companies signed strategic agreements with partners such as Hua, Tetsu, Science and Technology, to promote technological and model innovation in areas such as big data, car networking, intelligent driving, and new energy sources.
In 2017, the company published the IUPAC concept vehicle, which uses the RTG “alincar” system and uses tether platforms such as security, content, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, and which is expected to create a full-scale experience of smart car life for consumers. In April 2018, the company witstarii was able to conceptualize the concept of a car display in Beijing, which already has intelligent driving functions such as route planning, simulating driving, etc.
The economy of China continues to grow steadily, with rising income levels, potential demand for automobile consumption in China remains huge, and automobile consumption remains “first-time-required”
China’s medium- and long-term automobile market still has a significant potential for growth, based on an international horizontal comparison of per capita gdp and vehicle holdings. In the short-term market trends, China’s vehicle market, taking into account such factors as the continued decline of the macro-economic growth and the fact that the upgrading of the automobile industry has not yet come to an end, maintained a low growth rate in 2018.
Suv fever, which has lasted for many years, remains the country’s favorite model, with 1,025,270,000 sports-type multipurpose vehicles sold in 2017, with a market share of 42%. Automobile consumption has increased, and the suv boom will continue, and it will remain an important engine of growth in the car market.
Faced with pressure to slow growth in demand for automobiles, a new round of re-engineering of the automobile industry began, and there was a clear shift in the class of the auto industry. With the high-quality products and firm strategies in place that are in line with the tide of the times, the Autonomous Power has been able to take advantage of the market dividends created by the growth of the car industry, such as the rapid rise in the Gilly Car ranking, which was not yet in the top 10 jobs in 2013 and the sixth largest sales in 2017.
In 2017, China’s new energy vehicle production was 794,000 and 777,000, respectively, an increase of 53.8% and 53.3%, respectively.
At present, new energy vehicles are in the process of industrial import, and the market is still a deformed market driven by fiscal subsidies and policy gains. In 2018, a two-point policy was formally implemented, which will promote the early deployment of the mainframe and the scaling-up of new energy products. Diversity reserves are an important feature of the development of new energy vehicles, and fuel cell vehicles are being encouraged.
The Government has strengthened its policy support in the area of smart driving, and the process of industrialization of smart driving is expected to accelerate, but the technology company-led cross-cutting development path is short term.
There is still no internal scope for scale production. In 2018, progressive intelligent pathways are expected to enter industrial processes, car networking, advanced assistive driving, etc. Auto-intelligent support capabilities are expected to be the first to break, taking into account long-distance driving requirements, commercial car claims for car intelligence, and the application of fixed-point lines for commercial long-distance transport, which are more beneficial to car-intelligence applications, and we expect intelligence processes in the commercial car field to take the lead in practical applications.
Profit forecasts, valuations and investment ratings Car operations: In 2017, a total of 509,000 vehicles were sold in a wide range of vehicles, an increase of 36.7 per cent compared to the previous year, with the traditional explosive vehicle models gs4 and gs8, new products such as gm8, gm6 and ga4 contributing to better product layouts, new energy vehicles also increasing the drive for autonomous development, and companies are expected to continue their strong growth in vehicle operations.
The level of Māori in auto-trading has remained largely stable. With new models, such as the New Yakaku and the new small Suvch-r, we expect a steady increase in the sales of Japanese joint ventures, such as Hiroshima Toyota and Hiroshima Honda.
The business performance of vulnerable joint ventures, such as the Greater Mitsubishi and the Greater Fico Fico, will continue to improve. We expect an average annual 11% increase in corporate joint venture returns between 2018 and 2020. Our projections for the main business income of the Broad Steam Group are as follows:
Wide-air groups are comparable to companies as shown in the following table: 14 times lower than industry averages. Strong joint ventures, such as big and big, have been growing steadily, and joint ventures, such as Mitsubishi, Hiro and Fico, have been able to meet the performance cut-off points.
The firm’s industry has a strong lead, covering the first time we have given a “growth” rating. Car markets are slowing down, segmenting competition is likely to become more hot, with some competitors growing stronger, and firms risk falling market shares.
3. There is a risk that the implementation of policy changes in the automobile industry will be more intense than expected than the implementation of policies in the automobile industry, such as liberalization, tariff reductions, etc., and that the implementation of policy change initiatives will be more aggressive than expected.
The report is prepared and published by the CVM. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, which supports and informs decision-making on investment in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers mentioned above.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.