I've got a lot of good news for you, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
On 4 December, the CSRC's DEC reviewed the company's non-public issuer's view: control of 40 million tonnes/year refining integration projects, and build a world-class petrochemical base. This private stock release raised $6 billion, mainly for the Zhejiang petrochemicals industry.
The total size of the project is 40 million tons of refined oil, 10.4 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, 2.8 million tons of ethylene, with one phase of 20 million tons of refined oil, 5.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, 1.4 million tons of ethylene, with a total investment of 90,156 million yuan and a capital of 25,667 million yuan.
Oil is good for oil, multi-yield aromatic hydrocarbons, focusing on aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene, new chemical materials, high-value additional chemicals, taking into account the high demand for gasoline and aviation kerosene, and low-yield diesel. Outside the company’s holdings, a loan of $60.7 billion for the first tranche of the project is under review.
“Chemical” refineries are conducive to the use of the company's “oil-px-pta-pair” industrial chain. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) ttpx, 900,000 tons of polypropene, 220,000 tons of butadiene, 1.2 million tons of styrene, 260,000 tons of styrene.
Polycarbonate (PCA) will contribute to the reduction of domestic success from several major oil refining projects in 2019 after delivery. The 3-quarterly report (002493) is in line with the excess effect of the oil. The company is producing 1.6 million tons of px, 500,000 tons of benzene, and 13.5 million pta.
During the period, the petrochemicals have been steadily advancing, continuing to be laid in tons (6 million tonnes of interest) and 1 million tonnes of silhouette. Due to the high external dependence of our px, the industry chain -- 2017/10/27.
As the country’s major refineries become operational, it is expected to produce more than 17 million tons of new px production in the future, and investors are now generally worried about the px’s high profits.
The same ratio +10.93%. The pta shutdown and new expansion projects are also concentrated, respectively, on the replacement of backward production capacity and on the champions, and the production of undownstream polyesters with pta production is expected to be under greater pressure. In January-October 2017, the country consumed 19.35 million tons of filaments, compared to 9.17%.
In the future, the demand for long-line scrubbers is expected to grow by more than 6%, while output growth is less than 4%, and is concentrated in leading firms, and industry concentration will increase further. Profit forecasting and investment ratings.
Undisclosed shares are approved, capital canoe projects are further advanced, undisclosed shares are approved and capital canoe projects are further advanced.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.