The company benefited from the pta industry warming and the petrochemicalization of the future.
We've been communicating recently with listed companies about their operations and their future development.
More than 50%, and the average price difference is $330/t. However, the price increase for fuel oil is far less than that for fuel oil, at less than 5%, so fuel oil preparation px has a cost advantage. Px downstream pta has recently been reproducing and putting into production, downstream demand is high, and overall px climate continues.
Gold petrochemicals in the Division, using fuel oils mixed with petrocephalus oils, are currently undergoing technological changes with the objective of increasing the proportion of fuel oils imported to reduce the cost of px production. In the future, the production costs of px in gold petrochemicals will be lower, and will be more competitive than the traditional pecephalic cracking process in the current market.
The pta industry continued to warm up in comparison with the trend of depth 300, and it is expected that profits will continue to rise in 2018. The pta industry has been warming since 2017, with an average annual price of $5176 per ton, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the previous year.
The price difference from raw materials px was $672 per ton, an increase of 28.0 per cent, and the average price difference for the second half of the year was $944 per ton, the highest since 2013. We believe that the heat recovery in the pta industry was mainly due to the increase in demand for downstream textile clothing, and the data from the National Statistical Office show that domestic retail sales of clothing and textiles were equal to that in the first 11 months of the year.
This represents a 7.6% increase, compared to a 1% increase in the same year, with a projected annual increase of 3-4 million tonnes in polyester production, with a corresponding boost of 2.6-3.5 million tonnes for pta. Domestic pta capacity has stagnated in recent years, and industrial start-up rates have remained constant this year in the tons. pta sector, which began to recover.
The growth of tons of productive capacity is expected to continue to improve the pattern of supply and demand in the pta sector next year. The company has more than 6 million tons of pta equity, with average processing fees of less than 500 yuan per tonne, with a high degree of elasticity at the current price differential of about 1,000 yuan per ton, and a single ton profit of 400-500 yuan per ton per ton.
The Zhejiang petrochemical project has been steadily moving forward and will become a point of view for the future performance of the company The Zhejiang petrochemical construction project 40 million tonnes/yearly for the integration of aromatic hydrocarbons, 2.8 million tonnes of ethylene, 1.4 million tonnes of benzene and ethylene, which is planned to be operational by the end of 2018 to the beginning of 1919. The aim of the company's refining project is to produce multiple products.
Hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, and finally oil products. The petrochemical project has a high degree of refining integration, while the petrochemical project aromatics are at the forefront of the industry and will be the company’s performance point in the future.
The price differentials have continued to grow, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. Large rises, and air waste continues to drive the synthetic gas industry chain. Yang Lin, Master of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Certified Accountant of China, formerly PricewaterhouseCoopers, National Capital Securities, and Chemical Industries of the Pacific Securities Institute.
First author, Director of Industry, published two papers in the international prestigious Sci journal and joined the Chemical Team of the Institute of Civil Securities in April 2017. Fan Jinsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lear, France.
The civil war sub-industry has been thoroughly researched, and has successfully recommended Qi Shangtengda, Jacques Technology, Daozhou Ming Ju, Zao Lisshu, Two Arrows, Norpshin, Singley Union, Cao Lilly, Nakayama University, Bachelor of Science in Applied Chemistry, Duke University, and Master of Engineering Management, joined the civil-military securitization chemical team in September 2017. The author has a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the reports are obtained from the Compliance Committee.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,