The tri-quarterly report meets expectations, the chromosomes are moving steadily, and the layout continues to cut through the industrial chain.
The price difference for the company pta increased in the third quarter, the price difference for the px was narrow, and the Maori rate fell. Prices for the pta in the third quarter were strong downstream, devices such as supply-side resilience were checked and parked, and the industry stock was low in many ways so that it could rebound quickly, with an average price of $5160 per ton in the third quarter, up 380 ton/ton over the second quarter.
The pta plate processing fees followed in September were $778 per ton, $688 per ton and $751 per ton, a quarterly average of $739 per ton, an increase of about $400 per ton over the second quarter.
Compared to the first three quarters of last year, the amount of $2550 per ton fell by 220 tons, and the company's Māori ratio for the first three quarters of the year was Qing Yue Quantico (002493).
Establishment of Zhejiang Oil to contribute to the Great Refinery Project
The proposed scope of operations includes: nanomaterials, high-performance membrane materials, complex membrane research and development, Emeritus petrochemicals (002493) Performance instruments 2016, petroleum, chemical products (except hazardous chemicals), wholesale and sale.
The polyester industry chain performance is expected to improve the existing industry chain, promote product upgrading, and expand the company’s profit margins. The zirconization project is moving steadily, working together with the Zhejiang Oil Group to pave the road to finished oil.
The Pta Industry Leader Project (51% equity) is divided into two phases, planning a total of 40 million tonnes/year, with high performance elasticity, and making a great deal of aromatic aromatics in the future.
The first phase of the project, which began construction in June 2017, is scheduled to be worth more than 20 million euros for the petrochemical phase, of which 600 million are claimed by major shareholders. The company works with Zhejiang Oil, which is designed to operate mainly in the following areas: crude oil, finished oil, fuel oil.
Storage facilities, investment construction and management of distribution networks, import, export and wholesale retail operations, paving the way for the sale of oil products produced by petrochemicals.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.