The Pyrochemical Assessment Report (002493) reported a significant increase in construction work and a full-scale construction phase of zolpidem.
Shen Xiaogen issued a three-quarterly report, yielding $52,363 million in January-September, i.e. +66.7 per cent of the year's revenue; and the net return to the mother was achieved, resulting in a decline in the ring comparison, which guided more optimistic expectations throughout the year: the increase in revenue during the reporting period was mainly due to the increase in revenue.
Significant growth in trade from pta and a similar increase in the average load of gold petroq1. q3 quarter, $452 million, stable, with a slight decline in the performance ring, mainly due to the three-quarter fuel-for-reflection preparations of the middle gold petrochemicals, low-loading of fuel plates, a steady decline in the price of benzene-fuel oil over the same period, and a drop in the price of benzene-powder oil.8
In late September, the petrochemical phase-out began, and four quarters of the device is planned to be optimized. Given the simultaneous impact of the tests on performance in three or four quarters, we believe that the annual reporting guidelines of 19.2-2.21 billion to 22.1 billion are more optimistic.
Cash flow of $3.52 billion, with the impact on cash flow eliminated in the semi-annual report due to the change in the duration of the letter of credit.  Construction in progress has increased significantly, and carcinogenization has entered the full construction phase: the highlight of the three-quarterly paper is $5.15 billion in the construction process, a significant increase of $3.7 billion over the six-month period, representing an increase in the installation of carbide earth and equipment.
The advance was also substantially increased by $3.5 billion over the six-month period reported, as a result of an increase in prepaid engineering equipment for petrochemicals, which, in our judgement, is now in the full construction phase. The petrochemical 40 million tons of refining was approved by the Commission in mid-May this year, followed by a first phase of construction on 4 July.
Having completed 51% of the stake a day into the business changes of listed companies, and noting that the construction of the Asset Assessment Day was only $729 million, we do not believe that the determination and pace of construction should be underestimated. Moreover, the company’s petrochemical project, which has been distributed in private, has been steadily advancing and is currently in the feedback phase of the SEC.
The petrochemicals contribute to the effective breakthrough of the policy barriers: the company’s controlling subsidiary, Zheliumization and Zhegen, co-financed the establishment of Zhejiang Province Oil Co. Ltd., with a registered capital of 11 billion yuan, which is held by the State Enterprise Group, with 40% of the company’s funds.
Logistics, wharfs, wholesale retailing, exports, etc. have strong policy barriers and are not liberalized for private enterprises in the current environment. We believe that a two-way mix of ownership model through zolpidem (national capital-led equity) and zirconization (national capital-led equity) is expected to make an effective breakthrough.
Close the policy barriers in the field and address key issues such as the sale of finished oils.  Secularization should not be understood simply as conventional private refining: due to institutional constraints, conventional image-making makes 1. Pride petrochemical evaluation report: working together.
Markets have doubts about the future prospects of private refining, and we remind investors that petrochemicals and the "two buckets of oil" model establish a significant difference between the refining model.
With the strong support of the state and provincial governments, the industrial chain has its own aromatic needs and the oil produced in the province, and 2. The Pyrochemical Assessment Report: The semi-annual report is consistent with the huge downstream needs of acrylic hydrocarbons as a guarantee.
It is expected that future attention will be focused on two major points - the petrochemical "two barrels of oil" model, which establishes a series of moves, speed, clear thinking, repeated supermarkets and our expectations, which are a strong example of the executive power of companies and provincial governments, as well.
In view of the above background, we believe that petrochemicalization, private refining of the dragons, has taken off.
The future should not simply be understood as a conventional private refining project, and it is worth looking forward to. 4. Precious petrochemical depth report: Injection 5. Precious petrochemical point assessment report: significant in the first quarter.
The increase is due to an increase in the rate of start-up in China’s gold petrochemical industry – 6. Emeritus petrochemical evaluation report: the annual report is short-lived. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.