The company was founded in 2009 and is run by the main company, idc.
The company's main office is located on the porch, and in recent years the director's triangle, the Grand Bay area, the Chenglong economic circle, and the northwest. Unlike most of the country's opponents, the company has always focused on the development and operation of super-large campuses.
Data centres, with a business model based on a wholesale business model, with a core of direct clients as operators (telecom and connectivity, with a 21-year collection ratio of more than 90%), end-user Internet giants (headlines, Hwa, Kyoto, USA, fast hands, etc.) and national ministries, among others. The data centres are constantly delivering after delivery, with strong corporate growth dynamics.
In the first three quarters, $1.989 billion was collected, an increase of 33.69 per cent over the previous three quarters, resulting in a net return to the mother of $821 million, an increase of 58.60 per cent over the previous three quarters. In 2018-2021, the return to the cagr was 48.23 per cent.
Idc has a large industrial space and is expected to accelerate the development of a complex of park-level data centres. 1) Need to \triangleright: technology upgrades drive 5g, cloud computing release needs, Chinese idc size 2017-2021 composite
The growth rate is 30.78%, and the overall trend is high. On the basis of the market landscape, the policy side has been accompanied by the “digital economy” and “East and West” policies that boost demand, and more recently by new dynamic energy generated by the chhatgpt hotspots. As demand continues to grow, the idc sector is expected to accelerate development; 2) Supply side: gains
There are four main advantages: 1) outstanding, professional operating capabilities; 2) large-scale procurement that can meet large clients; 3) easy and flexible expansion; 4) energy-saving measures that are easy to achieve, owing to the large number of machines, to reduce carbon emissions. Third, the sector-level data centre accelerates its development and is expected to become the dominant trend in the future of the industry and accelerates its development.
The company’s combined competitive advantage is clear, and a new period of opportunity for development is emerging. The company’s resource strength, operational capacity, and profitability are among the top industries. Its mature “self-inflicted self-carriage” model is grounded by many years of project experience, tied to downstream operators’ clients, with full competitiveness.
Looking to the future, the company is also looking ahead to five regional and six data centres, with a wealth of resource reserves, which are expected to expand continuously in the high idc industry, leading to a new round of developments.
The data centres are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the light of industrial trends such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and 5g. Consider the firm’s combined competitive advantages and adequate resource reserves, it is expected to accelerate development.
\triangleright 1 park level \idc leader, strong growth power 1.1 is a leading domestic Idc solution provider
Yunzawa is the leading provider of the idc solution in the country. The company was founded in 2009 and is based in the main idc transport service business. The company’s main office is located in the gallery, where the director’s triangle, the Grand Bay area, the Chengjing economic circle, and the north-west have evolved in recent years.
According to the Centre, the business model is based on a wholesale business model, with the core direct clients being operators (telecom and connectivity, over 90% in 21), end-user Internet giants (headlines, China, Kyoto, USA, fast hands, etc.) and national ministries, among others. The data centres are constantly delivering after delivery, with strong corporate growth dynamics.
The corresponding increase is 58.60%. In 2018-2021, the income capr was 48.23%. The parent profit capr was listed in 2022 by Shell Prissing, the first share of the business board. Prissin put the total assets and liabilities, with the exception of 100% of Coman’s equity, at $602 million, as an asset, in the form of an infusion.
The capital reorganization began on October 28, 2020 with the announcement of a cut-off, and in June 2021, Prishtinian shareholders were granted a large share in the stock market.
On September 13, the company’s securities were officially changed from Priscene’s name to Yun Zeko technique.
Rainsee technology has always focused on the development and operation of mega-data centres, and the business model is based on a wholesale business model. The rental service business model of the data centre consists of a wholesale and retail one, a wholesale data centre, a customized server hosting service for large Internet companies or telecommunications operators, usually and jointly.
The retail data centre service provides a relatively standardized server hosting service and a network bandwidth service for clients such as small and medium-sized Internet companies, general enterprises, etc. Unlike most domestic data central producers, Yunzer technology has focused on developing and operating mega-data centres. The first data centre a1 is available.
After a period of time, the successor data centre was transformed into a cooperation model with telecommunications operators, mainly from China's Beijing branch of telecommunications and China's North Utility branch of telecommunications.
Rainsee technology can provide a professional design capability, full capacity-building, high-quality transportation capability in the data centre industry by working with telecommunications operators to obtain better customer resources, speed up power access to the engine room and increase power efficiency; telecommunications operators can leverage their brand advantages, Internet bandwidth operations, integrated solutions
By providing capacity, cooperation with Rwasawa technology can strengthen the control of core clients by locking in core cooperative housing resources, such as Kyoto, without major capital expenditures. Under this model, the two sides complement each other and form a mutually beneficial profit-making model.
Figure 3: Wholesale business model Figure 4: Retail business model Direct clients of companies are mainly operators (telecommunication and connectivity, over 21 years of income from operators)
The end-user places its servers and related equipment in the company’s data centre, and the data centre infrastructure is managed by the company at a level of operating services agreed upon with the client 365 x 24 hours a day, to ensure that the data centre infrastructure is in place.
Effective and safe working conditions that guarantee the safe and sustainable operation of user servers and related equipment. 1.3 Corporate equity is concentrated, with Zhou being the real controller of listed companies and Zhou being the actual controller of listed companies. Corporate equity is concentrated, corporate equity is concentrated.
Before going on the market, a number of strategic investors were introduced in the country.
1.4 The data centre continues to deliver, with sustained high performance growth The firm's performance continues to grow robustly and net operating cash flows increase year by year. The revenues of $1,989 million were realized in the first three quarters of 2022, representing an increase of 33.69 per cent and a net return to the mother of $821 million, an increase of 58.60 per cent.
The growth patterns around the company's “self-investment, self-building, self-reliance, self-carriage” show significant economies of scale, with the company's Māori and Profit Rates of 53.96% and 34.49% respectively in 2021, with profitability at the top of the industry.
In the recent period, companies have issued a 2022 performance forecast, which shows an overall downward trend in cost rates, as shown in figure 11: the continued high growth in net operating cash flows.
2 Technology upgrades drive the idc industry landscape, park-level data centres have significant advantages and are expected to accelerate the development of 2.1 demand side: technological advances drive the idc development and industry continues to grow at a high rate
2.1.1 Technological advances drive the development of idc, industry maintains high growth, technology upgrades drive the development of idc, industry continues to grow high. Data centre demand continues to grow high with the rapid development of the 5g, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence industries.
The heart racks grew from 63.74 million to more than 7.53 million, with a compound growth rate of over 10%. China’s market has shown a much higher profile, with fleets growing from 1.66 million in 2017 to 5.2 million in 2021. The idc market has continued to grow at a rate of more than 9%, and China’s idc market has grown from 51.28 billion in 2017.
Figure 13: Global idc market size and growth Figure 15: Global data centre rack and acceleration Figure 16: China data centre rack and acceleration
2.1.2 The size of the idc market is expected to continue to expand, with policies such as the digital economy and the East-West accounting policy accelerating industrial development. In 2021, the digital economy of our country made a new breakthrough, reaching 45.5 trillion yuan, more than double its expansion in the early years of the 13th Century.
In terms of economic contributions, the digital economy has become the driving force behind regional economic development in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and other provinces and cities, with a digital economy of over 50% gdp. Figure 17: Size of China’s digital economy market
The country is developing a digital economy, with a huge demand for digital transformation, and our data centres will remain in high demand for the long term. Digitization is a major trend in our times, and the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, which was rolled out in 2020, has accelerated the overall advent of the digital era. In 2022, our country continued to enact policies to promote digitalization.
The report on the work of the Government of the State Council of March 2022 mentioned the need to build a digital information base and to build a national system of integrated large data centres for the development of the digital economy.