The era of mega-data centres, with professional services luring the digital economy Investment rating: Purchase (first) & Rendering Technology: Third Party idc Head Office, re-entering the market to launch a new race by re-entering the country.
Yunzawa Technology is the leader of the rapidly rising national mega-data centre, August 2022.
The company’s prices compare to the 300-year-old trend, and the company’s current revenue contribution is the international information port in the gallery, with 22 projects planned for as a whole.
At the end of the third quarter of 2022, the project had been delivered 46,000 containers and the remaining 24,000 units in sector a will be operational in 2023. The company plans 290,000 containers nationwide in advance, counting the core nodes around East and West, completing the layout of the five major computing hub nodes, which are expected to form Kyoto in the future.
• Idc Industry: The logic of supply and demand is being reshaped and the age of super-large data centres is emerging. idc is an important part of the data centre investment, and the core demand logic is a net increase in servers.
The net increase in the number of servers usually reflects new demand from downstream customers, and we believe that the growth in the idc industry is more correlated with the increase in side flow and numeracy of applications. According to scientific advice, our services will increase at a much faster rate.
Third-party idc has two main ways, one focusing on profitability, the pursuit of high-irr, the other on the public sector, such as the new Halo Network, the other on growth capacity, the rapid expansion of the cash flow cycle, which represents a number of reversals in supply and demand patterns, and the industry is expected to enter a period of steady growth.
At the end of the demand side, we see a divide in demand between the Internet and cloud computing industries, and the potential for digitalized traditional industries to transform markets.
The increase in the Matthews effect and the increase in east-west flow within the data centre was 16.7 per cent of the super-large data, of which the hyperscale type amounted to 29.2 per cent, the supply side, the third-party idc market was rising from year to year, and the cr10 showed a trend of rising, falling and rising, the future.
Good customers, good models, good sizes, excellent financial performance.
In the wholesale sales model of the operator, a 10- to 15-year service contract was signed with the operator, with income stability and cash flow. On the other hand, the byte beats as the company’s top customer, and the high-speed growth of the Chinese Internet miracles.idc service providers are expected to continue to benefit. We measure the byte beats.
In 2022, more than 100,000 data centre cabinets were needed, and according to a synergy study, byte beats have leaped to the seventh largest data centre in the world in 2021q2. The company insists on self-sustaining, value-added high ground, electricity, depreciation, manpower.
In addition, the company will optimize the cost of transportation of its own manpower in the future by acquiring a smart lift.
In addition, companies have an advantage in investing in single cabinet investment costs, cash flow campus-style mega-data centres are usually customized to large clients' needs, climb up faster and net interest rates will improve significantly with the build-up rate, thus generally achieving the desired irr.
Clients and good models will enjoy mega-data centre growth Beta, with first-time coverage to “buy-in” clients less than expected, new customers imported less than expected, higher electricity prices having a poor impact on the Māori rate, new projects pre-project low corporate profitability, and new project delivery less than expected
1 Rainside Technology: Third Party, idc Head Corp., Radiation from the Gallery, National, Reorganisation of the Market Starts a New March, Rainseed Technology: Leader of the Rapid Rise of the Super Large Data Center.
One of the fastest-growing third parties in the country, idc, after more than a decade of construction, has made the company's galleries International Information Port the largest park-level data centre in the country. The company has reached the level of industry leadership in terms of the number of hangars, the size of the rooms being built, the core regional layouts, and the small number of countries that have access to international authority at the same time.
After re-marketing through reverse purchases, Preishin’s original packaging and irrigation equipment has been stripped off, and the listed companies in the 2022rd quarter have achieved a significant increase in revenues and profits. Yunzawa’s technology camps have grown rapidly, and profitability is high.
Ten years of industrial capital and reorganization of marketed equity and management stability were favoured. Rune technology was created in 2009 by Skychild Communications and the Beijing Starfleet.
Skychild Communications, Focusing on the Development of the Urban Area Information Management Network, has built more than 2,000 kilometres of the network in Anhui, Shandong, Jiangxi, and Beijing-Tungzhou, and has established stable partnerships with operators and accumulated extensive experience in communications engineering and project-based information management. In 2020, the company underwent equity restructuring and introduced the Chinese gold, sauna, and compost.
Financial capital, such as Hiro, was successfully listed in 2022. Chart 3 Reorganization of the stock structure following the completion of the reconstitution of Yunzawa Technology.
In recent years, Idc investment has grown rapidly as the core node of the national data centre in Kyunjin. Yunzawa International’s letter is a million machine cabinets. As of the end of the 2022rd quarter, the Yunzawa Palace has delivered eight containers of the drop-in data centre at 46,000, a region-wide.
As the largest park-level data centre in Kyoto, the Yunzawa Palace will continue to grow to meet clients’ needs, and the earlier data centres, a1, a2, a3, a5, a6, a18, will remain largely full and operational. The main reason for the sustained expansion and rapid climb of the Yunzawa data centre is the pre-positioning and expansion.
The company adheres to a self-inflicted self-inflicted self-inflicted self-delivering model, with the advantages of being large, concentrated, scalable, etc., which helps to create a long-term, stable and reliable operating environment. Moreover, RainzeTech has the overall operating cost control capacity of the leading data centre in the country throughout its entire life cycle, and an information conduit.
With the lead in technology, it has developed the Hot Humid Detection Data Clouds platform, the Integrated Surveillance Alert Network platform, the Machinehouse Network Control System, the Security Management System, and so on.
The core nodes of the East and West count have layouts and long-term hangar planning amounted to 290,000. From a space layout point, the company has completed the layout of five nodes in the country's eight computing hubs, including the International Port of Information of the Kyoto Tribune (a plan of 70,000, b plan of 60,000), the International Port of Information of the Long Triangle Pil Lake (planning of 54,000, of which 12,000), and the Grand.
At the time point, it appears that projects that are expected to be operational by 2023 are expected to be launched by 2023.
This includes 12 in Kiryua, 2 in Pinghui, 2 in Huixiang, 3 in Fuoshan, 2 in Chongqing and 2 in Lanzhou, which provide a solid basis for companies to grow their performance over the next two years. The company adheres to the large scale of the park level data delivery model, which is consistent with the strategic plan of the country's East and West Counts, and has been scaled up through the Corridor International Information Port Mark project.
The client accepts the favor and hopes to replicate the success on an ongoing basis. Chart 8 is a forward-looking national layout of 290,000 cabinets, deep binding operators, and end-users cover mainstream high-quality Internet and cloud companies.
In recent years, the wholesale model of operators has developed rapidly, mainly because of the growing demand for idc from the three major operators as key drivers of the digital transformation of government and business, and because of the limitations on the length of the approval process and geographical resources, often requiring cooperation with third parties.
Technology development and operators have developed interdependent partnerships, with combined telecommunications, connectivity receipts accounting for more than 95 per cent in 2021, but according to the company restructuring report, Beijing Telecommunications has also procured 55-60 per cent of its purchases from companies in recent years.
For end-users, since 2019, the company’s long-standing co-operative major clients have been Internet and cloud giants such as bytes, titties, Kyoto East, Fast Hand, and the United States Corps. The byte beats have been increasing in the company’s collection ratio, showing that the company’s professional service capabilities and flexible space have continued to be a core idc supplier in recent years.
Figure 11 Rhodes technology's important direct and terminal idc client 2idc industry: supply and demand logic is being re-created, super-large-scale data are coming up with the central age.
idc: an important component of the data centre investment, the logic of which is a net increase in the number of servers. The data centre investment is divided into idc infrastructure (mainly civil, electrical, mechanical, refrigeration, monitoring, etc.) and int equipment (mainly servers, storage equipment, switchboards, firewalls, etc.), and data centre full life cycle installation.
The principle is to maximize the effective share of investments in it equipment, i.e. to minimize the share of idc infrastructure tco (reflecting the pursuit of high-irr and pue at the capex end), so the trend in idc investment is modularization, large-scale modelling, greening. According to the RUNZET Reorganization Report, the current investment agreement for the third party in the country is an idc single case.
One hundred and thirty thousand dollars, assuming that all of them are mainstream 7kw cabinets, with an average of 70 per cent on board, and that there are probably about 10 single cabinets in the range, so that the investment in single cabinets is around 700,000, the share of data centre Idc infrastructure and IT equipment is around 5:1 and the larger the ratio of data centre IT equipment is.
The arrival volume of the server basically determines the capacity needed to accommodate the idc cabinet, but given the downside of the old server, the additional demand for idc is not equal to that of the server, but is related to a net increase in the server volume. The net addition of the server is often a low degree of expansion or new demand associated with the depreciation cycle, which usually reflects the needs of visitors.
With new demand, we believe that the growth of the idc sector is more correlated with the growth of side flow and arithmetic. According to a scientific consultant, the size of the idc cabinet over our size is expected to reach 5.4 million in 2022, the size of the traditional idc service market is $143.9 billion, and the net increase in server capacity of 2022-2030 is 9.1%, and with the build-up.
Chart 14: Our traditional idc market or break through 200 billion yuan in 2024 Chart 13: The Idc cabinet over our size has been growing rapidly for five years.
Similarly, the selection of a location for prior investment is an important consideration, with the profit/loss balance rising rapidly behind the margin as the rental rate rises. But with the introduction of the East-West count and the construction of the Internet node, the competitiveness of the idc project is affected by the fact that the location is mainly a service of quality, elasticity and value-added services.
It is argued that the core competitiveness of idc is resource endowment (mainly energy consumption targets, network nodes, power infrastructure, water and gas supply) and service capacity (including smart lifts, energy conservation, elastic expansion, network security, etc.). The price of the idc market also usually reflects the supply-demand relationship, and we see that prices in the first line of cities are still strong.
The price of the first-line city satellite city is divided (higher in Beijing, falling in Shanghai, more stable in the Great Bay region), while the western part of the East and West Asian hub nodes is dominated by wholesale custom, depending on the negotiating price of individual clients.
Based on a front-line urban and peri-urban layout, clients are also dominated by high-value customers such as government, finance, large Internet, typical companies such as the New Halo Network, Treasure Software; another is a growth-oriented, fast-expanding drive to capture a revolving cash flow, usually with a faster build-up cycle and larger long-term planning, representing companies such as Universal.
And the park-wide wholesale idc, which is represented by Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin data, is better tied to large clients, has short shelf cycles, stable orders, and usually increases in size at a time when profitability is significant. In terms of supply and demand patterns, we see that the idc industry has experienced multiple reversals of supply and demand.
With the rapid growth of mobile Internet and cloud computing, the domestic idc industry is in a period of rapid growth, but owing to the tight regulation of the various land-use indicators, the idc manufacturers with location and resource endowments have received attention as typical seller markets. After 2020, with the promotion of new capital policies, governments have released adequate energy consumption targets, and new players have continued to do so.
Cross-border entry into the industry, but with the peak of Internet dividends and the emergence of strong Internet regulation, the idc has been adjusted around the year and the capacity to produce is largely cleared, together with the introduction of the New Data Centre's Three-Year Development Plan, which fundamentally balances the supply and demand order and enters a period of steady development.
At the end of the income: Idc income = number of containers dropped * single case rent *, Idc growth concern marginal increase. First, the climb in the stock cabinets is the most important factor affecting income, so rents for single cases tend to affect the volume of project income (e.g. higher electricity-bearing than non-power-free, retail than wholesale prices).
Second, after the build-up rate is near saturated, growth is mainly based on the addition of machines, which often result in changes in the overall Māori rate in the balance of gains and losses, so multi-project-type idc tends to have a robust rise in income but a rise in Māori staircase spirals in the long run.
When the atmosphere is higher, the market tends to have a higher Beta, and investors are more concerned about the impact of changes in the Māori rate on profits. When the industry’s landscape returns, the market is more concerned about income growth.
Cost end: Self-build and lease, whether to contain electricity, depreciation amortization (the upper ratio) is the main factor contributing to the difference in the Māori rate.
1) where electricity costs are usually the most costly, while retail-type idc usually achieves a much higher Māori rate at a significant price difference, and where unelectricated custom-based idc is usually less expensive and earns less, Māori rate 2) where depreciation amortization is related, on the one hand, to the acquisition cost of fixed assets and the age of depreciation, and, on the other hand, to the depreciation of fixed assets.
The role in fixed costs is often closely related to the acetivation rate, so the large idc of the high-prevalence park usually has a better amortization of depreciation. For example, lunzeTech has increased its depreciation/income share by the same amount as the depreciation/income share has fallen.
3) Leased idc usually incurs greater additional costs if it is just a rental of a house, self-constructed mechanically, with a rent of only 5-10 per cent, and if the container is also leased, usually the rent is larger, Māori 4) bandwidth is usually purchased from the operator, which is also divided into services containing bandwidth and customer orders to the operator.
The way in which the large Internet customers are processed, often because of the volume of purchases or the need for customization of the network, they choose to move to other aspects alone (5), the idc, which has better digital transport modes, usually has lower costs in terms of manpower, services, and the idc, which has been given infrastructure resources, may have an advantage.
Figure 15 Comparison of the cost structure of the different business models idc and the Māori rate Demand side: Internet and cloud computing industries have divided demand, industry digitalization has the potential, and the ratio of hyperscale will continue to rise. The industry structure of server output has a reference price for the idc demand judgement
Value. According to the idc2021 Chinese server market tracking report, the top five sectors of domestic output are the Internet (covering cloud computing), telecommunications, finance, government, and services. In 2021, domestic Internet service servers reached 1.67 million and largely dominated the market.
According to idc, domestic top5 Internet companies (including Ali, bytes, tether, centimeters, fast-trackers) accounted for nearly 70% of the demand in 2021, while new tot markets accounted for over 50%.
Server markets account for 47%, 53%, 63%, respectively, and cloud computing markets have a very clear scale effect, reflecting the strength of the strong. After 2021, as cloud computing market patterns change, operators, China’s rapid rise in clouds, tightening regulatory policies, and new ones.
Bat slowed capital spending down to 52% of the market, while short video was growing sharply. We believe that with the shift in policy support for the platform economy and the acceleration of the digital economy in 2023, the market will be concentrated further towards top5 Internet producers, of which Ali, Tseng, 100% demand are expected to recover, word for word.
Moreover, we view the demand for server investment in finance, government, manufacturing, services, etc., brought about by the digital transformation as well as the potential to tap into the demands of traditional industries. As the Internet vendor, Matthew, increases, the share of megadata centres continues to rise.
The cloud computing market is strong, and Amazons, Google, Microsoft, Meta, Ali, among others, have a strong demand for expansion of the data centre, with super-large park-type data centres becoming the preferred. On the other hand, the trend is towards workload cloudization, owing to the need for virtual machines, container use and co-operation with cpu, gpu multi-packs.
East-west traffic is increasing much more than north-south, and the size of the data centre is an important measure of numeracy. According to synergyresearch studies, by the end of 2022, there will be 750 super-large data centres in operation worldwide, and 314 mega-data centres are still known to be planned, and the world will be so large over the next three years.
As far as market patterns are concerned, the United States now accounts for more than half of the capacity of the world's mega-data centres, followed by China. Synergy studies show that Amazon, Microsoft, Google and Meta are the four largest cloud companies in the world's data centres, while the fastest growing companies come from China's byte beats, A-A.
According to frost&sullivan, China’s data centre size (at an int load) is projected to increase at a combined rate of 2019-2024 at a rate of 16.7%, of which hyperscale type increases at a rate of 29.2% are the main driving force behind the growth in the data centre industry, with the share of future ultra-large data centres going to increase year by year in the country.
At the end of 2019, the Qin Qin data was the largest producer in the country, with the percentage of loads reaching 23.1 per cent. According to the Yanze Technology Reorganization Report, the Qin Qin Qin data load was 291mw at the end of 2020, while the number of Qin technology delivery cabinets was 33,000 and, if calculated according to the 7kw cabinet, it was 230mw.
Chart 20hyperscale is the fastest-growing type of data centre in the country. Chart 212019 Qin Huai data is the largest hyperscale data in the country (load unit: mw).
The third-party idc market size analysis report 2022, 45.7%, an increase of 5 pc from 2019, a marked increase in market share, flexibility in governance mechanisms & investment approvals, and numbers, according to third-party idc for centre size & professional services.
The report shows a 10% share of Top10 in 2021, a decline of Cr10 from 50% in 2020, and an increased tailing effect on one side as a result of increased competition in the industry on the other hand from some third-party, small- and medium-sized, idc, whose development has shifted to the buyer market since 2021.
Selecting to withdraw or to be annexed, with a future third-party idccr10 or upgrade, guided by national policies for the development of scalding, greening and intelligent data centres, thus presenting a whole market pattern of first-up, further decline, and the launch in July 2021 of the Three-Year Action Plan for the Development of a New Data Centre by the Department of Technology, which generally requires the country as a whole
The average annual growth rate in the size of the data centre hangars has been around 20 per cent, the average utilization rate has increased to over 60 per cent, the hub node computing power has exceeded 70 per cent, and the principle of new large data centres is below 1.3.
Cape, Grand Bay, Senglong are the four main hubs where Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu, and Ningxia are planning a cluster of large data centres in priority countries. We believe that the policy guidelines strengthen the logic of leading the supply side of the idc sector, the share of the idc market in the four main hubs or further concentration towards the head, and the quality of industrial development in the west will improve effectively.
In addition, with the enhancement of cloud network convergence, the high-speed interconnected network of data centres has become a core competitiveness, and the three main operators now have a monopoly advantage in all-light networks, with high-speed development of national treasury operations, or will be the engine for the development of the data centre industry.
Figure 22 Total industrial profile of idc by third party in the country
It's for your technology, century-wide connections, live clouds, hotwon.
vnet wirms One Hangzhou Steel Group Ltd.
Treasure letter software (in which all are connected to Centrindata strong lead distance)
South Hing bag, Shanghai Dragon Oil and Company Co. Ltd. shanghailonyerfuelsco., ltd is smart.
Nakafu Industries, back-to-back show, Qingbao Nakaru.
Netnic Enterprises Online cios
It's a new star, and it's a city, a river of bronze and cow information.
Cds cloudy insigmasds, Changshan North Ming
Szzt Pass, China Chapter 2
Summing up: the idc industry is driving a temporary move from the demand side to the supply side, with the next round of demand side or full Beta. New digital economy applications like vrar, the meta-cosm, etc., take time to imagine the size of space but to land, and we think that the idc industry logic is temporarily shifting from the demand side to the supply side, and that the industry will grow by no less than 20% a year in the future, operating at a rate of no less than 20% a year.
Businesses and Internet enterprises will build themselves because they will be the backbone of the network and flow advantage, while super-large third-party idc, located in the national hub area, is scarce and flexible, and looks forward to long-term development.3 Good customers, good models, excellent financial performance 3
According to our analysis in chapter II, the profitability of idc depends on a variety of factors at the end of the income (price, acquitability) as well as the cost end (electricity, depreciation, manual, web bandwidth). In a horizontal comparison, in 2020, the Māori rate for lunze Idc operations was 53.1%.
After the new Halo Network alone, 100 percent of the self-sustaining, mega-data centre size effects and the rapid uphills of large clients, we have combed the financial performance of the major listed companies in the idc industry, 2018-2021, and we see that RUNZERT received 53 percent of the combined growth rate in three years, just after Qin Huai data, well above the average of about 20 percent in the idc industry.
In view of the long-term growth of high ceilings, the ability of park-type designs to expand rapidly meets the needs of large clients for fast-growing operations.
The Department is being restructured with a commitment to the performance of its shareholders, and the growth of the company will remain high. Good clients: Deeply tied operators, income stability, and cash flow.
Each data centre has entered into a 10--15-year service contract with Telecommunications Beijing and Connect Hebei, of which 10 were signed with Telecommunications Beijing and 2 with Telecommunications Hebei. At the field subsidiary level, Yun Hui Guangdong and Hyezhou have signed a framework contract with China Telecommunications Guangdong branch, and Zhejiang Se-Jing has signed with China Telecommunications Zhejiang branch.
A cooperation agreement is in place, and it is expected that the new airlocks in the future will continue to climb faster. The three main operators will work together in the country’s idc operators to obtain high-speed fibre-optic node construction support and more favourable prices, and will share the services they receive through the country’s county-based marketing channels, and the third will be in terms of energy consumption targets and government negotiations.
In January-October of the year, the byte beat was 64% of the company’s end-of-life income, and has been the company’s top customer for many years. The 10-year idc service contract, with the company’s 10-15-year idc contract with China Telecom Beijing, will also be the main driver of growth in corporate income.
Byte beats as the world’s fastest-growing Internet giant in recent years, and the demand for idc has surged as a result of ads like shaking. According tocric, China’s 50th Internet Development Report, in June 2022, we had 960 million short video users and 91.5% of Internet users, an increase of 3 pct over the same year.
Next to instantaneous communication, the country’s third-largest application of web-based video (including short videos). By April 2022, using the rapid growth of the Internet, the shivering platform had more than 9 million live broadcasts per month, sold more than 10 billion commodities, with a 2.2-fold increase in the total volume of transactions, and was expanding the local business of life, opening more channels to current expectations.
Figure 27 short video is increasing online use in our country, and figure 28 is increasing the use of live webcast users, and the products under the bytes include today's headlines, tremors, watermelon videos, masters of cars, leather prawns,
Videos such as tomato novels, light-faced cameras, living, entertainment and online office, advertising and marketing tools such as books, mega-enginees, among which tremors are the largest stream of bytes of live users. According to Ignorance, the number of live users rose rapidly from tens of millions in 2017 to more than 700 million in 2022.
With 74% of the total number of short video users, while the growth of users has slowed, the rate of income transformation has been increasing, with the rate of transformation in the face of large traffics, such as billboards, live calls, share of goods, local living services, etc.
In December 2021, the byte beats the launch of the New Clouds for the Future of the Volcano engine in Shanghai and the official launch of the entire series of cloud service products. The byte beats the accumulation of technology in cloud computing, which provides customers with cloud base, video, and so on.
The launch announced that the Volcano engine has officially launched the "One Million Plans", targeting 1,000 ecological partners to provide cloud services to 100,000 clients over the next three years, with generic solutions such as corporate clouds, audio-visuals, smart marketing, vertical industries.
The solution focuses on cars, finance, recreation, medicine, government travel, communications media, and major consumption.
There are only 20-30 million servers in 2017, and the 2020 byte recruitment announcement shows that there are 420,000 servers, while at the recent Intel Fourth Generation Chiqiang launch, the spokesperson for the volcano engine said that there are more than 1 million servers in large-scale cloud-based infrastructure. Let's assume that the byte beats the idc at 7kw.
The specification corresponds to at least 100,000 data centre cabinets. According to the synergyresearch global hyperscale data centre study, the byte beat has leaped to the seventh-largest model data centre investor in the world at 2021q2.
The company’s future customers will also be more diversified and more open to cloud customers and industry customers. At present, in addition to by-laws, the company has established a business with customers such as Huaieng, the USC, Fast Hands, and the Top10 Internet, as well as digitally transformed customers such as the National Information Centre, the National Directorate of Market Supervision and Management, the New Wise Clouds, etc.
Good model: insistence on self-sustaining self-reliance, value of low-value services, electricity charges, depreciation have an advantage. According to the company restructuring report, 2018-2021, the largest share of the company’s cost structure is electricity, in proportion to its cost structure.
In terms of electricity, the price of electricity (including taxes) is 0.5192/kwh for the corridor area, 0.6246/0.69/0.6381/kwh for the suburbs of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, respectively, which has a 15-20% advantage over the first-line city.
The depreciation amortization ratio is decreasing as the overflow rate of the data centres delivered continues to climb. With respect to network bandwidth, the cost is purchased by the client alone from the operator, although the price is slightly more favourable, but the cost reduction is much greater. In terms of human resources and services, there is an advantage over the cost of front-line cities, and there is a concentration of demand for the client ' s uplifting phase.
The cost is expected to maintain the advantage of the backend of the server, which is contracted out by the server ' s backend, which will in the future address the server ' s backend of the server ' s backend, by acquiring the smart lift, which, based on a sensitivity analysis of key idcirr indicators, has the highest impact on therr
The variables are, respectively, the axle rate, the rental of the unit container, the unit kw price, the data centre load rate (i.e., the efficient use of the power source) and the on-boarding rate. The company's analysis in the reorganization report and the feedback responses shows that the unit cost, the electricity price, depreciation, and the manual sensitivity to cash flow are decreasing.
The average unit price increases from 2018 to 2020 are slightly higher than the cost. In terms of the ratio and rhythm, the Port of Information has been identified with the major terminal clients during the planning and design phase, although in 2022 it was affected by the epidemic.
In the case of idc mechanical and electrical investments, companies have an authentic uptime certification, design, engineering, integration, etc. work with industry heads, and choose to use one-line temperature control and power brands to reflect higher power load ratios.
Good model: mega-data centre campus operations, which fully reflect the scale effect. At the investment end, the company actually has a lot of experience in the management of information network infrastructure projects, with a scale effect that allows the company to have better purchasing costs. According to the company ' s reorganization report, a6 and a18 cabinets are invested, respectively.
107,000, 111,000, which is lower than the idc 130,000 of third parties in the industry. Cash flow, campus-type data centres are usually custom-made to large clients, climb faster and net interest rates will improve significantly as the build-up rate rises.
A section is fast-tracked, a long triangle and a new project 2023 in the Grand Bay is expected to be launched, and we anticipate a long-term lease for the year in which a, a2, a3, a5, a6, a7, a18 is expected to remain fully loaded. Since 2021, new projects a8, a9, a10 are expected to increase significantly in 2023.
A11, a12, and so on, are expected to achieve a more desirable landing rate by 2024. With regard to the new project, Pinghu data is now in use, and the data centres in Huezhou, Fuoshan or 2023-2024 are either significantly uphill. In terms of forward planning, the data centre in Chongqing will be operational in 2023, the data centre in Lanzhou, and the galleries b district.
We expect that, as a result of the rapid deployment of the new project, the company ' s annual combined landing rate will go through a first-down and then climb-up process and will affect the Māori rate accordingly. In addition, the 2023 smart lifts in the consolidated statement will reflect the scale effect, and the cost will decrease over the period.
The current average is 15.8. We've selected Qin Qin data, Qin data, and the current average is 18.3. We expect the company to have 22.0 in 2022, taking into account the relatively high share of large clients in the company ' s performance, which is not as high as expected, given the volatility of business requirements.
As a result of the long-term adverse effects, companies and operators have not agreed on a bottom-up compensation measure that would have a negative impact on the upper shelf if the customer imported less than expected, and if the market price rises and the company ' s rental rates have not been adjusted accordingly, interest rates may decline, and the pre-import of new project customers usually have lower profitability, thus reducing the overall profitability of the company, new items.
Communications chips, 5g and meta-cosm applications, etc. Using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.