A share of the future of Shinzhou International. Wally Group (300979.sz) 30/04/2021
• Fine production research and development, working with internationally renowned brands to share the growth dividend of the sports shoe performance industry
At the same time, the share of new customers is constantly opening up, taking into account the company's excellent profit level and the pace of expansion of production capacity. I am deeply tied to core high-quality customers, building barriers to technology R & D and supply chains, stability and profitability. Deeply tied to core high-quality customers. Multi-client strategies balance stability and profitability: stability: (1) international
A well-known brand client supply chain is closed and a good supply chain for quality suppliers within the system; (2) a company uses a “contractor system” to meet customers and further enhances the stability of orders. Profitability: a prominent brand customer has a brand premium, is self-profit and has a profit margin for the supplier. A company builds deep barriers to R & D and supply chains, and is not an alternative:
(1) Companies have industry-led R & D capabilities, mainly in “production-oriented, output-friendly” products R & D systems, innovation in product development tools and accumulation of vertically integrated R & D technologies; (2) supply chain-side advantages, derived from the scalding capacity, strong delivery capacity and early layout automation, both within and outside the country, to meet clients adequately
Demand for flexible supply chains. High premium capacity beyond general surrogates: downstream client orders require 2021-04 to rapidly digest new production capacity, which is in short supply; the share of large client orders is steadily increasing and cooperation is deepening.
(1) Expanding the client base, the company will continue to expand its share of orders among existing clients while continuing to develop potential superior customers, fully benefiting from the rapid growth of the industry and the trend towards head-to-head concentration; (2) At the production end, the company will expand its capacity with ipo capital, establish a research and development base, and continuously upgrade its R & D delivery capacity while playing a bankruptcy bottleneck
. ..to explore the potential value of the shoe-dressing industry, the customer's visceral aspect, both of the industry's leading R & D delivery capabilities and cost advantages for tourists.
The depth of the household is tied together with a stronger bargaining power to fully enjoy the dividends of industry growth. On the track, both are in fast-growing sports shoes, and the market for sneakers has greater potential for development.
Wally Group is the world's leading professional shoe manufacturer, leading in the development, design and production of a variety of footwear, footwear, footwear, etc., and has established a long-standing and stable partnership with five of the top ten companies in the global sports and recreational footwear market, i.e., nike, vf, columbia.
The development of manufacturing services for footwear, such as boots, sports cool/slippers, is the first sports shoe manufacturing company to be listed in a stock market. Financial analysis: performance increases faster, profitability is brighter 1.1.1, overall performance increases faster and sports and leisure shoes are higher.
Billion dollars. Against the backdrop of global consumption demand from the impact of the new crown epidemic, corporate revenue and profits have shown strong resilience: (1) good management of the disease in Viet Nam, with no major impact on the functioning of the plant, and (2) strong client relationships, with priority given to orders. As the new crown vaccine has been successfully developed, the global economy is in a recovery cycle.
There will be a rebound in demand for the consumption of sneakers, and we believe that corporate performance will recover as the industry as a whole recovers and is expected to grow further. 78.24%, 81.23%, the largest and rising trend.
Crafts are simpler, so they are naturally more suitable for alternative industries based on production-scale effects. By region, the destination of the company’s products for sale is essentially the Euro-American region, with the company’s non-European-American region from 2017 to 2020 having a fine cost-control and earning potential.
The overall Māori rate is stable. As a large, long-standing substitute, the company has extensive experience in the regulation of raw materials, labour costs, and is able to maintain a stable Māori rate in a stable market environment without major changes in product structure. The Māori rate for companies in 2018 was slightly higher than in the majors of 2017 and 2019.
Some of the higher Māori ratio was due to the restructuring of the company ' s products; in 2020, with the impact of the epidemic, the Māori ratio of 24.82 per cent (+1.34 pct) showed good profitability.
The rate of interest is close to and stable at around 23% for sports and leisure shoe products. Sports and leisure shoe products have fewer pattern changes compared to outdoor boots, raw material composition and manufacturing processes are simpler and therefore more likely to have a scale effect, and Māori rates are higher; and Māori rates are lower due to lower yields and lower value added.
By comparison with industry, the Māori ratio of companies is slightly higher than the industry average, showing a competitive profitability of firms in the industry, of which Māori rates of companies are significantly higher than i International, mainly due to the relatively small scale of Māori production, which is dominated by Māori production of lower Māori boots;
The rate is slightly lower than that of the Toyota Enterprise and the Xuwon Group, which, in addition to the sports shoe-shoe manufacturing business, operates a relatively high rate of retail trade in sports shoes, as a result of the larger share of high Maori in the product structure of the Toyota Enterprise.
Figure 8: The highest Māori rate for sports and leisure footwear shows a downward trend, mainly due to a decline in the share of managers ' salaries in total receipts.
Value, mainly because: the Xuwon Group covers retail operations and the management of areas with higher average pay, such as mainland China and Taiwan, China, have higher marketing costs and administrative costs; the Manganese International as a whole is relatively small and therefore has relatively weak scale effects and higher marketing costs; and the Fongtai Enterprise is productive.
The regional distribution and product types are larger than companies, and therefore the management radius is larger, and the level of salary at their headquarters and in the plant’s area is higher than that of the company, and therefore the overall level of sales costs and management costs is higher. Companies’ net interest rates are stable and higher than comparable companies in the industry.
And the scale effect of large-scale production, the net interest rate on corporate homecomings from 2017 to 2020 was brighter than the peer 1.2, equity structure: control is stable, decision-making is facilitated, corporate equity is concentrated, control is stable, decision-making is facilitated.
The members of the Zhang Zhenbuan family are the co-actors, including Chairman Zhang and his wife, Zhou Miyuki, the eldest son, Zhang Chi Bong, the eldest daughter, Zhang Wen-Sing, and the second son, the five. The Zhang Zhenbu family indirectly controls 87.48% of the company's shares through the Hong Kong Junyo and Nakayama, and the equity structure is concentrated to facilitate effective decision-making.
2. There is a strong growth in demand in the sector, a shift to South-East Asia driven by labour costs 2.1, the overall demand for sneakers, an increase in the demand for fashionable attributes, and a large and stable market for the industry, according to the statista data.
In 2019, the global shoeboard market was $435.139 billion, and it is expected that by 2023, the global shoeboard market sales model will increase to $512.736 billion, corresponding to 4.2% cagr in 2019-2023. Health awareness has contributed to the rapid growth of the market for sneakers.
The demand for healthy lives is beginning to show, with the increase in flats. According to the grandviewresearch estimates, the global market for sneakers in 2019 was about $168.5 billion, and in 2010-2019 the cagr was 10.6%. Global demand for sneakers affected by the epidemic declined in 2020, and is expected to rise from the market demand as vaccine research and development succeeds.
The Institute of Forward-looking Industries estimates that the capr will remain above 14% in 2021-2025, and that the global market for sneakers will be about $379.1 billion by 2025. The sneakers industry is more concentrated and is expected to increase.
As a result of alienation and individualization, concentration is often difficult to increase, but because of their functional properties, the market is easier to concentrate on leading enterprises with a higher level of technological R&D. Taking the example of our market for sneakers, it is clear that the concentration of sneakers in the market was steadily increasing in 2010-2019, according to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry.
By 2019, the market for our sneakers had reached 58%, cr 5, cr 10%, and 71% and 84% respectively, of which only Nike, Adidas and two internationally renowned brands accounted for more than 40% of the total; we believe that, with the efficiency of the industry, head branders have been able to cooperate with high-quality sub-plants in the industry with sufficient orders, depending on their strength.
The demand for fashion properties is expected to increase even further. Now, more shoe-shoes than in the past are seen as fashion-forming, and not only is the demand for fashion-comforted shoes for all age groups.
Growth, which is a key factor in driving the global shoe market. As people become more involved in physical activity and changing lifestyles, the demand for sports shoes increases dramatically among non-professional athletes.
In the clothing category, middle- and senior-aged consumers have also begun to pursue young dress and bright colours, and traditional luxury goods are falling into a downward spiral. Sports products can use bolder designs than traditional luxury goods, including jumping colours, flowers and animal patterns, and bright films, embroidery, etc., even with greater scope for innovation on the face.
The Paris family introduced triples at Paris Fashion Week in the autumn and winter of 2017, because similar to the popular shoes of the 1980s and 1990s, the thick sneakers, also known as "father's shoes", sold over $700 worth of moving shoes, which became global in the immediate aftermath of their sale.
Two sports brands have tried to raise their fashion properties and brand premiums through a combination of names. Jordanbrand xdior's joint venture featured in the 2020 fall show in Miami at the end of 2019, which coincided with the thirty-fifth anniversary of the appearance of Airjordan and the first appearance of the Dior Men's show in the United States in 2020.
In 2017, Adidas worked with designers rafsimons, rickowens, and Japanese tidal plate henderscheme, as well. Figure 18: The Parisian family launched "Father Shoes" in 2017.
Figure 19: In the context of the launch of the joint pair of nike and dior shoes 2.2, the division of labour between industry and industry, there is a tendency to separate branding and manufacturing links in the sports shoe industry.
Raw materials, manufacturing, branding are made up of three components, most of which operate in two business models: self-marketing or branding. As the social division of labour increases, a growing number of well-known branding companies are starting to adopt branding and manufacturing in order to maximize value-added efficiency at each link in the industrial chain.
Separation patterns, focusing on brand value formation and creative design and marketing of products, while entrusting the manufacture of products to more professional shoe-coat manufacturers in the production field. Figure 20: The chains of the sports shoe industry consist mainly of raw materials, manufacturing, branding, etc.
The shoe-fixing industry and the upstream/downstream relationship.
In the context of a professional division of labour, branders interact with and are interdependent with other firms. While surrogate factories have developed through the expansion of the market size of brand clients, branders have also taken up their share of the market in the same way as high-quality industry-specific shoe-making techniques and sufficient production capacity, both of which have become both proud and lost.
The surrogate is no longer a simple upstream supplier, but rather a key part of its own strategic development landscape, and branders will support companies that are more capable of developing and delivering to match their own strategic development plans. 2.3. Driven by cost factors, the global shoe industry has shifted its focus to South-East Asia.
South-East Asia, represented by Viet Nam, is emerging as a new global shoe-making hub: (1) the shoe-making industry is a typical traditional labour-intensive industry, where labour costs directly determine the profitability of producing firms and even their downstream branders, and hence the trend of the global shoe-making industry centres moving towards areas with cheap labour; (2) the South-East Asian region.
In the context of trade friction between China and the United States, South-East Asian countries have a more stable external trade environment. The relocation of shoe-making centres is consistent with the movement of labour-intensive industries.
There have been four global shifts in labour-factor endowments, starting with the US, which eventually evolved, and now with South-East Asian countries. With the exception of the traditional American shoe industry and underdevelopment, which has never been part of the world’s shoe industry, the process of moving the entire shoe-making centre is almost identical to that of the global industry.
Fourth round of industrial migration, first round of industrial migration, second round of industrial migration.
Republic of Korea, Singapore and Viet Nam, Thailand,
Japan, Germany, Taiwan, China, etc.
High labour costs India, Brazil, etc. Low labour costs
By observing the regional distribution of production in recent years by two other giant international groups and Fontaine Enterprises in the industry, it can be seen that shoe-making firms are gradually increasing their production in South-East Asian countries. Production in China and Indonesia declined by 12 pct in 2015-2019, and increased by 7 pct in 2013-2019.
The ratio of productive capacity fell by 9 pct and rose by 10 pct. 3 Corporate advantages: collaborating with globally renowned campaign brand clients, building barriers to R & D and supply chains, and higher bargaining power than peers to balance stability and profitability
Strong and well-known brand clients, working together to open up the sporting shoes and shoes market 3.1.1, corporate partnerships with top global sports brands, working with clients to achieve performance growth, with their own excellent development, strong delivery capacity and cost advantages, companies gradually build up high quality.
Brand client groups, since their creation, have collaborated with five of the top ten global campaign brands, i.e. nike, vf, underarmour, puma, columbia.
Yearly Best Performance Award, and Puma Award for Sustainable Development for three years in a row from 2017 to 2019, and Columbia Award for Gold Boots of Operational Performance 2019, and the Outstanding Partner Operating Excellence Award 2017, among others, are becoming increasingly popular among major client cities and working with companies to achieve performance growth.
The share of the shoe market has been expanding, and according to Ewy data, by the end of 2019, the share of nike/vf/puma in the shoe market had been 10 per cent/1 per cent, and the head of the sneaker market had been significantly concentrated. The increase in the customer market ratio was 8.4 per cent, 13.0 per cent, 7.2 per cent, respectively.
15.3%, 11.1% cagr. 3.1.2 The advantage of cooperative international top sports brands is stability versus profitability Stability (1) from a client's point of view, the cooperative branding customer supply chain system is relatively closed and high-quality supply
Business orders are stable. Corporate cooperative clients are globally renowned brands, with higher requirements for the R & D, quality control, delivery capacity, and operating, managing and internal control levels of dry suppliers, and a growing concentration of high-quality suppliers' orders in a more closed supply chain system.
At this high level, stability is significantly higher than that of garment manufacturers. (2) From a corporate point of view, a company's establishment of a “package system” helps to guarantee the stability of an order.
Supply to meet their demand for sufficiency and flexibility; accordingly, customers also need to commit to the volume of orders in the agreed plant to ensure the stability of the orders. Moreover, the company’s main customers are global head-heads branders, who are more proactive in their product production and often communicate with the company in advance about the orders.
In terms of profitability, well-known brand clients have brand premiums, their own profitability, and their suppliers have profit margins. In selecting suppliers, well-known brand customers focus more on the quality, delivery capacity, and stability of the supply chain.
Sexuality, which is not a low choice for offers, allows companies to achieve a relatively high level of profitability. Moreover, well-credited, well-funded and less risk of repayment cycles and default, leaving companies with a lower 3.1.3 customer structure under multi-client strategy, with a scale effect that coexists with risk resistance.
Companies adhere to a multi-client strategy, displaying excellent scale effects and resilience. (1) The income ratio of the top five clients of the company is stable at 80-90%, and the relatively concentrated client structure allows for the relative concentration and scalability of corporate orders, which facilitates the creation of production scale effects; and (2) the firm, as opposed to some of its competitors in the industry, is able to produce scale effects.
There is no risk of a major dependency on a single customer, and business stability is strong. In 2019, Fontai received 89 per cent of the revenue from nike, the Xu Yuan group received 66.7 per cent from nike&didas, while Wally’s large clients earned more evenly, with the largest customer accounting for only 27 per cent of the income from nike.
Figure 27: The income of SHSG ' s main clients is 66.7% 3.2, deep technology R & D and supply chain moats, enhancing customer stickyness Corporate strong R & D + high human effectiveness + fast-delivery Odm services are irreplaceable and serve as deep-seated clients
3.2.1 The competitive advantage of technology R & D is largely reflected in the R & D system for “production-oriented, output-friendly” products, innovation in product development tools and the accumulation of R & D technologies.
(1) “Product-oriented, pro-output” product R & D systems: companies communicate with brands and advise on their own areas of expertise, such as materials, processes, etc., setting up business centres around brands and developing teams by shoe type to help them translate product concepts into cost-controlled, volume-friendly products
The programme, with the timely completion of production delivery, plays an indispensable role in the branding process. Figure 29: Companies have “production-oriented, output-friendly” product research and development systems. Figure 30: Companies establishing business centres around brands on business processes
(2) Innovative product development tools to improve R & D efficiency: based on years of experience in the manufacture of sneakers, companies have continued to optimize their shoe manufacturing processes, equipment, and have significantly improved their production research and development and efficiency, contributing to further client development. The company has taken the lead in using the Vr design system and the 3d printing equipment to improve their design.
Efficiency, supported by information-based systems such as cad, 3d reverse scans, cam computer-assisted manufacturing, and cnc computer-based digital control, reduces the research and development cycle and quickly captures changes in market demand. In addition, the "computer-weaving, one-size-fits-all shoe production equipment" used by companies can efficiently produce weaving shoes, which is a minority of sports shoe-coupers.
(iii) Accumulation of vertically integrated industrial chain R & D technology: companies are upstream vertically integrated in shoe modelling, knitting, shoe-shoeing, etc., related to shoe-shoe development, while increasing customer stickyness while effectively enhancing the profitability of companies.
In 2020h1, 42 patents, three software copyrights that companies have acquired are mainly based on the development of soles and shoes, and strong R & D companies have not only won client orders, but have also effectively supported profit levels. According to the annual report of the competitor, because of their weak R & D capabilities, there has been a strong trend in recent years.
In some cases, this has led to a decline in the Māori rate, while companies have been able to stabilize the Māori rate with a strong R&D capacity that has accumulated over the years. 3.2.2, the advantages of the company’s supply chain have significantly reduced the efficiency gains.
In comparison with mainland China, Taiwan, China, and even the southern part of Viet Nam, lower pay levels in the northern regions of Viet Nam have allowed companies to have a very competitive human cost advantage within the industry; the cost of raw materials.
On the other hand, the northern part of Viet Nam is closer to other South-East Asian countries and regions to China, facilitating the acquisition and transport of raw materials, which are relatively low in cost; on the other hand, (1) the company’s output is concentrated, the management radius is smaller, and the corresponding management difficulties and costs are lower. (2) Viet Nam’s FTA with the European Union was signed in August 2020
With effect from 1st of January, the EU tariff rate on the import of shoes originating in Viet Nam will be gradually reduced to zero, and the company’s Vietnamese factory will be able to enjoy, to varying degrees, the tax concessions for foreign investment enterprises issued by the Government of Viet Nam.The average annual salary of the personnel is calculated and the city of Nakayama is located in the Pearl Triangle core, of which local remuneration data for 2020 have not yet been published;
Companies’ ability to deliver effectively becomes a catcher for customer development. The shoe-dressing industry is now booming, the product is growing at a new pace, branders adapt to market rhythms, market-fit marketing strategies are becoming stable, and so on.
A flexible supply chain, with customers willing to pay higher prices for fast production orders. The company has built on its own well-developed supply chain system, outstanding development design capabilities, mature production processes, and skilled producers to build up fast-paced automated production, with significant improvements in the quality, stability and efficiency of the shoe-making process.
Efficiency is targeted, and automation can help to improve productivity and product quality stability. For example, companies develop their own unstoppable template systems, coupled with uninterrupted use of computer needles, which can increase the production of about 10% of each computer needle.
In the period 2017-2019, 3.3 had a high bargaining power exceeding that of a general substitute.
The higher bargaining power of the Wally Group vis-à-vis brand parties is largely reflected in the saturation of its production capacity, with large client orders outnumbering 3.3.1, orders growing faster than production capacity, and production capacity reaching saturated levels.
Corporate overall capacity utilization has been maintained at a high level owing to the increased demand and good development of major clients, with 2017 - 3.3.2 and the rising share of large clients' orders.
Columbia ' s purchase order revenue maintained a higher rate of growth than the brand ' s own shoe business revenue, indicating a gradual increase in the share of orders given by downstream customers to the Wally Group and a deepening of cooperation.
Figure 36: Wally Group nike operations grew significantly faster than nike shoes. Figure 38: Wally Group deeckers operations grew faster than deeckers revenues. Figure 39: Walli Group columbia operations increased faster, but they remained higher than clients.
Future outlook: Deep-farming high-quality customers, playing bankruptcy bottlenecks 4.1, continuously increasing the share of supply to older clients, actively developing potential high-quality new customers Companies are aiming to become core suppliers to cooperating clients and expanding their share of cooperative brands at present.
The company has become the largest supplier of shoe-gagging products from global brands such as Converse,ugg, vans, puma, columbia, hokaoneone and Colehaan, and: (1) in comparison with major clients, the growth rate of collection by major clients reflects a steady upward trend in the company ' s share of orders among major clients;
(2) In contrast to industry companies, Nike, for example, the company’s collection pattern from the main client, Nike, is much smaller than that of the comparable company, Fong-tae, mainly because of the company’s late entry into the Nike supply system. But the company’s growing share of cost advantages and excellent services, 2018-2019, came from Camp Nike.
Companies develop high-quality clients with higher growth potential on the basis of their customer growth potential. Companies have a strong capacity to develop new products that can respond quickly to changing market demand and effectively control product costs and reduce customer exposure, thereby actively engaging with new brands, for example, by opening up new and important customers in 2018.
In addition to being the seventh largest client of the company in 2019, the sixth largest client of the company in January-June 2020, accounting for 3.58 per cent and 5.60 per cent of operating income, respectively. In addition, the company has now established a partnership and completed a sample confirmation with the famous Swiss jogging brand of Onrunning, which is expected to be by the end of 2020.
Ordered and delivered in the first quarter of 2021; in addition, the company is currently actively communicating with the top ten global campaign brands asics and newballance to negotiate future long-term cooperation. 4.2, ipo capital plus liquidity capacity bottlenecks, and new capacity-link demand absorbing risks
In this ipo project, the company plans to invest $1.803 billion to expand the capacity of shoes and knitting shoes, accounting for about 47% of the total funding expected to be raised, and it is expected that all postnatal deliveries will effectively break the capacity bottlenecks. And, based on production and sales rates, the company is new.
In addition, the company ' s capacity expansion in the northern part of Viet Nam has the following advantages: (i) production capacity is spread in Viet Nam, the northern part of the country is agricultural, and expansion is easier in terms of land acquisition and recruitment; (ii) new production can be distributed near existing plants with a smaller regulatory radius, giving the company a certain advantage in the hatching of the management team; (iii) Viet Nam has an advantage.
South has a more favourable industrial policy for foreign investment, while the foreign trade environment is more stable, and it's a good fit to do it.
There's a high degree of similarity between the core elements of the two business models of Doo, Client Sticky, and we think that the track of sports shoes is better than the track of sports costumes, so Wally has a more imaginative growth of 5.1, Client Sticky: relying on the edge of production, deep strapped head customers.
Both Wally Group and Shinzhou International, as surrogates in the area of footwear, are able to bind head customers in the industry through strong R & D delivery capacity and at lower cost depth, thereby gaining high bargaining power in cooperation. In the same time, the supply system is becoming more centralized as demand for the supply chain grows.
(1) Clients: Nike, Adidas, Puma and uniqlo, four core clients in Shinzhou International, who account for more than 80 per cent of the four clients, while companies account for a higher share of the four clients; the top five clients in Wally Group, who account for more than the four clients, are Nike, vf, deeckers, puma and columbia.
Over 85%, and the company’s strategy of becoming a core supplier for every customer developed, has resulted in a higher share of its top five clients. By contrast, both have achieved a deep binding of industry’s top clients, enjoying the expansion of industry’s development-led performance while effectively spreading the risk of overdependence on a single customer.
(2) Production: Shinzhou International has been effective in reducing production costs through active overseas production, as well as through scale-up, modular production, while vertical integration has been effective in increasing profits from upstream surface production, in addition to winning client preference through stronger delivery and R & D capabilities; the Wally Group has also been instrumental in pre-elooking production.
The Bureau ' s South-East Asian production capacity and automated information production have achieved cost advantages, while expanding upstream the manufacture of knitted and modeled shoes in the field of deep-farmed shoes, both enhancing its research and development capabilities, shortening its research and development cycle and effectively increasing its profit level.
(3) Profitability: Shinzhou International has effectively reduced the cost of profit levels by means of modularization, scale-based production, overseas layout, vertical homogenization, etc., while relying on cost advantages and excellence in R & D Delivery capacity to achieve a higher share of the core customer supply system, thereby generating a stronger bargaining power.
Thus, the profit level is significantly higher than comparable companies in the same industry; Wally Group 1 has also been effective in reducing production costs through automation, informatization, scalable production and forward-looking production,2 and has a high share of the brand customer supply system, with some bargaining power, and thus has the ability to make the best profits in the industry.
The Wally Group does shoe-fixing business mainly for international sports and leisure brands, while Shinzhou International does clothing and trades for international sports and leisure brands, both of which benefit from a higher degree of convergence from the track.
The fast-growing dividends of the shoe-wearing industry. Shinzhou International has established itself as an absolute leader in the industry with its excellent face-based R & D production capacity, rising in the customer supply system; if Wally maintains a sustained lead in R & D capacity, it is also expected to expand its share in the customer supply system.
In the case of both Shinzhou International and Wally Group, which are internationally recognized sports brands, the structure of the collection for the last 10 years shows that the use of sneakers has been relatively high and stable.
The relative share of footwear products does not include other product categories.) The business income contributed by individual customers is estimated by reasonable assumptions about the volume of sales and unit price increases for downstream brand customers.
(1) nike/puma: the company will deepen its cooperation with its existing core clients and expect future sales and average prices to be stable (2) vf Group: vf Group sales will decline in 2020, future sales and average prices are expected to return, (3) deeckers:hoka brands are expected to continue to grow, and I will drive the growth of the deeckers brand collection.
Annual Columbia brand sales grew by 9 per cent, 5 per cent, average prices by 6 per cent, 3 per cent and 3 per cent. Companies, as leaders in the sports shoe-steering industry, relied on technological R & D capabilities, supply chain advantages for intergenerational and competitive bargaining power, deep binding of high-quality large clients in the industry, and continued expansion among core clients
We've chosen three listed companies in the textile and clothing industry that are similar to the nature of the company's business as comparable companies: Xin Tai, Shinzhou International.
LSG operates mainly on the basis of sneakers; LN shares have a 2b business block and are now slowly entering the garment trade track through continuous mergers and acquisitions; Shinzhou International is a well-known surrogate industry in the garment industry and has a high degree of similarities with Wally Group in terms of its main clients, all of which are comparable to Wally Group.
Given the high quality of the Wally Group track, 28.3% of the high-speed and long-term prospects for a certain value premium. The expansion of the company’s production capacity has not been as rapid as expected, the production factors in Viet Nam’s production capacity have increased too fast, and the U.S. trade policy in Viet Nam has been overstretched.