"Researchchand developmentcenter casts the dragons of the sneakers and embraces the sustainable radiant growth.
Wally Group (300.979.sz) depth reports that the company's main job is to build a locomotive for sneakers, embrace a sustainable growth of global sneakers, build a locomotive for the expansion of capacity, and generate income growth.
Wally Group (300979.sz) plans, produces and sells, downstream customers are internationally recognized items such as nike, converse, vans, and ug, with 86.14% of the income of the top five clients up to 2019.
The company actually controls the work of the Zhang Zhen family, the senior management team, and the shoe-making industry. The production of sneakers is more concentrated, and Taiwan’s firms become industry leaders.
In 2019, we estimated that the global market for sneakers was about 336 billion yuan, with head manufacturers in Xuwon Group, Toyota Enterprises, Wally Shares, earning about 12 per cent, 5 per cent, and 5 per cent, with relatively high concentration.
In the days of Tokyo (growth at the golden stage of the rise of the sports shoe-coupled brand), in the interests of the Taiwan region (taking over the labour cost advantage, developing an outward-looking economy), in the case of people and in the case of the emergence of good entrepreneurs, promoting the development of the industry), it has grown into the creation of the world ' s sports shoes, with a steady expansion of income.
The brander focuses on maintaining the head-supplier system, while constantly optimizing the supplier structure and giving quality suppliers room to grow. The company focuses on scale effectiveness, adopting appropriate brands and product-type strategies: 1) The company expands its head-movement brand matrix and targets
To become the top supplier of branded sports shoes, on the one hand, avoiding the risk of relying on a single customer and, on the other hand, building clear economies of scale and cost advantages. (2) Companies focus on items such as sports and leisure shoes, running shoes, etc., and individual sku orders are often large, helping companies to control costs and strengthen competitive advantages in core goods.
The company’s founders have been focusing on the manufacture of shoes for more than 50 years, continuously optimizing the client structure and forming a matrix of international front-line brands.
In recent years, the growth of the company has been higher than that of the major competitors.
In 2019, they accounted for more than 40 per cent of the purchase of these branded sports shoes, with a clear head advantage and close collaboration with branders. 2) After 2010, companies expanded their head brands like Nike, Puma, and ua, with advantages such as size, output layout, and the concentration of their factories in North Vietnam, manual efficiency, stability, etc.
The advantages, the effects of severe size are more pronounced, and companies are also ahead of schedule, quality control, etc., and continue to capture their share of the market for sneakers.
In terms of prices, companies continue to optimize their customer structure, product groups, and sales average prices are expected to increase. We expect the period 2021-23 to be marked by a sustained growth in performance and greater certainty.
Risk factors: Risks such as concentration of production areas, rising labour costs, concentration of customer structures.
Company analysis: shoe making taps continue to expand, management team has experience.
Wally shares are mainly engaged in the design, production and sale of sneakers, and downstream customers include the internationally recognized sports brands of Nike, Converse, vans, puma, and ug. The company has established 21 shoe factories in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc., producing more than 180 million pairs of shoes in 2019, a leading global shoe manufacturer with head brands.
The company’s founder, with more than 50 years of experience in shoe making, moved his team to the mainland in 1989 to produce and expand the rapid growth of international branders’ clients. After 2005, the company’s shoe factory gradually moved to Viet Nam, and established a development centre and management headquarters in China and the mountains to improve the shoe making chain.
From the point of view of the industrial chain, the company is primarily responsible for the design of sneakers, the procurement of raw materials, the sale of production, the presentation of design plans by downstream customers, the demand for paper or products, the development of samples and the procurement of raw materials for production by suppliers. The company has a subsidiary in design, trade, production, etc., where the parent company is responsible for the manufacture and internal coordination and integrated management of shoe-tocking models, and the trading subsidiary is responsible for the receipt of bills and raw materials.
The company is a production centre in Viet Nam, Nakayama, Dominica, Myanmar, a trade clearing centre in Hong Kong, Nakayama, and a shoe-making centre in Nakayama.
The share of income in 2020 was 81.00 per cent, including major customers such as Nike, cover, vans, outdoor boots, 10.71 per cent in 2020, major clients such as ugg, columbia, vans, etc., end-users, mostly outdoor operators, sports sandals/slippers, 8.02 per cent in 2020, and major services such as teeva, nike, puma, etc.
2. Income analysis: Client concentration is high, with sustained expansion of production capacity of RMB 100 million, with an increase of 22.42 per cent, resulting in a net return of RMB 1,821 million, with an increase of 18.86 per cent. In 2020, affected by the pneumonia epidemic, companies increased their share of sales to customers and promoted income growth. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, client orders decreased in the short term.
Sports and leisure shoes earned $11,284 million, a decrease of 4.71%. The sales of sports and leisure shoes were the main driver of income growth in 2018-19, with higher unit prices in 2019, mainly due to higher orders for high unit prices and depreciation of the exchange rate.
Disaggregated, companies have a higher concentration of downstream customers, with the top five clients earning 86.14% of their income by 2019. Companies have made significant efforts to develop international brands, with strong collaboration with head brands, based on the advantages of their own high-quality supply chain R & D design, product quality, cost control, fast delivery, etc., to sustain revenue growth. The top five customers of companies have sustained their growth in 2017-19, on one side.
The global sports footwear industry has a high profile, with a sustained increase in the earnings of downstream customers and an increase in purchase orders to suppliers, while companies, acting as champions in the manufacture of sneakers, have established long-term and stable partnerships with downstream customers to raise their share of the purchases of sneakers to major clients.
In terms of capacity, the company continued to increase its investment in equipment and to expand the production capacity of sneakers to ensure that revenue growth was sustained. Higher levels of consumption were recorded in 2017-19, with new orders from head customers driving income growth. The company’s capacity was mainly to produce workers in northern Viet Nam, 1,094,000 Vietnamese in 2019, 183 million pairs, representing 98 per cent, 99 per cent and Vietnamese factory workers.
In recent years, companies have expanded their production capacity, mainly in Viet Nam, and in the future in Viet Nam and Myanmar, leading to income growth, with China serving mainly as a base for managing headquarters, developing design centres, supply chain centres, and part of the production of knitted shoes.
Corporate governance: family holdings, management experience, real control of the company over the Zhang Xi Yuan family, ownership of 97.23 per cent of the company through Junyo and Nakayama in Hong Kong prior to listing, strong control over the company, concentration of shareholdings, and private equity investment funds in Yongcheng, Yongcheng and Yongcheng.
The case is relatively low. The ipo company intends to issue no more than 117 million shares, or 10.03 per cent of the total equity stock since it was issued, while the share held by the real owner has fallen to 87.48 per cent after it was listed, and the voice is still strong. Zhang Xingyuan was the General Manager of Taiwan’s new shoe industry, Guangzhou Xingtai Shoe Industry, and served in the Niang Group from 1990 to 2014 and has served as Managing Director, Vice-President of the Group, Vice-President of the Industry.
In 2018, the Zhang Xi Yon family consolidated the controlled shoe-shoe-making assets, with Wally shares and subsidiaries completing the layout of the shoe-shoe-making business by acquiring them. Figure 12: Pre-market company equity structure and main control relations
The company is a family holding enterprise, with a modern management model, and the core manager's shoe-making business is experienced and has a sports-brand working background, with a clear advantage in client resources. The founder, Zhang Xin Yon, has more than 50 years of shoe-shoe manufacturing, marketing experience, and managerial competence.
As the son of the Chairman, he served as Deputy Director General of China ' s beautiful brand development, Associate Director of Fuku Qinghai Shoe Industry, Deputy Director General, and so on. He was the son-in-law of the Chairman, Vice-President, Deputy General Manager, and Zhang Wen-Shin was the daughter of the Chairman. He served as Director, Deputy General Manager, and Zhang Yo-vi was the son of the Chairman. He served as Director and Deputy General Manager of the Qing Lu Shoe Industry.
The Senior Director of Global Development Operations of the Weibo movement joined Nakayama Chiyo in 2015, and all other executives are similarly deep-drawn in shoe-making industries with extensive managerial and operational experience for many years.
1. Sports footwear industry: Sport consumption has risen, the climate has continued to be higher, and in recent years has benefited from increased consumer health awareness, a growing number of sports fans, a growing demand for sneakers products, a US$ billion increase of about 7 per cent compared to the previous year, and a higher industry climate. The global market for sneakers has also grown at the same speed, Grand.
Webresearch data show that the market for global sneakers in 2018 reached $146.5 billion, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the same period, that in 2020 it was affected by a new global coronary pneumonia epidemic, that there was a decrease in the flow of people under the line, that there was a decrease in demand for sneakers, and that in 2020 the market for global sneakers was 457 per cent to 16.8 billion dollars, projected to be 2021 years old.
Demand will continue to recover, with the global market for sneakers amounting to $37.9 billion in 2025 and combined growth rates exceeding those of 2021-25, figure 14: Global market growth for sneakers and projections for the size of the global market. The United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom, Germany are the consumer of the top five sports shoes for a combined 59 per cent share of the global market.
In recent years, China’s residents have focused more on health, increased sports consumption, and maintained a faster growth in the market for sneakers, rapidly growing into the world’s second-largest sports consumer market, with China’s market for sneakers growing by 17% in 2019 at $316.6 billion. In terms of brand names, the two leading companies in the sneakers industry have a significant market position, and other companies have a relatively large difference in size in 2020.
In fiscal years, Nike and Adidas achieved revenue of $374,03 and $26,484 million, respectively, representing a global market share of approximately 11.04 per cent and 7.82 per cent, with significant advantages compared to the recent fiscal years, when Puma, Andema, Skye, Antxe, etc., generated 61.64, 2. The sports shoe manufacturing industry: dependent on demographic dividends.
The shoe industry is a typical labour-intensive industry, with China growing from a huge demographic dividend to the world’s largest shoe-making base in the 21st century, with a 55.5% share in 2019. In recent years, global shoe production has gradually shifted to low-cost countries such as Viet Nam, India, Indonesia, and Myanmar.
Two, with Asia producing 86%, China, India, Viet Nam, Indonesia, and Brazil are among the top five countries in the world. The former South-East Asian countries have the advantages of low labour costs, income tax benefits, low tariffs, etc., and have easy access to raw materials supplies in the immediate vicinity of mainland China, and the shoe industry is growing faster.
Most sports shoe brands use the light asset business model, and production is outsourced to specialized manufacturers, with their own focus on high-value-added components such as product design and development, branding and marketing promotion, and the Chinese sports brands that start off for work are being reduced.
The manufacturing process is complex, with most shoe-style processes exceeding 100, and requires a great deal of professional manufacturers’ production experience to ensure cost control, quality, timing, environmental protection, etc. So behind branders, the mobile shoe industry has emerged in large manufacturing firms such as the Xuwon Group, the Fontaine Enterprise, and the Wally Shares, and has also benefited from industrial development dividends.
There are currently no authoritative data on the size of the market in the sneakers manufacturing industry, and given that the price of sneakers is usually three to five times higher, we keep the estimate that the global shoe manufacturing market in 2019 will be about $48.1 billion (equivalent to approximately RMB336 billion). Currently, the leading global shoe manufacturing firms are mostly in mainland China and Taiwan, and from the point of view of the listed companies, the Xuwon Group and the Fontaine Company.
In 2019, income from shoe manufacturing was 42,403 million yuan, 16,501 million yuan, 15,166 million yuan, representing 12 per cent, 5 per cent and 5 per cent of the world ' s sneakers manufacturing industry, with a relatively high concentration in the industry, all of which started in Taiwan.
As a human-intensive industry and as a shoe-making industry, the world’s shoe-making industry first shifted from post-century to mainland China, and the shoe-making industry grew rapidly in South-East Asian countries after the twenty-first century. Most of the leading companies (especially sports shoes) that emerged from the global shoe-making industry were, in our view, Taiwanese.
In the mid-1980’s, global sports consumption continued to expand, and brands like Nike, Adidas, Puma and others began to grow rapidly.
Long, Nike earned $877 million in 1987, rising to $95,553 million in 1998, with a 24.25 per cent annual compound growth rate. Brands have sought to work with high-quality suppliers in the early stages of development, establishing partnerships with such enterprises as Taiwan’s Boca, Fong-tae, and Qing Lo and others, and have led to the expansion of suppliers’ volume in the long term.
In the wake of the rise of branders, the opportunity to establish long-term and stable partnerships with them, and the gradual increase in the concentration of supply chain firms, ensuring stability of supply, and the pre-eminence and barriers to entry for competitors in mainland China and South-East Asia compared to Taiwan's shoe-making firms.
After the 1960’s, the Taiwan region gained a human cost advantage, taking over the global shoe-making industry chain, and the leading firms took advantage of the opportunity to grow rapidly. Taiwan began to develop a dynamic outward-looking economy since the 1960’s, drawing on demographic dividends, and to develop labour-intensive industries such as textiles, shoes, home appliances, etc., which provided the ground for the birth of a leading business, Bosun, Fong-tae,
In comparison with Japan, South Korea, and others, shoe-making companies have been hit by rising labour costs and failing to transfer productive capacity in a timely manner. In the shoe-making industry, a team of great entrepreneurs from Taiwan have emerged to build shoe-making dragons.
The high-quality Taiwan shoe-making industry has seized the opportunity of industrial chain transfer, building advantages in terms of cost, quality, timing, and R & D design, and has continuously strengthened its management capacity and obtained brand approval. For example, Bosong International (Huwon Group parent) has been small from shoe products in 1969.
By investing in the first modern factory to emerge from the homogeneity competition and getting orders from Adidas, the firm focused on cost, quality control, building a whole chain of “peasant” industries, including upstream and downstream, strengthening research and development innovation inputs, gaining more client recognition and rapidly expanding capacity.
Soft thinking, fast readjustment of production. The changing capacity of footwear is closely linked to labour costs, Taiwan shoe-making firms are able to adjust production in a timely manner, and Taiwan’s manpower costs rise, comparative advantages are lost, and production capacity is transferred to the Mainland and South-East Asia in a timely manner, and low costs are reinforced.
For example, in 1988, the Xu Yuan Group entered mainland China, invested in the first inland production line in Dongjung, and has since invested $1 billion in the construction of Xu Yuan Industrial Parks. In 1992, the Xu Yuan Group established industrial parks in Indonesia and Viet Nam, respectively, and invested earlier in South-East Asia’s productive capacity.
On the mainland, South-East Asia’s cost advantages were transferred in a timely manner, and cultural and linguistic differences became more difficult to compete with. Nike began producing sports shoes in 1980 in collaboration with continental state firms, but was lagging behind in terms of insufficient production experience, inadequate industrial chains, poor business management, quality of production, turn-over, and model development.
Cardsmen tend to work with Taiwan’s factories to transfer industrial chains to mainland China, South-East Asia. The Bay’s search for substitute firms has been acclaimed, smaller ones have taken orders from Nike, and have since established strong partnerships with them, and have managed to set up Nike’s first offshore research and development centre in Fontaine to develop gas mattresses, knitted shoes, etc.
Toyota is now growing up to make the world’s sports shoes, producing about 1/6 of Nike’s output in 2019, producing 123 million pairs of finished shoes, and establishing a strong partnership with head brands. Strategic analysis: branding one, focusing on size-based products
The brander focuses on the maintenance of head-supplier relationships, but also optimizes the supplier system, encouraging the plant to optimize its productivity. Compared to the Xuwon Group, the Toyota Enterprise, etc., the company started late in the sports shoe manufacturing industry, and started working with Quanwei to produce sneakers after 1995.
Appropriate branding and product-type strategies, focusing on recreational shoes, running shoes, etc., focusing on scale effects, creating advantages such as cost, quality, period, etc., with the goal of becoming the leading supplier of downstream customers' sneakers, and consolidating the position of the industry.
We used Nike as an example to analyse supply chain competition patterns and historical developments for head branders, and we came to two main conclusions: 1) with the expansion of head manufacturers, the concentration of the sneakers manufacturing industry is also high, leading manufacturers like Taiwan and South Korea have a closer relationship with sports brands, and it is difficult for new entrants to stir head patterns; 2) branders control head supply.
The size of the firm ensures its voice, Nike's largest supplier buys an estimated 20-30 per cent of the ceiling, and branders continuously adjust the supplier procurement ratio to provide mid-tail suppliers with an opportunity to increase their share of supply, giving suppliers an ongoing incentive, first of all, based on Nike's supply chain business directory, there were 118 sports shoe replacement plants (including raw materials) in 2019.
Suppliers of materials, equipment, etc., 308 sports and clothing plants, 75 sports and equipment plants, 56 raw materials plants, with a higher concentration of Nike sneakers suppliers, with 9 per cent of the largest plant production in the fiscal year 2020, more than 10 per cent of the top four suppliers, a total of 61 per cent, and a total of 20 supplier groups and 16 independent plants.
The average output of suppliers was less than 2%. Nike’s head sports shoe supplier group owned more than 10 factories, with a total workforce of over 50,000, compared to an average of 500 employees in independent factories, and production is estimated to be significantly lower than the sub-brands, with income of $35.568 billion and $1.846 billion in sports, respectively, in fiscal year 2020.
In 2019, Nike and Quaker each owned about 106 and 10 moving shoe factories (four of which were substitute for two brands, six of which were not branded). We assumed that Nike and Quail had interest rates of 43.42 per cent, measuring the 2020 fiscal year of Nike and the purchase of Quew sneakers at approximately $10,119 million and $713 million.
In US dollars, the average sales from the plant to Nike were US$ 95 million and US$ 71 million. We assume that in fiscal year 2020 Nike’s top four sports shoe suppliers’ group sales were the same as production, with a combined estimated sales of US$ 6,173 million and other suppliers’ average sales below US$ 202 million.
There will be no major annual changes in brand-shoe products and the need for a stable supply chain to ensure product turn-over, quality, and cost control, so head suppliers have mostly worked together for many years, with a wealth of experience and good relationships, and have greater advantages than they are, and without a particularly large change they will not be easily replaced by brands. Global sports shoes are branded against manufacturers.
A long-term study to decide whether to include core suppliers, and an early cooperative manufacturer can only obtain a small number of orders to be tested by brands, to examine production techniques, quality control, delivery times, and to develop design capabilities to determine an increase in the number of orders based on the results of the examination, compared to a significant difference between small and medium-sized manufacturers. Thus, new entrants to sports shoes manufacturers can enter the head after many years of study.
Second, branders do not want the supply chain system to be stabilized, optimize suppliers through order redeployment, and encourage middle-end suppliers to increase their market share. In Nike, for example, 1) five sports shoe suppliers for the fiscal year 2015-18 produced more than 10%.
The combined share was 69 per cent, while 4 of the financial year 2019-20 sports shoe suppliers produced more than 10 per cent, the combined share was 61 per cent, while the share of one supplier fell from more than 10 per cent to one digit, and given the steady decline in the number of suppliers in the fiscal year 2015-19, the ratio of production in the waist sector increased in the mid-2019 fiscal year.) The number of Nike sports shoe suppliers in the fiscal year 2015-19
There has been a steady decline in the number of orders to head plants, with the number of Nike sneakers in 2019 falling to 112, and in 2020 rising to 122, the number of cooperative plants increasing and the number of suppliers largely stable.
The company’s customer strategy is an important driver of sustained growth and future development. The Xuwon group has a large revenue base, with a decentralized client structure, with only 46% of the top five clients in the manufacturing business in 2019. Fongtai relies mainly on Nike, with more than 80% of Nike’s income in 2019, with the highest concentration of revenue.
The strategy, on the one hand, avoids the risk of excessive concentration of head brand revenues, brand controls, headstores buy, suppliers rely on a single brand for lower income ceilings, multi-brand collaboration opens up income growth opportunities: on the other hand, companies can create clear scale effects and cost advantages, and the production of sneakers requires longer development cycles and complexities.
The process, with more than 180 production processes, involves dozens of raw materials, and if production lines are frequently adjusted for different brands, different skus, production-scale effects and cost advantages will decline significantly. Thus, companies are steadily and limitedly expanding their head brand customers, while continuously expanding their share of brand procurement.
The current focus on expanding sports brands such as Nike, Quoway, vans, ug, puma, columbia, and ua, with the exception of Nike, has become the first-largest sports shoe purchaser of brands, product competitiveness has been recognized by clients, orders have significant scale effects, and there is a relatively small risk of being replaced by branders. Companies’ orders on major customers have continued to increase, contributing to steady income growth.
Wally's top client is the Nike Group, which started producing sports shoes in 1995 in cooperation with Quakers, started working with Nike brands in 2012 to set up Nike dictatorships and Nike Development Centers in Viet Nam, was a new generation member in the Nike brand supplier system, and in 2019, the company achieved revenues of 1,223 million yuan and 2.909 billion yuan for Nike and Quaker brands, an increase of 22.45 per cent.
16.26 per cent. We estimate that the company ' s sales of Quaker, Nike brands account for about 55 per cent and 4 per cent of its purchases of sneakers, that it has a stronger influence on Quakers, that its market share is stronger and that there is room for an increase in its market share in Nike ' s supply chain system.
For other major brand clients, the company has become the largest supplier of sneakers. In 2019, the company achieved revenues of 2,909 million yuan, 3,896 million yuan, 2,627 million yuan and 1,594 million yuan, accounting for about 55 per cent, 55 per cent, 40 per cent + 20 per cent of the purchase of sneakers, respectively, at a higher level.
3. Product-type strategies: focus on core goods, pursuing scale effects.
Goods such as running shoes, outdoor shoes, leisure shoes, etc., are relatively low in unit prices, but individual sku orders are usually larger and should be more visible in scale, helping to contain costs. Companies focus on the above-mentioned categories, pursuing the advantage of size and long-term accumulation, leading the competitive positions and costs in the industry, and expanding their market share.
In the case of Nike, the company currently produces sports and leisure shoes, such as Nike's brand, suitable for general exercise and daily wear, and has a larger space for growth. By category, Nike's 2020 financial year general sports, running, Jordan's series of bootie suits received the highest earnings (in wholesale calibre), at 40%, 12%, and 12% respectively.
Retail structures are consistent with the whole, measuring the general campaign of Nike in fiscal year 2020, running sales of $9,354 million, company sales of Nike brands amounted to only $1,223 million a year, accounting for 2.52 per cent of purchases in the two categories mentioned above, and future upgrades, so that corporate products have fewer skus and larger single sku orders than basketball shoes, football shoes, etc.
The impact of scale is more pronounced. In 2019, the company produced 1665 pairs of shoes per person per year, significantly higher than the major competitors, more efficient output by employees, and more rational and skilled production processes, with greater output scale effects and benefits for companies in controlling production costs. In terms of Māori rates, the company’s top five clients have a significantly higher Māori ratio than their other clients, mainly due to company bookings.
The single-scale effect is more pronounced, with clients ordering more and selling more on a larger scale, in addition to the company ' s long-term focus on core product production, which is heavily accumulated in terms of worker experience, process optimization, R & D design, and is significantly ahead of competitors, thus further strengthening the scale effect to reduce costs, fast-track R & D sample production to complete turn-over, control, etc.
Quality of production, which helps to obtain brand orders, builds a second-growth curve Growth analysis: the firm's solid foundation,
We believe that there are two stages in corporate development: one is that companies, through long-term collaboration with brands such as Quaker, ug, vans, constantly upgrading supply chain capabilities and becoming head suppliers, have developed over the years and have emerged from intense competition and are now clearly large and pre-eminent in the international head campaign brand supply chain system, with stronger voice and experience.
The other is that after 2010, companies will be active in expanding Nike, Puma, and ua head brands to expand their market share through their own advantages, and will still have the potential to grow. The first head of Nike brands is more concentrated, medium-tail suppliers are not estimated to have a significant difference in volume, and companies will have a certain competitive advantage as late entrants.
1. The growth context: the founder's focus on making more than 50 cartons of shoes, cutting into the golden track of sports shoes, and the founder of the company, Zhang Xingbuan, engaged in shoe manufacturing since the 1970s, and later in the 1980s with partners.
Co-invested in shoe factories. In 1990, Zhang Xianbuan was involved in the establishment of a good business (later known as the New Shirts Group) for the production of shoe-coating workers, and since then the New Shirts Group has expanded its international brand distribution and retail operations, engaged in the acquisition of Converses and reversed its performance in 2001 and sold to Nike, invested in reebok Chinese trademark licensed users at the end of 2004 and sold to Adidas in 2006.
The former Newcomer Group operates mainly American sports and leisure brands, sports and compressed clothing brands, skins, swimming brands, arena, etc., and develops retail operations such as shopping malls, Aoteles, community malls, etc.
Mr. Zhang has been in charge of shoe-making since 1994-2002 and 2005-2014, and as President of the Production Industry. During his tenure, Zhang has promoted shoe-making in the New Seon-Yu Group, set up several production subsidiaries and gradually transferred production capacity to Viet Nam.
In addition, Mr. Zhang’s children invested earlier in shoe-shoe manufacturing, and since 2002 several companies have been set up to provide development, design and production services for brands such as Converses, vans, Timberland, reef, etc.
After 2013, the Zhang Xinbu family consolidated their shoes to build assets, expanding new brands such as nike and underarmour, and eliminating non-motive, less-growing brands, continuing to build subsidiaries based on the expansion of existing plants.
The founder’s family devoted more than 50 years to the manufacture of shoes and shoes, dedicated to building world-class shoe manufacturers, and focused on ensuring company accumulation.
Over the years, companies have increasingly focused on the gold track of sports shoes, continuously optimizing their client structure, creating a high-quality customer matrix dominated by international front-line sports brands. Companies have grown to produce dragons for global sports shoes, especially sulfurized shoes.
Area-scale barriers are evident, and excellent clients, class strategies and the focus of the founders can help to drive companies to achieve sustainability.” 2. First growth curve: multiple advantages in the shoe-making industry, history shows that companies start at a relatively late start compared to Xuwon and Fontaine, and early on rely mainly on founder resources to expand the international community.
Sports brand clients, we see Wally shares similar to other manufacturing poles, creating advantages such as R & D design, quality management, cost control, turn-over services, customer resources, etc., and growing up with high-quality brands. The company is now the largest supplier of shoes and shoes for early brand expansion, such as Quantius, vans, and ug, and the largest supplier of shoes and shoes for Puma (which started working together in 13).
In terms of R & D design, the company has multi-year experience in the development of sneakers, participation in client product development processes, and by the end of June, the creation of a design R & D team of more than 2,400 people, accounting for 2.2 per cent of the total, with R & D costs in 2020 amounting to 209 million.
The company produces 3d printing, digitalization, laser cutting, etc., using advanced techniques, such as molding, shoe bottoming, shoe face weaving, self-production of unstoppable template systems, use of auto-bed rubber projectors, mechanical arm glue systems, etc.
In the future, companies will continue to invest in materials, processes, technologies, etc., especially functional soles that meet consumer needs. In terms of quality management, since its inception, companies have focused on the quality of their products, equipped with testing laboratories, and set up a process-wide quality management system covering the purchase of raw materials, product production, and finished product testing to ensure that products meet customer requirements.
In terms of cost control, the company has a cost advantage, and the production and product prices meet the requirements of the brander, thus maintaining the order to build the plant, fully enjoying the advantages of manpower, transport, customs, income tax, etc., with Viet Nam producing more than 95% of the company’s capacity in 2019;
2) Companies build complete industrial chains from product design R & D, molds, footwear, soles to finished products, integrated industrial chain layout helps to control total costs: 3) Companies actively introduce automation equipment, substitute labour in high-repeat and process accuracy requirements, and improve production efficiency: 4) Companies now grow into global shoes industry leaders with clear scale advantages,
Large-scale procurement reduces the cost of raw materials, unit labour, management, sales, etc. With regard to turn-over services, sports branders increasingly attach importance to the timeliness and stability of production, and companies with complete industrial chains, stable supply systems, mature production processes and workers can quickly complete production, with emergency order delivery times shortening the contract
By designing a vr system, a 3d printing system, the company is able to model itself, make fast samples, provide mature samples for customers, and use mature production lines to procure, produce quickly, and complete customer order requirements. With these advantages, the company has accumulated a larger number of world-renowned sports brand clients, creating a diversified head-office advantage.
Rapidly, it has become the largest supplier of shoes for brand clients like Converse, ug, vans, puma, columbia, etc., and has consolidated a competitive advantage, relying less on a single customer. With the establishment of a client matrix, companies have created entry barriers, tied high-quality branding resources, stable orders and profit levels, making it difficult for new entrants to capture market shares;
High-quality clients are demanding, continuously upgrading their supply chain management capabilities, strengthening their competitiveness, and promoting rapid growth. Companies are highly recognized by branders, leading major factories in their customer appraisals, and receiving numerous awards.
After 2010, the company developed a second growth curve, with the first-line sports brands of Nike, Puma, ua, and has begun to bear fruit, becoming the largest supplier of puma, ua shoes. In recent years, the company has been working together for longer periods of time.
In the second growth curve, the income of new clients has increased, adding to the rising corporate-market ratio. Under the first growth curve, companies have improved their management capacity during the boom period of rapid industrial growth, building supply-chain advantages from a variety of sources.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) compete for a position in the industry. Companies need to continuously expand their share of the Puma, Neck, and ua head brands under the second growth curve, but in the face of other equally mature competitors, the growth of firms depends on the competitive advantage of other head manufacturers, thereby acquiring more head brand orders.
Branders are looking primarily at cost, timing, quality, sustainable development, wishing to control the share and bargaining power of head suppliers, and in the area of sneakers, Wally shares have grown into global head manufacturers, with relative size, strength, turnover advantages for major competitors, and opportunities for growing head brand ownership are not lost in terms of quality, sustainability, etc.
1) In terms of cost separation, the direct materials, direct labour, manufacturing costs in the shoe industry are about 60%, 25%, 15%, and the structure is more stable. The direct materials consist mainly of leather, textile fabric, packaging materials, foaming footwear, rubber, etc., which together account for more than 80% of the direct materials cost, and Wally shares are primarily designated by brand customers and are supplied by customers and suppliers.
As labour-intensive industries, labour accounts for about 30% of the cost of shoe-making enterprises, and companies focus on economies of scale and on timely adjustment of production to ensure cost advantages.
Currently, the main production plant is located in northern Viet Nam, compared to the head rival plant, which is located mainly in the more economically developed and industrially concentrated South Vietnam region, and where employees face greater choice. Thus, the company’s workforce is stable, with a low exit rate, and its client and product-type strategy ensures a significant advantage in size, which helps the company to reduce its costs.) The company’s output is largely concentrated in Viet Nam, and most of it is concentrated in Viet Nam.
In 2019, the company’s direct pay averaged 27.1 million yuan/year, and the domestic ring-made dragon-head group (one-half of the cotton stockings were in Vietnam, with no flawless) was able to produce.
As a result, the company’s management capacity is strong, the scale effect is clear, and the prices of products are lower than those of competitors, helping to increase its market share. Average prices of corporate products were significantly lower in 2017-19, with companies producing sports and leisure shoes, on the one hand, because of differences in the type of staples, on the other hand.
The bulk of the running shoes and the lower prices of the products, on the other hand, is the company ' s ability to deliver, in addition to the normal and timely delivery of orders, to meet its customer ' s emergency claims, particularly in the case of hot sales, booming products, raising brands ' revenues, reducing the financial occupancy pressure and the risk of stock build-up.
In terms of design models, raw materials procurement, production experience, there are advantages in reducing delivery times to more than one and a half times for emergency orders, thereby meeting clients ' fast counter-demands and increasing market share. Compared to competitors, the stock turnover rate of companies is at a relatively high level, with a relatively short lead time for firm orders, which helps to upgrade customers by fine-tuning management, stock sales, fast counter-production, etc.
At present, competitive advantages such as the cost of a company ' s products and the rollover have been recognized by head brands, with companies starting to work with Puma in 2013 and growing rapidly as their first sports shoe producer in six years, with sales accounting for 17.25 per cent of Puma ' s sneakers purchased in 2019 and a decline in Puma ' s revenues affected by the epidemic in 2020h1, but the proportion of sports shoes produced by purchasing companies has increased.
To 24.80%. The company’s current listed fund-raising project, the Boun Fook Production Project in Viet Nam, and the Shicheon Shoe Base Project in Myanmar, are all used for new Puma sports shoe production, growing together with head brands. The company is expected to further expand its head product, brand capacity, and promote long-term expansion of productive capacity and income growth.
The company proposes to issue no more than 117 million shares for the expansion of Viet Nam's shoe-fixing production base, Myanmar shoe-shoe construction, Nakayama weaving shoe-face expansion, shoe-shoe development design centre and headquarters building, and business information system upgrades.
1. Production base extension project. The company intends to invest 407 million yuan in production base expansion in Hong Fux, Shanghai, Lichuan, Hirohin and Yong Hong, Viet Nam.
In Viet Nam, the company, through the deployment or expansion of existing plants, the introduction of advanced equipment and the implementation of product extension projects such as sports and leisure shoes, outdoor shoes, etc., is expected to increase shoe-wearing capacity by a total of 11.18 million pairs/year after the expansion of the five production bases, up from 2019.
The project has a three-year construction cycle, with companies building new factories in Yangon, Myanmar, to expand their sports shoe production capacity and produce 12 million pairs per year for post-partum Puma sports and leisure shoes. The construction period is three years, with a total investment of $572 million, and is expected to achieve an annual income of $1,159 million after delivery, compared to $2019 million.
The company ' s increased production of knitted shoes in Nakayama City, Guangdong Province, is used for the production of finished shoes, with a construction cycle of two years, with full post-partum income of $1.38 billion a year, and perfects the company ' s sports shoe industry chain.
The company plans to invest $783 million in the construction of new development design centres and headquarters buildings, improving the development of design software and hardware facilities, attracting excellence and upgrading product research and development. The project is to be built over a period of two years, and the company will acquire office buildings, introduce development design and office equipment, software, and pool development design, headquarters office, business displays, conferences, meetings, etc.
3. Business information systems upgrade project
The Division will upgrade its information systems to enable information transfer, exchange and processing between headquarters and branches, between departments, between companies and downstream, and provide intelligent decision-making based on large data analysis, and improve efficiency in research and development, procurement, production, and sales.
Further expansion of production capacity, which will be invested in factories in Viet Nam, Myanmar, etc. to meet downstream customer needs, and the production of sneakers is expected to be maintained 2) In terms of price, the company ' s customer structure, product class optimization, average sales prices have increased in recent years, we anticipate an increase in the administrative costs of labor, depreciation amortization, remuneration etc., and the company ' s research and development investment is expected to continue to increase and increase competitiveness.
It is clear that the growth in performance is sustained and more certain, and it is recommended to focus attention. Production areas are more concentrated in risk: now company factories are located mainly in Viet Nam, if local politics, economy, investment climate, etc.
Significant changes will have an impact on a company’s normal production operations, thus affecting performance growth. The risk of rising labour costs: a company’s competitive advantage depends on low labour costs, which will affect competitiveness and future income growth if labour costs rise significantly, and the company’s failure to plan and deploy productive capacity rationally.
Client concentration risk: The company’s main customers’ income is higher, and if there is a significant negative change in the future of the major customers’ sales operations, or if the company’s relationship with the main customers deteriorates, it will affect the growth of the company’s income.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.