Wally Group, China, the world, the world.
Zhang Jiaxuan, research assistant Tan Ji-chun, a professional shoe manufacturer with head brands, founder family industry experience and resources:
The company is the world's leading professional shoe manufacturer, with clients like Nike, vf, Puma, head sports brands, founder of the Zhang Zhenbuan family with more than 50 years of experience in the shoe industry, and now has over 100,000 employees, 21 factories in China, Viet Nam and Dominica, 2019.
• Deep-deep, high-sophisticated sneakers, to be or will continue to benefit from the concentration of head-generation plants
Being able to break down with fashion demands, the rate of penetration of sneakers will continue to increase, and the market for sneakers is expected to grow by 15% over the next five years. And large branders are strongly tied up with large up-stream factories, and there is a growing pattern of surrogates working with division of labour, with upstream manufacturing head effects.
The company, as a head-shoe manufacturer, is expected to get more high-quality orders in the future. • Client: a stable partnership with head sports brands, high client barriers: the company is the main supplier of brand-new sports shoe-steering products. 86.1% of the revenue in 2019 came from former sports brands.
High growth in the performance of the top five clients has also led to higher corporate order revenues. And large-scale production of orders by large clients has led to higher Māori ratios (24.8% in 2020) and more stable incomes for companies, especially in the case of the epidemic.
Actively expand other high-quality sports brands, such as onruning, asics, and newballance.  Globalized industrial chain layout, taking full advantage of locational advantages everywhere, and efficient organizational structure: the corporate shape became “China as a centre of management and development design, Hong Kong and China as a trading centre, Viet Nam as well as Hong Kong and China as a trading centre”
South, China, Myanmar, Dominica as a processing manufacturing centre, with about 99 per cent of the output coming from Viet Nam, taking full advantage of the local low-cost labour force advantage and policy tax incentives, became a more mature subsidiary management model, with better internal management and controls in place.
Management cost rates have improved continuously, reaching 4.2 per cent in 2020. ▪ Automation equipment has increased human effectiveness: companies maintain stable annual R & D inputs (about 2 per cent of revenue), continuously update automation equipment, reduce human demand, reduce material waste rates, increase efficiency, 17-
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is the leader of a tracker, with a stable head, customer orders, deep barriers to customer resources, and will or will continue to benefit from increased concentration in the substitute industry; in addition, the company is deepening its internal performance, from the organizational structure, equipment production lines, labour force.
1. The world’s leading sports shoe professional manufacturer, the world’s leading sports shoe professional manufacturer, has established a long-standing and stable partnership with five of the top 10 companies with market shares in global sports shoes.
There are 21 factories in China, Viet Nam and Dominica, producing more than 180 million pairs in 2019. The founder of the family of Zhang Xinyuan has more than 50 years of experience in the shoe industry. The company is engaged in the design, production and sale of sneakers, the main products of which are sport and leisure shoes, outdoor shoes, sports sandals, slippers, nike, Converse, vans, puma, columbia,
In 2020, the company earned 13.9 billion yuan, returned to its mother's net profit, and the company's history dates back to the 1970s to Taiwan, the Kingdom of Shoemaking, and has developed to date to create a stable customer resource and industrial chain advantage. Since the 1970s, Taiwan, one of the four Asian dragons, has taken over a number of contributions.
Motivated industries, known as the Kingdom of Shoe Industries, have led to the birth of a number of excellent shoe-making companies, including the Xuwon Group, the Fontaine Enterprises, the Xiqi International, and others. The company’s founder has also been developing from the end of the 1970’s, starting with the first replacement factory.
And, given Viet Nam’s rich low-cost labour force’s greater advantage for the labour-intensive shoe industry, the company established a business chain transfer strategy in 2005 to move the shoe factory gradually to Viet Nam, established Viet Nam Chuakawa in 2005, established Viet Nam Bong Wai in 2006, established Viet Nam Shanghai and Viet Nam in 2007 and established Viet Nam in 2010
Five companies, such as Yuzhmorgeologiya, have rapidly laid out a Vietnamese manufacturing base, and production capacity continues to expand, with 18 companies currently operating in Viet Nam, almost 99% of which are from Viet Nam. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the harvest is expected to pick up in 2021.
The net return profit growth rate in 2018 and 2019 was 38.5 per cent and 18.9 per cent, respectively, as a result of the epidemic, the effective control of the stockholdings of the Zhang Xinyuan family, with a clear and centralized equity structure, and extensive management experience.
After this release, the five members of the Zhang Zhenbuchi family held 87.48% of the company's shares, 10.03% of the public shareholders, and the stock structure was clear.
Clear and focused. For more than 50 years, the effective control of the family has been devoted to the development and manufacture of shoe-shoes, their experience, their profound understanding of the industry, and the construction of a mature business system.
There are a wide variety of footwear, which are highly functional, well-used and user-wide. Shoes are typically made up of shoe surfaces, sequester pads (but not available), bottom tables, large floors, and are divided into sneakers, sneakers and exclusive shoes, which can be divided into sports and leisure shoes, outdoor shoes, sneakers and slippers, and other professional sports.
Classes, etc. Traditional sneakers, depending on the context in which they are used, are designed to fit the characteristics of the movement, such as shock relief, smoothing, high-balling, etc., and, in order to cater to the consumer, they are more functional and comfortable in a timely manner. Now, sneakers are powerful, suitable for a variety of events, such as sports, work, school, etc., and their users cover a wide range of age groups.
Companies are in the middle of the shoe-coating manufacturing industry and are closely connected with upstream and downstream. This is reflected in: 1) Upstream: predominantly textile fabrics, leather, rubber, etc. manufacturers whose skill levels, supply capacity, price volatility all have an impact on the shoe-making industry, where China is the world ' s largest producer of cotton veils and fibre optics.
The supply of productive capacity, the rapid development of tanning industries in East and South-East Asia, the overall downward trend in leather prices, and countries such as Thailand, Viet Nam and China, which have been the main producers of rubber, have been more stable in recent years. (2) Downstream: mainly sports shoe-tracing brand operators and end-users, end-users are willing to buy their products
In recent years, in order to meet consumer demands for footwear, beauty, comfort, etc., sports-shoe operators have been increasing their research and development investment to speed up the pace of product renewal.
2.1. The global market for sneakers has been more favourable than traditional textile clothing. For a long time, sports clothing and the track of sneakers have always been higher than the overall view of clothing shoes, and downstream highs have also driven up-front order production.
The global shoe-coat market has been growing steadily over the long term, at a rate of more than 4%. From 2016 to 2020, the global shoe market grew from $38,172 billion to $454,223 million, with a steady growth rate of more than 4%. According to statista, it is projected that global shoe-coat market sales will continue to grow steadily in the future, reaching $51,274 billion in 2023.
The global market for sneakers has continued to grow strongly, and is expected to grow to $3791 billion in 2025. The market for sneakers, one of the strongest branches in the market, grew from $67.8 billion in 2010 to $146.5 billion in 2018, and the cagr to 10.1%. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the market will receive 2020.
The impact of the new crown epidemic is expected to be a small 4.6 per cent decline in market size from the same year, and the market size of sneakers has been expected to recover since 2021, with a high rate of growth, with cagr remaining above 14 per cent in 21-25 years, and the global market size of sneakers and sneakers is expected to grow in 2025, driven by the following factors:
Driver one: User choice is more disaggregated, and the wider use of sneakers is driven by the increased penetration of sneakers. On the one hand, as the sports industry develops, in addition to traditional basketball, football, sports outside the home, sports, sports, sports, etc.
A breakdown of the portrait has also led to more targeted shoe-gauge designs, such as beginners, ascenders, training, competitions, etc.: on the other hand, innovations in traditional sports shoes to sports and leisure shoes have increased the use and frequency of sneakers, thereby expanding their consumption markets.
Driver II: National policy support for sport and physical education and the promotion of sports consumption. The world’s major countries have adopted policies to support sport and physical education: 1) China: Over the last 10 years, China has issued a series of policy documents, including the National Fitness Plan, the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Sports Industry and others, which will provide comprehensive physical fitness.
(b) United States: In the 1970s to date, a number of national health promotion policies have been put in place, such as the Healthy Citizen series, issued every 10 years since 1980, and the National Fitness Plan, published in 2015, which encourages active participation in sports.
The growth of the sports industry has been driven by the strengthening of sports concepts. 2.2. The effect of the upstream manufacturing of sports shoes has been evident, with production shifting to South-East Asia. Most of the world’s world-renowned sports shoe companies have adopted brand-based and manufacturing-separation models.
Models include brand operations and manufacturing separation models, the former most common, the sports shoes-to-shoe brands covered by most of the world’s famous sports shoes-to-shoe brands, i.e. nike, adidas, sports shoes-to-shoe manufacturers, including Wally, Xuwon, and Fontaine.
In recent years, there has been a decline in the self-production of these brands, in cooperation with major upstream manufacturers, or in future trends. There is a trend to streamline suppliers’ brands of world-renowned sports shoes, and the market for large, professional shoe-making firms.
It is expected to increase further. Globally renowned sports shoe tags are often demanding in terms of manufacturers’ production capacity, capacity development, etc. Small sports shoe-shoe manufacturing firms often offer simple surrogates, do not have the capacity to develop autonomously, and do not have good security in terms of product quality and delivery times, so they have been branded in recent years.
There is a general tendency to streamline suppliers, preferring to work with large manufacturers. In the case of Nike, the number of shoe factories with which they work has been reduced from year to year.
Figure 11: Share of supply of products of the top five/four suppliers of nike. There is a constant shift in the shoe-coating industry to South-East Asia. Asia is now the largest continent in terms of shoe-coating production, with 87.4 per cent in 2019, compared to five countries in 2017-2019.
It is China, India, Viet Nam, Indonesia and Brazil, three of which are located in South-East Asia and South Asia (i.e. India, Viet Nam and Indonesia) with an upward trend, while China is declining each year.
In particular: 1) Wally Group, established in 2004 and listed on the business board in 2021, the main products include sports and leisure shoes, outdoor shoes and sports sandals, in cooperation with the international head-shoe branders, iike, puma, etc.; 2) Xu Yuan Group, in collaboration with the international head-shoe-shoe brands, i.e.
Founded in 1988 and listed in Hong Kong in 1992, the largest manufacturer of sports shoes in the world, mainly producing branded sports shoes such as Adidas and Nike; 3) ji International: established in 1995 and listed in Taiwan in 2012, mainly producing outdoor shoes, establishing cooperation with a large number of outdoor sports shoe brands: 4) Fontaine Enterprises, founded in 1971 and listed in Taiwan in 1992.
The Xuwon Group is a leading income group, with a robust rate of growth in Wally. The Xuwon Group is significantly higher than other firms, stable at $35-40 billion, and the Toyota and Wally Group are close to the same scale, with 10-16 billion.
In 18 and 19 years, Wally maintained an income growth rate of more than 20 per cent, notably higher than other firms, and showed good growth. 3. Corporate sports and leisure shoes contributed about 80 per cent of the income and maintained strong growth.
The company’s main products include sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots and sports sandals/slippers, which can be divided into sports and leisure. Since its creation, the company has been working on the design, production and sale of shoes and shoes, which can be divided into three categories according to the scene and function of their use, namely, nike, converse, vans, puma,
Undersarmour is represented by sports and leisure shoes, both by outdoor boots, which are represented by ug, columbia, vans, and by sports sandals, which are represented by tiva, nike, puma. 3.1 Sub-product income: sports and leisure shoes account for about 80 per cent of the total, and the dominant position continues to grow.
The ratio of outdoor boots and sports sandals/slippers and theirs has fallen from 19.9% in 2017 to 14.8% in 2019. (1) Sports leisure shoes: sports and leisure shoes have been further broken down into sports and leisure categories, with income contributing to sports.
The growth rate was 30/34 per cent per year, and the main driver of rapid income growth was the firm’s increased collaboration with head-match brands such as nike, puma, underarmour, and the rapid growth in client performance led to an increase in income from the company’s recreational shoe class. The sales of leisure shoes earned $9.2.10.6.9 billion, or 14.6 per cent to 6 per cent, respectively.
The main reason for the slight fall in revenue in 2019 was that the company’s capacity was tilted toward sports products, and sales of recreational sports brands such as toms, clarks, and Timmerland decreased. ugg, columbia, etc., expanded product line cooperation, thereby facilitating the sale of sports sandals/slippers.
Figure 17: Corporate income per product line increases per year Figure 16: Size of Company income per product line (millions of yuan)
3.2. Product sales: sports and leisure shoes are growing, the company as a whole is in the vanguard of the industry, and the sales of recreational sports brands such as toms, clarks, timberland are reduced. (2) Outdoor boots and shoes: sales of outdoor shoes were 11.2/12.8/12.7 million pairs in 2017-2019, respectively.
The shoe type and production processes for outdoor boots are more complex and subject to process and capacity constraints, with smaller volumes being produced. (3) Sports sandals/slippers and others: sales of sports sandals/slippets and other sales from 2017 to 2019 increased by 40 per cent due to the expansion of product lines by the ugg, columbia and other brand orders, respectively.
Compared to the industry, the size and rate of increase in sales were industry leaders. From 2017 to 2019, the group was larger and stable at more than 320 million pairs; and the sales of the group grew at a higher rate than the industry.
Average, second only to the Xu Yuan group, gradually stretching out the leading edge with Fontaine. 3.3. Product unit price: optimized product structure, higher value-added product sales, increased overall unit price, different product unit prices for different product groups due to differences in the complexity of production processes and production costs.
In descending order: outdoor boots, leisure, sports sandals, sandals, and others. Overall, the unit price of 2019 and 2020h1 products has tended to increase by 8 per cent per unit, respectively.
Purchase orders grew faster. Unit prices for leisure type 2017-2020h1 were $85/94/107/113, price points 2018-2019 were increased by -7 per cent/ 4 per cent, price fluctuations were mainly influenced by the positioning and pricing of client order products. (3) sports sandals/slippers and others: sports sandals/slippers and other unit prices 2017-2020h1 respectively
Compared to the same industry, which is influenced by product structure, overall sales in Wally are at a lower level, but there is a clear trend towards price increases. Among comparable firms, Wally sells a lower unit price for its products, largely influenced by product structure, and the Wally Group provides more of its products in favor of sports and leisure, such as its sales of Converse brands under the nike group, which account for all of them.
The share of sales is around 70%, resulting in a relatively low overall sales unit price for the Wallies Group, but there is an overall upward trend. By contrast, the outdoor shoes produced by Qui Qi International are more demanding on materials and more complex on the process, with a relatively high sales unit price; and Fong-tae has been working with its major client, Nike, for over 40 years to provide it with a wide range of products, including specialized ones.
The unit cost of the product: due to higher human costs and higher share of high-value products, the unit cost of each product ranged from high to low for outdoor boots, leisure, sports sandals/slippers and others.
In general, the unit cost of the product has increased as a result of increasing equipment and human inputs, and the unit cost of the product has increased differently because of differences in the production process.
The effect has been to reduce labour costs and manufacturing costs. The larger increase in 2019 was due to an increase in the cost of raw materials and fixed asset inputs for high-cost units, which affected 2020h1, resulting in lower per capita output and higher fixed costs, respectively.
For $77/82/88/94, the unit cost increase of 2018-2019 was 7 per cent per year. The annual increase in unit cost was due to the increase in orders from high-value single brands such as Colehaan and ug, which led to an increase in the cost of raw materials. (2) Outdoor boots: outdoor boots from 2017 to 2020h1 cost 133/124/131/127, respectively.
(3) Sports sandals/shoes and others: The variable unit cost of sports sandals/shoes and other 2017-2020h1 products, respectively, leads to higher fluctuations in direct material costs.
Figure 26: Change in cost per product group 3.5. Product Māori ratio: The overall Māori rate remained stable, with the highest Māori rate for sports and leisure shoes, which remained stable, with a slight decline in the impact of the 2020h1.
Profitable plates, outdoor boots and sports sandals/slippers, for the most part, have a low level of production relative to sports leisure, which has reduced the Māori rate, due to process and scale factors.
The main reason for this is that the production process is more complex and unable to produce on a large scale, resulting in a simpler unit production cost and a relatively low value added product that does not allow for the acquisition of high Maori.
The company’s capacity continues to expand, and its capacity is maintained at a high level. As the size of the company’s production expands and equipment expands, the capacity needs to be further expanded to meet growing customer demand.
3.6.2. The bulk of the funds raised were used for the expansion of capacity. The company ' s current proposed fund-raising investment was RMB 3.84 billion, representing 47 per cent of the funding for the expansion of the production base, mainly for six projects, the Viet Nam Shoe Base Expansion Project, the Myanmar Shicheon Shoe Base Construction Project, and the Ministry of Agriculture.
The annual production of 35 million pairs of knitted shoe surface expansion projects, the Wally stock shoe development centre and the construction of the headquarters building, the Wally share operation information system upgrade project and the replenishment of the mobile capital, 47% of which will be used for the expansion project. Full delivery of the total projected additional production capacity of 58 million pairs of shoes, with an additional annual income of 3,777 million yuan, is expected.
Core competitiveness: binding large clients and continuously improving organizational efficiency 4.1. Client: deepening collaboration with internationally recognized brands, consolidating corporate client advantage, adopting a high-quality customer binding strategy, and establishing heads with five of the top 10 companies with market shares in global sports shoes
The company is the largest supplier of global branded footwear such as converse, ug, vans, puma, columbia, hokaoneone, Colehaan, and the main supplier of shoes and shoes from Nike, vf, deeckers, puma, columbia, and underarmour.
The company’s top five clients have remained stable. The company’s income from the top five clients has grown faster and more stable than the larger clients’ income orders since 2017, and has also helped to drive the company’s scale production.
A defined partnership can also guarantee stable demand for orders, lower return risk, and a stable level of profit. At the same time, high standards and efficiency among large clients also drive companies to optimize continuously in terms of design, manufacturing, and internal management, thus laying a solid foundation for long-term development.
Figure 38: Income from the top five clients grew faster than overall large client orders, resulting in higher Māori ratios. The level of Māori in the top five clients of the company is significant, head brands are strongly tied to head suppliers, strong ones are persistent, and supplier head effects are becoming more apparent: brands are on the side.
In considering suppliers, a combination of strengths is considered, including capacity and size, level of operations and industry experience, labour and human rights, history of cooperation, etc.; 2) capacity development, including the development of equipment, cycles, quality of personnel and historical development experiences, etc.; 3) productive capacity, including equipment, processes and technology, quality control, supply chain management, emergency delivery capacity, etc.
Generally combined, large suppliers have relatively easier access to large brand orders, more standardized production through large orders, higher efficiency and profitability, greater profitability to ensure that more money is invested in the next phase of R&D, equipment upgrades, capital inputs, etc., so as to obtain better quality orders. A positive cycle is emerging, with a more visible head effect.
Continued outreach to new clients, promising future growth: Since 2020, the company has successfully expanded the Swiss jogging campaign, the brand of unrunning, and is actively communicating with global brands of sports shoes such as aics and newballance. With a wealth of surrogate experience, product quality and delivery capacity, the firm’s orders are expected to remain stable.
4.2. Globalized industrial chain layouts: local location advantages are being fully realized and organizational structures are being effective The company has developed a business layout of “China as a centre for management and development design, Hong Kong as a centre for trade, China as a centre for processing and manufacturing, and Viet Nam, China, Myanmar, Dominica as a centre for processing and manufacturing”. The company has developed a more mature son-in-law.
Hong Kong and Nakayama are trade clearing centres. Companies purchase raw materials, receive orders, pay suppliers, etc.
The company has accumulated a wealth of resources for developing design talent over the years in Nakayama, and has set up a development design centre in Nakayama, making full use of the industrial chains and diverse raw materials of mainland China to fast-track its shoes. The main production base is in Viet Nam. The company has 21 shoe-making plants, 18 of which are located in Viet Nam.
The former Viet Nam’s production ratio rose from year to year, reaching close to 99% in 2020h1. Take advantage of the local low-cost labour force. Figure 42: The main production base is in Viet Nam. Viet Nam has a rich and low-cost labour resource: the shoe-coating manufacturing industry is a labour-intensive industry, and its development is a labour-intensive industry.
Transfers are constrained by labour force factors. In 2007-2019, Viet Nam ' s manufacturing sector employment grew at a high rate, from 5.665 million to 1,1288,000 people, compared with 5.9 per cent in Cagr, China ' s textile clothing and shoe cap manufacturing sector, which is at a lower level and stable at around 2 million people. In terms of average wages, Viet Nam ' s industrial and construction sector per person in 2019
The average monthly wage is below US$ 300, which is well below the US$ 851 per person/month in Chinese manufacturing. The company’s plant is located in the northern part of Viet Nam, where human costs are relatively low throughout Viet Nam, and where labour costs are more pronounced.
The United States and the European Union, which in 2019 was the top importer of shoes, accounted for 19.1%, and five of the top ten importing countries, which together accounted for 17.5%. South-East Asian countries tend to have good trade relations with major importing countries, for example, Viet Nam, which has a Gsp preferential tariff rate for almost the majority of the world’s developed countries, vis-à-vis the European Union.
The export shoes are subject to zero tariffs, while the export shoes are subject to a benchmark rate for the United States, while the export of Chinese shoes is far higher than that of Viet Nam. South-East Asian countries offer preferential investment policies to foreign investors: some South-East Asian countries offer foreign investors.
The corresponding protective measures, support policies and tax incentives, such as the Vietnamese Investment Law, which provides detailed provisions on safeguarding foreign investors ' funds and property, transfer of intellectual property rights, and provides policy support in areas such as labour-intensive industries, export processing zones, etc., while foreign investment enterprises and Vietnamese domestic capital enterprises apply uniform tax standards,
Projects in different areas implement different tax rates and reduction periods. 4.3. At the end of production: Automated equipment improves production efficiency Active use of automated technologies to provide high-quality products to customers. Companies actively adopt automated technology to guarantee products
Quality. Companies purchase, autonomously develop or customize automation equipment and use it in both R & D design and manufacturing stages, ensuring the stability of product quality while improving production efficiency. Figure 47: Corporate automation equipment
The average human effectiveness is significantly higher than that of comparable companies, leading the production efficiency industry. From 2017 to 2019, the average human effectiveness of companies grew from 1,153 to 1378 pairs/day, with cagr at 9.3%, and production efficiency at the forefront of the industry.
5. Financial analysis: income profits grew steadily, cost rates were well regulated, income profits grew at a high rate and the impact of the epidemic was less severe.
The dollar grew to 15.17 billion yuan, or 23.1% for cagr, and achieved a high rate of growth. In 2020, the epidemic affected 19.3% of the population, and the rate of increase slowed down in 2020.
The Māori rate is slightly higher than the industry average, and the net interest rate is significantly higher than the industry. From 2017 to date, the company Māori rate has remained above 20%, slightly above the industry average, and the G Māori rate is at the top of the industry list, largely as a result of the full use of its role model effects; the company ' s net interest rate has stabilized at over 10% and is significantly higher than the other companies, while the G net is the net.
Interest rates have remained low in the industry, mainly as a result of retail operations. Corporate cost structures have remained stable for the last three years, consisting mainly of direct materials, direct labour and manufacturing costs, and corporate cost rates have remained generally low in the industry owing to the efficiency and stability of the organizational structure.
Ping. The company is an upstream sub-employer with a stable large client, with a lower overall sales cost, with a sales cost of around 1.4 per cent for the company from 2017 to 2020; it has accumulated a wealth of experience in managing its operations over the years, maintaining the efficiency of the woven structure, with management costs at a lower level in the industry and falling from 5.2 per cent to 4.2 per cent each year.
Figure 54: Comparable cost of company sales Figure 55: Comparable cost of company management has recovered significantly, with sports products remaining the main growth-led plate and outdoor boot sales relative to 2020
The company is a leader in sports shoes, with stable head-client orders, deep barriers to customer resources, and does not come or continue to benefit from increased concentration in the industry; it is also deepening its internal work, from its organizational structure.
The market value of the Hong Kong share, the collection price, and the eps are Hong Kong currency, the market value of the shares, the collection price, and the exchange rate of Hong Kong currency/Kyoto currency is 0.84. There is a risk that labour costs will rise: while the vast majority of the company’s production will come from areas with low human costs, the overall wage level in the region is still on the rise, and companies will continue to face the risk of rising human costs in the future.
Large client orders are reduced: the company derives its income mainly from large head customer orders, the number of suppliers under the head customer flag is larger, the company may face competition among suppliers or the risk of loss of revenue from international trade due to the transfer of large customer orders: although the company is enjoying a relatively rich share of developed countries in the Vietnamese region at this stage
There is no risk that the previous preferential policies will be withdrawn as a result of changes in the international situation. Political risk: the company’s main production base is in South-East Asia, and there is some uncertainty as to whether future changes will take place, despite the current attitude of local governments to support the foreign business as a whole.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board