Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies Wally Group (300979.sz) Purchase (first rating)
The world's leading sports shoe-making champions: companies focus on shoe-gagging products, mostly sports and leisure shoes, producers, and produce in northern Viet Nam, mainly exports from Europe and the United States, deeply tied to the top international brand clients, with the top five clients of 20h1 (nike, vf, deeckers, puma, columbia) all globally.
In 17-19, the net profit market rose by 23%, 28%, and the income from the epidemic fell slightly over 20 years, compared to the share of the restroom shoes in the top 10 companies with a combined contribution of 89.5%.
The trend of uplifting (about $37.91 billion in 25 years, 14% for cagr), high concentration (19cr 57.2%), shift of production to South-East Asia, increased fashion attributes, etc., in close collaboration with head branders, and early entry into the upstream manufacturing poles of overseas production. China’s shoe manufacturing capacity is sufficient, but China’s shoe manufacturing capacity is high.
High-quality supplier resources are scarce, and Wally has a clear lead, leading the industry in terms of collection and sales. (a) Construction of R & D, delivery, cost, customer competitive advantage: (b) Steaking R & D is leading, large clients are mixed up in experience, and related operations such as vertically integrated shoe modelling, knitted shoe face, etc. upstream; (b) devices
With rapid delivery capacity, emergency order delivery time can be reduced by more than half; 3) capacity distribution is artificially made in northern Viet Nam, where it is lower, while increasing automation, informationization, vertical integration downgrading; 4) core clients are quality stable, giving companies robust orders and performance growth and stable profit levels
Looking to the future, core client share increases to consolidate advantage, and productive capacity continues to expand to boost performance: companies will continuously expand the share of existing client orders, develop potential high-quality customers, while keeping ipo capital.
Expanding productive capacity, building research and development bases, and building up capacity to deliver R & D at the same time as failing to act as a bottleneck. Compared to Shin Chau International, which is a leader in head campaigning, companies also have outstanding R & D and automated water, efficiency leadership, global distribution of production capacity, deep binding of industry head customers, and sneakers.
The investment proposal is that companies, as major suppliers of international head-movement brands, will continue to increase their share in the long term, benefiting from the benefits of their own research, management efficiency, and the dividends of rapid growth and concentration in the industry.
In the short term, the company’s performance is expected to pick up rapidly as the epidemic improves and downstream demand returns. The ipo raises $3.878 billion, mainly for places such as Vietnam, Myanmar, Middle Mount, etc., with a certain value premium and a share of scarcity, giving a “buy-in” rating for the first time.
At the end of the income spectrum: downstream clients ' performance was impaired in 2020, the capacity utilization rate of companies declined to 85.7 per cent in 2021 as the impact of the epidemic improved demand recovery and the capacity utilization rate of companies increased to pre-epidemiological levels. In the long run, companies are actively expanding their new customers and the steady growth of their previous client orders is expected to drive higher sales.
7.833 million pairs of production capacity in Myanmar amounting to 12 million pairs of revenue gains of $866 million and $811 million, respectively; Profit-end: With the optimization of the company's product structure and the growth of high Māori-ratio client orders over the next three years, it is expected that the company's development process will be further refined and the existing capacity and clients will be streamlined;
(a) An analysis of the competitive advantage of companies over their counterparts and industry patterns and trends, and a comparative analysis with Proximity of Sports Clothes, Shin Chai International;
As the impact of the epidemic diminishes, consumption recovers significantly, and the company’s downstream customers, such as nike, puma, gradually recovers, adding up the company’s active outreach to new customers, promising to drive the company.
The company’s ability to meet its clients’ demand for orders will be enhanced by the company’s ability to raise its own capacity. Adding to the company’s capacity to make productive use is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of its performance.
As the impact of the epidemic improves, companies are actively expanding their new customers, stabilizing the growth of pre-existing client orders is expected to drive higher sales, and further expansion of the company’s capacity is expected to meet more customer demand. With the optimal structure of the company’s products and the growth of high-morigin client orders, corporate profitability is expected to increase simultaneously.
Viet Nam's risk of rising human costs; exchange rate fluctuations; and the risk of the continued spread of the overseas epidemic.1 The world's leading professional shoe manufacturers 1.1. Corporate profile: professional shoe-making taps and joint development of international sports brands
The Wally Group, a leading global professional shoe manufacturer, registered as a Taiwan-owned company in Guangdong Nakayama in 2004, has been focusing on shoe-shoe business since its inception, with a variety of soles, footwear and shoes in the main camp.
On April 26, 2021, the company landed on the entrepreneurship board and was the first to market a share in the production of sneakers. The products of the company can be divided into three categories: sports and leisure shoes, outdoor shoes, cool sports/slippers, which were collected in 2020.
Chart 1: The company's main product class and the major brand representatives are the sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals, sandals and others, and on the choice of a cooperative brand, the company uses the `big-quality customer strategy' with its head international brand.
Deeply tied and established long-term and stable partnerships with five of the top 10 companies, such as Nike, vf, and Columbia, in terms of market share of recreational shoes. As of the first half of 2020, the top five clients of the company were nike in order of income.
The company has increased its importance in the customer supply chain system through excellent production efficiency and delivery efficiency, with deep binding with head branders, from the top five clients over the years.
Since most of the company’s clients are international brands, the market for their products is dominated by the export of regional markets in Europe and America. In 2020, the United States market collected $12.21 billion, or 87.9%, in the first place; and the second, the European market, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place.
1.6 billion yuan, or 11.6 per cent; other countries, including China, have a relatively small share of income. 1.1.2 The founder acquires shares and takes over the shoe-shoe branch.
But Wally Group, which served as a branch of the business of producing shoes for the Hong Kong stock listings in the period 2004-2013, has been divided into two main stages for the development of business companies in 2013. Wally has a limited rapid roll-out.
The Xinx Group, along with the new stock, Jang Seok-Yun buys the new Xin, and Wally's limited plana
We've been involved in the creation of Yuen, and the name of Tung-joo has been changed to a new shoe made for the New Shoe Group.
The Ging Group is on the market, the Chinese Group, the Wally Group is independent.
Phase I: The company began to create a shoe-making branch and the founder of the company, Mr. Zhang Zhenbuan, began the shoe industry in the 1970s, invested several shoe factories in Taiwan, Guangdong and others, and established a good business with partners in Hong Kong in 1990.
In February 1995, Yoshinaga (Governance Group) took control of the stockholdings of the good and bright business and other affiliated companies, and was listed in Hong Kong in March of the same year. The main business was manufactured for shoe-coating workers.
Contributorship and change of name to the New Shoe Group. Mr. Zhang Xe Yin has long served as Director of the New Chau Group from 1994 to 2002 and from 2005 to 2014 and has been President of the Production Business until the acquisition of the Sinoe Group Shoe-steering Assets and has been in charge of the shoe-stealing manufacturing industry.
During Mr. Zhang's tenure, the shoe-fixing business of the Xinjiang Group continued to develop. It was established in 1999 and was limited in 2004 by Wally, in 2006 by Bonwei Viet Nam, in 2008 by leaping to Viet Nam, and in 2011 by setting up the Xu Chang and Xu Chang Shui shoe industry in Viet Nam.
At the same time, with the arrival of new shareholders in the new conglomerates, the new conglomerates’ operations have gradually diversified in the direction of brand companies, property, etc. The second phase: independent operations, opening up a new chapter in development.
In the ensuing five-six years of operation, the Zhang Zhenbu family, which acquired a shoe-shoe manufacturing business, operated and managed all the shoes-shoes-making assets it controlled, and the Wally group began to operate independently, saw the rapid development of shoe-shoe-making assets under the control of the Zhang-sewy family.
In addition to the growth of previous client orders, clients and brands are constantly expanding to become important suppliers of nike, underarmour, among others. In order to meet the growing demand for orders, in addition to the continued expansion of existing plants, the Dominican Shanghai was established in October 2013 and the Viet Nam Yongzheng, Yahin, Viet Nam, and Viet Nam in 2014.
In the course of years of development, the shoe-shoe-making assets controlled by the Zhang Xin Yon family built up a mature business system with production and operations in mainland China, Viet Nam, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Dominica, Myanmar.
Several countries and regions have long provided professional development design and manufacturing services for globally renowned sports and leisure brands such as Nike, Converse, vans, Puma,ugg, columbia, underarmour, hokaoneone, etc., and have built companies “with Nakayama as a centre for management and development design”
Hong Kong, China, Myanmar and Dominica are the centres of processing manufacturing.” 1.1.3. South-East Asia, the main distribution of production capacity, fully exploits the cost advantages.
By the end of 2020, the company had 21 shoe factories in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc., producing more than 180 million pairs of shoes in 2019, a small global production of more than 100 million pairs of sneakers, and currently the company’s main production plant is located in northern Viet Nam. Viet Nam is far from other South-East Asian countries.
Closeness to China effectively saves transport costs and reduces tariffs on imports from the European and American countries. By the first half of 2020, companies produced a total of 75.4 million pairs, of which Viet Nam produced 74.61 million pairs, and Dominica produced 800,000 pairs, representing 98.9 per cent and 1.1 per cent respectively.
1.2. Financial analysis: Performance growth is robust, profitability is bright corporate income and net profit growth is robust. The net profit return is $1.88 billion (+3.2 per cent) for the company from 2017 to 2019. The net profit return is $1.88 billion (+3.2 per cent) and the income from the epidemic has declined and the net gain has slowed.
Against the backdrop of the impact of the global new coronary epidemic on consumer demand, there has been no significant decline in corporate performance, showing a degree of resilience, mainly in the following areas: 1) good corporate capacity to prevent and control the outbreak in Viet Nam, with no major impact on the functioning of the plant; 2) close client relationships, and priority on orders. As the new coronary vaccine has been successfully developed,
As the global economy moves into a recovery cycle, there will be a rebound in demand for moving shoes and consumer markets, and we believe that corporate performance will recover as the industry as a whole recovers, and is expected to grow further. By contrast, the steady growth of the Wally Group has led to a rise in industry’s leading performance.
The company ' s combined recovery and return of net profits from 2017-2019 was 23.1% and 28.3%, each at a higher rate than that of other industry firms. The performance of Fongtai, Xiqi International, and Xuwon Group during the same period was 15.6%, compared to 21.7% for the same period, and the net profit fell by 128.3%.
Figure 14: Comparison of the rate of increase in the net profits of parent-to-many companies (%) by sub-product, where the share of sports leisure shoe products is the highest and rising from year to year.
71.9%, 74.3%, 78.2%, and 81.2%, the largest and increasing trend. The process of manufacturing sports and leisure shoes is simpler than the outdoor shoes, and is therefore naturally more suited to the production scale effect as a substitute for the core competitiveness.
Figure 15: The company’s main product collection has increased steadily (millions of dollars). Figure 16: The share of sports and leisure shoes in the overall collection has continued to rise, with the region receiving only about 1% of the overall collection. 2020, due to the impact of the epidemic in the United States, compared to Europe.
Even more severe and income declines are evident, with the share of European markets rising to 11.6 per cent as a proportion of recent growth, 1.2.2, cost controls are fine, profitability is high, and the overall Māori rate of companies is stable.
The Division has extensive experience in the regulation of raw materials, labour costs, and is able to maintain a stable Māori rate without major changes in the market environment and product composition. The Māori ratio of companies was slightly higher in 2018 than in 2017 and 2019, with some of the higher Māori product ratios increasing.
As a result of the increased contribution of the high Maori client Nike and the higher Māori rate of leisure shoes, the Māori rate rose steadily throughout the year, from 1.3 pct to 24.82% in 2019.
The ratio is close to and stable at around 23% for sports and leisure shoe products. Sports and leisure shoe products are less variable for outdoor boots, with a simpler composition of raw materials and manufacturing processes, and therefore more open to scale effects and a higher rate of Maori; sports cooling/slippers are less productive and have less value added.
(b) The company’s Māori rate is slightly lower than that of the Toyota Enterprise and Xuwon Group, mainly in the production of sports shoes.
There is a declining trend in management costs, mainly due to a decline in the share of managers’ salaries in total revenue. Compared to industry, the sales charge rate for 2017-2020h1 is significantly lower than that for comparable companies in the same industry.
Average. Mainly because the Xuwon Group covers retail operations, and because managers in areas with higher average pay, such as mainland China and Taiwan, account for a higher share of sales costs and administrative costs; and because of the relatively small international volume, the impact of scale is relatively weak and the corresponding cost of marketing is higher;
The regional distribution of the production capacity of the Toyota enterprise and the types of products are broader than that of the company, so that the management radius is larger and its head office and the region where the plant is located have higher pay levels than that of the company, so that the cost of sales and the overall cost of administration are higher. Figure 21: Corporate marketing costs are lower than those of comparable firms in the industry (%)
A firm’s net home-to-home interest rate is stable and significantly higher than comparable companies in the same industry. The scale effect of fine cost management and cost control and large-scale production is that the performance of the parent-to-home rate is significantly higher than that of comparable companies in the same industry.
1.3. Equity structure: Stable concentration of equity for decision-making Centralization of corporate equity structure for control and unity of decision-making.
After this release, the Zhang Xinwu family will control 87.48% of the shares of the Hong Kong Shunyo and Nakayama indirect companies, and the equity structure will be concentrated to facilitate effective unification of the policy.
The ipo financing project increases the scale of production and hits the bottleneck of bankruptcy. Due to the good state of development of major international brand clients working with the company, the company’s capacity utilization has remained high in recent years, and it is now tight enough to meet future development needs.
3.878 billion yuan, mainly for projects such as the expansion of Viet Nam's shoe-shoe production base, the construction of Myanmar's shoe-shoe production base, and the expansion of weaving shoe surfaces in Nakayama.2 There was a strong growth in demand for the competitive track and a shift in low-cost industries to South-East Asia
2.1. Growth in demand for sneakers and increased fashion properties of products The global shoe-fixing market is expected to grow to $512.736 billion by 2023, corresponding to 4.2 per cent in 2019-2023.
The competitive gold track and the fast growth of the market for sneakers. Horizontally, compared to the shoe track, the sneakers, the exclusives benefit from increased demand for sports consumption as a result of the rising consumption trend in recent years, while the sports shoes built for professional mobility have a more comfortable wear experience and can significantly squeeze the market for other products.
The market for sneakers has continued to grow at a high rate in recent years, as a result of the growth in endogenous + spillover growth. According to Grandview estimates, the global market for sneakers in 2019 was approximately $168.5 billion, compared to 10.6 per cent in 2010-2019.
Global demand for sneakers affected by the epidemic declined in 2020, but consumer health awareness and growth will recover rapidly and continue to be steady from year to year, reaching about $379.1 billion by 2025 in the global market for sneakers, above industry-wide firms, including upstream manufacturers.
The concentration of sneakers is higher and is expected to increase. The average shoewear product is often difficult to increase because consumers need to be more personalized and more volatile, and the product itself is less difficult to manufacture, yet the sneakers suit is characterized by functional attributes and concentration of head marketing resources.
There is a higher degree of differentiation, with markets becoming easier to move to front-line firms with higher technology R & D and brand advantages The concentration of sneakers in the market has steadily increased, reaching 70.7 per cent and 83.9 per cent, respectively, of which only Nike and Adidas are the two internationally recognized brands as of 2020
We believe that with the presence of the Matthews effect in the industry, head branders are working with high-quality sub-plants in the industry with sufficient orders, depending on their strong product development, production power and precision to control the flow of the tide.
It is hoped that this will lead to a further increase in the market’s share of the market, as well as to an in-depth collaboration with head branders. The international sports brander’s share of footwear is higher than that of apparel products and remains stable.
The major clients, i.e. nike and puma, both internationally renowned sports brands, have been able to show, through the collection structure of two companies over the last 10 years, that the share of sneakers has been higher and stable than that of sports clothing products.
So, for suppliers, shoe orders are more stable. On the other hand, international brands tend to take more shoes than costumes, so the potential market for upstream footwear manufacturers is more likely to grow.
In a positive and healthy way, the need for functional attributes to the physical and safety needs of sneakers products is greatly stimulated, and according to Maslow's "demand pyramid" theory, people continue to pursue higher levels of demand when they meet lower levels of demand. The sneakers themselves have a forward-looking design and advanced technology.
Applications, which are functional and displaying consumer attributes, can meet people’s psychological and social needs. Differential products through combinations, qualification, brand story wrapping, fashion and higher product premiums are also one of the directions for the future of the industry, especially in professional sports.
This is particularly evident in the sport and leisure market outside the series. 2.2. Division of labour in the industry, where the manufacturing enterprise and the brand side form a community of interests.
It consists of three components: raw materials, manufacturing, and branding, in which branders adopt two business models: self-marketing or branding. As the social division of labour grows, a growing number of well-known sports brands are starting to adopt brands in order to maximize value-added efficiency at each link in the chemical chain.
In the context of a professional division of labor, branders interact with and are interdependent.
Building on the expansion of the market size of brand clients, branders also have to take up their share of the market, and the technological process of producing shoes in high-quality factories and the full capacity to produce them are both proud and lost. For brands, surrogates are no longer simple upstream suppliers, but rather their own strategic development configurations.
At the top of the list, branders will support companies with greater capacity to develop and deliver to match China’s shoe-making capacity, but with scarce resources from high-quality suppliers. According to the Portuguese shoe-making association, China, India, Viet Nam, Indonesia, Brazil, Turkey, Pakistan, Menga, 2019.
In Latin America, Mexico, Italy, the top 10 countries in the world, China produces 55.5% of the world’s shoe-shoe products, producing enough production capacity to produce the best worldwide supply of raw materials for shoe-shoes.