The first fleet of shipowners, whose assets continue to improve, transport and shipping ports, are the fourth largest shipowners in the world, with excellent profitability. Over 2.9313 million people are under corporate control.
Teu, with 11.5 per cent of the world’s cities, is nearly 1.2 million tons larger than Heberoth, the fifth largest. In 2021, the company’s combined operations grew by 97.5 per cent, with more than 98 per cent, and the rest contributed to the co-ordinated wharf operations.
In recent times, the market has been concerned about the supply and demand of the clustering industry: on the demand side, the Fed is expected to raise interest rates rapidly during the year, thus affecting global consumption demand, but historically, interest increases by the Fed have had a more limited impact on the consumption of durable goods; on the supply side, the market is concerned.
Over the course of the year, pressure on transport delivery gradually increased, but alphaliner showed a 22-year shipment with a 52-week maximum/minimum rate, with pressure actually less than 21 years, and a significant portion of the delivery capacity applied to the city within the region.
In addition, the alliance’s pattern has improved significantly since 2020, with mainstream shipowners entering into long-term agreements with their clients to stabilize prices, including through stoppages. The duration of the domestic epidemic is key to the recovery of the clustering industry, and when.
The recurrent effects of the epidemic on short-term demand in the clustering industry have been multi-layered, firstly, the impact of the epidemic on transport in Shanghai and deep inland, causing short-term disruptions in inland logistics in the catchment areas, and curbing the demand for the transport of goods by the Ministry of Cluster Transport; and secondly, there is still room for improvement in the country ' s level of self-control.
Part of the spare parts depend on imports, and the poor quality of inland logistics has affected manufacturing production in the interiors of East and South China; and third, because of the country ' s previous excellent control of the epidemic, we have been absorbing manufacturing demand in some other parts of the country for 20 years, and the current supply chain is disturbed by the epidemic.
We believe that global demand is currently on a slow downward trend, and that if the epidemic can be contained more quickly, the accumulated cargo demand is expected to reshuffle the supply chain in European and American ports, and the concentration climate is expected to rise again, and the reverse is true.
The ball supply chain can be repaired over a longer period of time, dragging the industry. The first coverage is rated as “enhanced”: the company’s current balance sheet is strong and up to 22q1 has proved its profitability to be a comparative advantage among collectors, as the industry continues to move.
In the middle of the boom, the company’s balance sheet is expected to continue to improve. We expect the company to do well, and we believe that there is a low probability that the industry will return to the status quo ante or even a loss in the near future, giving the costs of safety accidents, fuel charters, etc., excessive alliances, trade frictions, etc.
China Far East Control: The first global fleet of shipowners, formerly China Ocean, was established in March 2005 as a listed platform for the shipping and dock operations of the China Far Sea Shipping Group, which focuses on the development of an integrated container shipping service supply chain.
In 2007, when containerized transport was the core of the collector service, the acquisition of the parent company ' s dry bulk became an integrated shipping platform for the two mains, but, as a result of the subprime crisis, the downturn in the maritime industry led to long-term losses for the company, and in late 2015 the company and the China Sea Group undertook other operations, such as restructuring and dissipation.
Currently, the company is the fourth largest shipowner in the world, with a steady capacity at the top of the world. It now has nearly 700 container shipping sales and service points covering the world, operating 294 international routes (including international shipping).
By April, the company had control of 477 container ships, a total of 293.13, the typical international container shipowners. By force structure, 47% of the company ' s vessels were 10,000 teu.
The above-mentioned large ships, of which more than 18,000 teu and 10,000-15000 teu, accounted for 28 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively, and the company's share of more than 10,000 teu was higher than the global average of the top 20 shipowners, and concentrated on 18,000 teu and between 10,000-15000 teu, as evidenced by the company's typical East-West Main Line Transport Service, which is a major shipping service provider.
As a synergy in shipping operations, the port network under the corporate flag was widely deployed. By the end of 21 years, the mid- and long-range maritime port had invested 46 docks in 37 ports around the world, operating a total of 367 berths, including 220 containers, with a total target year capacity of 141 million standard boxes, and a network of wharfs covering five Chinese coasts.
Large port communities, Europe, South America, the Middle East, South-East Asia and the Mediterranean, among others.
The container shipping industry is a cyclical industry. Because of a more specialized division of labour in maritime transport, which is primarily responsible for the transport of industrial products, processed food, etc., it is highly correlated with the global manufacturing industry, which consumes a high degree of temperature, while the global manufacturing landscape is highly relevant to manufacturing capacity, banks, etc.
And more importantly, as heavy industrial goods, ships are more complex and more complex in their manufacturing processes, and based on the difference between the order and the time of delivery, a cluster ship has a manufacturing cycle of about two years, when demand rises and supply fails to keep up with it in a timely fashion, and the mismatch window between supply and demand shapes the industry.
In the long run, the conglomerate industry is highly correlated with the world’s manufacturing capacity, and the Juguera cycle sets out the broad direction of the conglomerate. While the transport variety of the conglomerates is eventually presented in the form of consumer goods (including both industrial consumption and ordinary consumer goods), there is still a high demand for intermediate goods during the period.
While observing consumption data alone may be somewhat delayed and biased, we tend to use the broader manufacturing sector as the basis for our analysis of the demand for clustering, the bottom logic being that the economic boom will drive consumption, boost capital spending by industrial enterprises while boosting demand for the import route; and the industrial boom will.
Since the twenty-first century, the global economy has largely passed through two full rounds of the Jugra cycle, 2001-2008, 2009-2016. Transfers to the price end, from demand up to supply release, creating a year of mismatch between supply and demand over the long cycle of the industry.
During the period, the ccfi index was published from 901 to 2011, respectively, and therefore price performance in the first mismatch period was incomplete.
And because of the long periods of energy growth and loss, and the seasonal, intermittent and other fluctuations in demand, there is a contradiction between the continuity and stability of the stock and the volatility of the demand, which eventually leads to a high-low-volatile cycle of production stocks, a complete cycle being called a stock cycle. According to British economist Ketchen,
This is often over 40 months. Similar to the argument that the Jugra cycle affects the industry, when enterprises have lower stocks of raw materials, future production will be affected, and if they need to maintain their previous levels of productivity or expansion, they will need to be replenished, thus boosting the demand for world trade and transport.
Between 2000 and 2020, the global economy experienced six full rounds of stock cycles, in January 2002. We believe that the decline in stocks of durable goods suggests that the supply of commodities is inadequate and that this will result in the need for industrial enterprises to replenish stocks, which, in historical experience, last for as short as 10 months.
At the far end, during the six full stock cycles that began in 2000, the decline in stocks led to an increase in freight prices, while the turn-over point for prices was close to the turn-off point for new durables orders, excluding the 17-20 cycle, where the average drop in the price of ccfi was higher, owing to the fact that the stock cycle coincided with the supply and demand cycle conversion window of the Jugra cycle.
In keeping with the consensus that small cycles were subject to large cycles, and on the other hand, just at the time of the global financial crisis, the global over-expected economic downturn had led to a temporary suppression of demand and a short-term collapse in shipping prices.
Industry landscape: Three major alliances dominated, cr10 has reached 85%. Alliances are a consistent mode of operation for the clustering industry, the logic behind which is that liner forms are more dependent on scale, but the overall pattern is relatively fragmented by 2010.
It is difficult for a single shipowner to operate at a sufficiently high frequency to cover different nodes on all routes, such as the European Line from the east and the European Line from the south of the country, which often takes the form of alliances and shared ships (classes) in order to enhance his own ability to service his clients and save the cost of feeder transport.
After the subprime crisis, the global economy stopped.
Before, consumer demand and the expansion of manufacturing were in a relatively low state, and the clustering enterprise faced a severe test in pursuing the decline in unit costs and the differentiation of services.
In 2013, the three largest industrial markets, Maski, the Mediterranean, and Daffy, began to seek a higher concentration, proposing the formation of a p3 coalition (mostly not successfully formed due to China’s rejection of the monopoly). Since 2016, the industry has officially launched the merger process.
At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the number of top 10 ship-owners, as a result of major M&As, such as the China-China merger, the Daffy acquisition of apl, the Maski acquisition of hmm, the sea-controlled acquisition of the eastern overseas, and the formation of one (k-line, mol, nyk consolidation). At the same time, the industry alliance has changed considerably, except for the 2m (Maski Line) that has existed for a long time.
The world's three largest alliances of top nine shipowners control more than 80% of the world's capacity.
Figure 10: Top ten shipowners now dominate the cluster market
Since 20h2, the industry has continued to rise, influenced by the outbreak of overseas demand and supply-chain disruptions. Against the backdrop of the impact of the new world crown epidemic in 2020h1, the global monetary environment has been relaxed for reasons of economic concern, driving consumption demand in Europe and the United States, with the killing of goods, the segregation of people, and the suspension of work.
As a result of the decline in the efficiency of inland logistics in Europe and the United States, US ports have taken the lead in crowding up, and the decline in liquidity efficiency has led to a loss of effective capacity, with demand and supply simultaneously driving up American line prices. As one of the major global shipping routes, high prices have attracted a large number of remaining routes to the US line, which has led to a rise in global traffic.
But since September 21, while industry prices have continued to rise, the share prices held by the Middle and Far Seas have been weak, and we believe that they reflect the market’s concern that global demand for consumption will tighten as money begins to tighten, and that the growth of new orders will increase supply pressure. Add to this the 22H1 domestic epidemic, the Russian-Turkish conflict, the US Federation, etc.
One of the main concerns of the market about the demand side of aggregate transport is that the United States interest increases affect consumer demand, and that services consumption will be associated with a more pronounced recovery.
The Fed is now starting to raise interest rates, and may be holding the eagles for a year, with some disincentive to global demand for consumption. But we believe that the impact of this change on transport demand will not be felt in the short term, because consumption is often a habit, even at the macro level.
Changes in the environment and consumer perceptions tend to lag behind, leading to consumption resilience. Historically, the impact of large increases in interest rates by the Fed on durables consumption has been more limited, and the increase in cpi has been accompanied by increases in the pay of American husbands, which are closer to the increase in cpi and have had more impact on disposable income.
Figure 12: Synchronized pay increases, with little change in disposable income for residents
On the one hand, large retailers in the United States tend to be long-term owners of ships, and this type of retailers may not be too willing to suspend imports or break contracts on a large scale for business credibility reasons; on the other hand, the impact of the new crown epidemic on the supply chain is very clear, even if the current domestic epidemic is increasing global supply repeatedly.
Time windows for chain restoration, but global manufacturing, zero sales firms or their own stock levels will be raised simultaneously owing to fear of a return to instability in the supply chain, and the centre of supply chain management will move from its economic nature to a more security-oriented one, which is still at a lower position, despite a recent recovery in stock sales.
On the supply side, although the clustering industry has been on the rise since 20h2, the shipowner’s shift in corporate governance and the double repression of the epidemic’s indeterminate sustainability have limited capacity, with supply side pressures being smaller in 2022 than in 21. The largest change in the clustering industry in recent years has been on the supply side, with industry entering since 2010.
Since the large-scale arms race, the industry as a whole has been pursuing an increase in the city's share, and in 2018, when the Dragon-head Horses took the lead in shifting the focus of their operations to profit quality, we saw that some of the companies in the industry began to slow down significantly, and that the Maskie, Middle and Far Sea Control, and one had lost their capacity since 2018.
In addition, although the industry has entered a high-profile cycle since the beginning of the 20h2, the main cause of the current round is the disruption of the supply chain caused by the epidemic, the continuation of which is difficult to judge, and the shipowner as a whole is more cautious, and the new orders for the industry have not increased significantly in the first place, according to alphaliner.
The share of delivery capacity is only 74.5%, while the remaining capacity is largely complementary to that of the regional market, with a relatively limited supply impact on the main-line transport market. In the light of the above, we believe that the market’s supply and demand concerns for the clustering industry are either excessive or excessive.
From a cyclical point of view, the conclusions are closer to those of the fundamental analysis. The current stock cycle is already more visible than in the past, but the Jugra cycle or the industry is still operating at a high level.
The lack of timely transformation to meet market consumption needs, and the continuing deterioration of logistics barriers and supply chains forced markets to increase demand for stocks (storage), take-off, supply-readiness, and rising freight costs, while at the same time contributing to an increase in the entropy of global supply chains, but with the gradual improvement of inland logistics in Europe and the United States and new domestic ones
Years and years later, the epidemic has affected production, giving Europe and the United States longer windows for logistics infrastructure to repair, and global supply chains are expected to shift to entropy reduction. Taken together, since stock levels take some time to return to normal, we believe that the stock cycle is probably nearing its end.
The decline in stability, which may lead to a return in global manufacturing concentration, the continued expansion of global manufacturing investment, the extension of the Juguela cycle, and our expectation of a more limited decline in the recent convergence of the industry as a whole will remain the key element of the industry’s outlook or the smoothness of our exports.
For 22 years, domestic epidemics have been repeated, affecting areas such as Shanghai, wide and northeast, where Shanghai and wide are the main ports in the country, creating a greater demand for short-term transport.
The impact at the level, first of all, the impact of the epidemic on transport in Shanghai and deep inland, and the short-term disruption of internal flows in the catchment areas, as well as the curtailment of the need to transport part of the transport of goods; and secondly, the country's current level of autonomy and control are still to be raised, parts of the spare parts are dependent on imports, and the lack of inland logistics has affected the system in the interiors of China, East and South China.
Third, because of our earlier excellent control of the epidemic, we have absorbed some of the manufacturing needs of other regions for 20 years, while our current supply chain is disturbed by the epidemic, which could result in a potential return of orders. We believe that global demand is currently on a slow downward trend, if the epidemic can be compared.
The build-up of freight demand is likely to hit the supply chain in European and American ports again, and the atmosphere is expected to pick up again, which in turn could lead to the repair of supply and demand in the industry. Given that the current alliance pattern has improved significantly over the past, shipowners have some capacity to stabilize prices.20
The alliance’s pattern has improved considerably since then, and in the case of the new year in China, the coalition has joined forces to implement a stoppage program that keeps prices at a high level and avoids industry losses. The situation is similar in early 2020, when the prices remain high or match the shipowners and large customers at the same time.
For shipowners, high shipping prices mean higher returns, while for large customers, because they have a better advantage in the negotiations with smaller clients, they lose their competitive advantage if the spot prices are significantly lower than the price they offer. According to the Chinese Aerial Weekly, the Alliance will cancel 78 in the next five weeks from late April to May.
One voyage, we think, is a partial verification of the improved alliance pattern. Operations split: spears, ports shielded. Operations controlled by the Middle and Far Seas are divided into two main categories: container shipping and related operations and container terminals, where the loadings are concentrated.
Box shipping has contributed 95% of the company’s revenue. The company’s main business is international container shipping, and in order to safeguard its own advantages in the area of clustering, dock assets have been deployed as a synergizer. Since 2017, the company’s container shipping business has generated more than 95% of its revenue, reaching 98.3% in 2021, mainly from high concentrations in the shipping industry.
The increase in the income generated by gas does not significantly change the business income of the docks during the same period. The same change in the share of business also reflects the fact that the docks tend to have a more stable base: company end-to-end and information-based capacity or long-term competitive advantage of the company.
The company operates as a company-owned business, with robust business growth and prices as a key factor in profitability. Since 2017, when the sea-controlled regime operated as a completely new entity, there has been a steady increase in the volume of company cargo, even in the context of a 20-year new boom and a 21-year decline in global supply chain efficiency.
On the other hand, given the relatively high fixed cost of operating the ship, the efficiency of the conversion of operating income to net profit will be greatly enhanced when the profit/loss balance points are reached, and therefore the cost of shipping is even more critical to the profitability of the combined operations, and when the cost of shipping is higher, the amount of boxes needed to reach the profit/loss balance will be reduced and turned into a profitable box.
And because of the relative homogenization of services, shipowners in the industry are more likely to follow the prices. The pain in the past in the shipping industry is that most customers are less aware of the process in the transport of goods, mostly at the price and on time.
In seeking to build their competitive advantages, the main thrust of ocean control is end-to-end and digitization: companies are actively moving to end, and vertical extension is the inevitable direction for industry.
To cover part of the entire transport process, it is clear that it is more convenient for customers to complete all transport needs through a service provider, and that the capacity of end-to-end and even door-to-door services is expected to become the core competitiveness of shipping companies, which, in this regard, build on the advantages of a network of routes and multimodal transport services to enhance port and sea-to-air connectivity.
Services such as the Central European Land and Sea Fast Line and the Port of Prince Special Fast Track have been introduced, with a 23 per cent increase over 21 years in the volume of the Central European Land and Sea Fast Line Boxes, and 29 new sea and iron routes have been added, and the non-iron and Grand Bay-West Land and Sea Corridors have been successfully operational and have become industry-to-end service poles.
The company's digital layout is leading the way by increasing customer stickyness. First, the core product of the global shipping commercial network gsbn, co-sponsored by the company's middle and long-distance shipping fleet, the Eastern Overseas Container, the Middle and Far Sea Port and five other internationally renowned liner companies and port operators, is already in the country.
11 ports in and out of China and in several countries and territories, including Hong Kong, China, Singapore and Thailand, where “paperless drop-outs” are now in place, data exchange methods have been significantly simplified, customer service experience ensured and steadily mentioned. In addition, the coverage of the Synconhu platform of foreign trade collectors (synconhub) has been extended to Europe, North America, and Europe.
Regions such as South-East Asia, Australia and others have completed a full-scale visualization upgrade, introducing a full-scale visualized abortion. In 2021, foreign-trade electronics platforms registered an equal increase of 187 per cent. Figure 25: Digitalization and block chains can significantly improve logistics efficiency and eliminate black boxes of information
Harbours: Synergy in clustering is an important end-to-end source of energy, the operational level of the docks, the company's handling and storage of containers and bulk terminals through mid- and long-range maritime ports. The docks of the mid- and long-range maritime ports are co-located across the five major ports along China's coast, Europe, South America, the Middle East, and China.
As of 31 December 2021, China and the Mediterranean maritime ports had invested 46 terminals in 37 ports across the world, operating 367 berths, including 220 container berths, with a total annual processing capacity of 141 million standard boxes.
Financial performance has been strong, with ebits outnumbered Marski in 21 years, revenue from container shipping operations and freight volumes at an all-time high, yielding pre-tax benefits.
Roughly $131.5 billion, of which pre-tax profits for container shipping amounted to $12.7 billion. According to operational data, over 21 years, 26,91 million teu had been completed in the Middle and Far Seas, an increase of only 2.15 per cent over 20 years, of which the volume of foreign trade boxes increased by 3.95 per cent, but the revenue from the route reached $311,948 million, a rise of 99.18 per cent over the same period, which is a visible performance.
The increase was mainly due to a sharp increase in the prices of the industry, with China ' s combined container traffic index for export in 2021 at 261.54 points, an increase of 165.69 per cent over the same period. The annual annual association of directors will improve significantly over 21 years.
This is higher than the company’s year-round net profits and ebit, showing that the industry is in a state of high swings, that customers pay in advance to lock their accommodations, that there are stronger claims, that funds are returning faster, and that shipowners are in a strong position. Given the significant annual growth of the industry as a whole in 2021, protecting companies from profit.
During the year, the company continuously optimized its financial structure and created the conditions for the realization of annual cash dividends, increasing its share of profits from -22.47 billion at the end of 2020 to -27.780 billion at the end of the 21st year and considering the company’s sustainable development and shareholders in a comprehensive manner.
In return, the combined mission found a gold dividend of 13,932 million yuan, more than 50% of the company’s distributed profits. Given that this year’s distributed profits of the company’s parent company did not have to cover the losses of the previous period, and that the company’s profits would remain at a high level in 2022, it is expected that the amount of the distributed profits in 2022 will be significantly higher than in 21 years.
The company’s ability to redecorate is expected to improve further. 21 years of pre-tax profits outpaced the larger capacity of Musky and Duffy, benefiting from the company’s two-brand strategy of $127.7 billion, of which the container shipping business ebit reached $127.7 billion ($19.790 billion) over the same period.
Maskiebit's $19.67 billion, Duffy ebit's $19.61 billion, and the company's higher profits from smaller capacity, we think, are the result of the efficiency of the two brands and the company's more accurate management of the city's heat.
While income, rapid profit growth, has led to significant improvements in asset quality, it is worth noting that corporate business costs are also increasing rapidly. According to corporate disclosure, the cost of corporate transport operations can be divided mainly into the cost of preparing and transporting goods, the cost of voyages and the cost of ships.
In this context, corporate operating costs rose by 31.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the fastest increase in equipment and freight transport costs associated with high volumes of goods in the past increasing at a rate of 37.7 per cent, with the result that a decline in supply chain liquidity efficiency also had a significant impact on the company’s performance (e.g., transfer costs, port rates, etc.).
This and the cost of the ship, which may be reflected gradually in 2022 and later years due to such factors as the renewal of the fuel centralized purchase contract and the expiry of the ship charter. According to alphaliner, the rent in the charter market as a whole is now over 200% higher than the same year, and there may be subsequent pressures; and the price of fuel in the cost of the voyage may be higher.
The volume of freight will increase, but given that supply chain efficiency is still in the process of repair and that the inventory in Europe and the United States will take 22 years to move prices, given the special circumstances of the current industry at the high end of the cycle, the current industry prices are pessimistic under three scenarios:
1. An optimistic scenario: Europe and the United States of America have all completed implementation and global port supply chain pressures have risen, and industry prices have increased significantly, leading to a further 20 per cent or 2.
The prices are below, leading to the destruction of a small number of ACLC clients or the company’s initiative to adjust the ACLC’s prices to promote a partnership. Given that 22 years of ACLC contracts are better, the company’s single-box revenue is 21 years cold throughout the year.
It is not possible to achieve growth over 21 years, or even a downturn. Price trends: current consolidation is still high, and 23-24 industries will probably have lower prices than 22 years, but given the current increase in the share of the association,
The Bureau is more stable and the downward trend in prices is not likely to be too pronounced, with prices expected to fall faster after 23 years of power delivery and faster after 24 years of supply, but given the current supply and demand situation, we believe that the prices will be closer to our neutral assumptions during the year.
Because of the high-cycle industry and the high price elasticity of the shipping industry, the deviations from the valuation method may be more pronounced if the middle- and long-distance control were to be overestimated. In contrast to the industry, there may also be bias, as domestic competitors are the only ones in the country that are predominantly involved in international container transport.
(b) For international competitors, Maski’s operations cover both maritime transport and inland logistics, and the valuation system in the Central and Outer Stock Markets may vary considerably and therefore comparability is weak.
Since we currently believe that the market underestimates its assets at the level of their asset quality, and that the pb valuation may be more appropriate in the strong-cycle industry because of the high volatility of the profits, we are anchored in the pb valuation of the company's historical lowest valuation since the merger, based on a more significant improvement in the quality of the company's assets than at the time, but the industry landscape
With a combined downside atmosphere, giving the valuation anchor a 10% range, it makes sense to the company that the current clustering industry is faced with the uncertainty of a recurring domestic epidemic, but after two years of net profit on supply and demand for the industry is 10.661 billion, 66.93 billion and 49.82 billion, respectively, with higher profits in the coming years.
Table, the quality of the company’s assets is expected to improve further after 21 years of repair. Even though the industry may be in a difficult position to move forward further, as of 2201, the net cash available to the company has reached $15.26 billion and the value of the cash is higher. We believe that the company is currently undervalued from an asset perspective or has been undervalued, and that the market value is currently equivalent to that of the company.
a The shares of enterprises that do not currently participate in the same market as those of China and the Far Sea control, which allow for horizontal comparisons of valuations, may not represent the anchors of valuations at the industry high-profile stage in the 17-to-present value and valuation systems that, in the course of vertical comparisons, were merged from the Middle and Central China in 2015-2016.
The risk of an inaccurate income forecast is that the company's oceanic transport industry is a strong-cycle industry, with more volatile transport prices, while the company's revenue is more volatile.
Parity is highly correlated with transport prices, and forecasts of prices in our profit projections are more subjective, may deviate significantly from actual circumstances, and eventually lead to a significant difference between income projections and actual conditions.
The cost of fuel at the end of a company’s cost and the approximate cost of a charter ship have increased with 2021, and while we have already considered it in the context of profit forecasting, it does not rule out the possibility that a significant increase in oil prices will result in a higher than anticipated cost of fuel, and that a further reversal of the charter rate will lead to a higher than anticipated cost of a company.
The global demand for maritime transport is likely to fall more sharply than it was before, if the pace of the macroeconomic downturn, similar to the post-US subprime mortgage crisis, was to be linked to the high macroeconomic climate.
In a situation where the volume of goods in the industry falls in step with the prices, the company’s performance is likely to fall short of our expectations. The domestic and global impact of the epidemic is more than expected, and the duration of the domestic epidemic determines the performance of our manufacturing industry.
At the global level, overseas controls over new coronary outbreaks are already looser, which may affect subsequent contractions.
Although the insurance system in the maritime industry is well developed and war surcharges can be levied to prevent potential costs from rising, there is a need to increase the cost of shipping.
But the war could affect global economic and maritime demand, leading to the company’s underperformance. Trade protectionism and trade friction risks The mid-2018 trade friction between the United States has had an impact on global trade demand, such as the subsequent re-emergence of other countries
The risk of poor asset returns due to poor financial investment is that companies now have higher cash in hand, and large amounts of cash will be invested, in addition to interest-bearing debt.
Of this expenditure, a company may be exposed to the risk of potential impairment of its assets if it fails to make timely capital expenditures to raise the rate of return, or if the investment area is exposed to the risk of operating.
While the Alliance has been operating consistently in the clustering industry, the Alliance may collapse due to factors such as antimonopoly, government censorship, and, in addition, disputes over interests among shipowners within the Alliance may lead to the risk of the Alliance falling apart, leading to a deterioration of the industry landscape.
Schedule: Financial forecasting and valuation The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, that the results of the investigation are consistent with the results of the investigation.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author