Two-round strategy to increase growth, technology to shape the new leader, and the first report on the coverage of the World Trade Organization (WTO) securities (601688.sh).
(a) Investment rating: buying (for the first time) The firm’s Internet advantage is evident, with strong growth in wealth management under technology and overseas affiliates;
We have a strong wealth management base, a clear pre-emptive advantage, a better customer base, an earlier low commission competition strategy in the industry, and stock exchange since 2014
The city is at the forefront of the industry. The company's advantage in building “people and platform and products”, its infrastructure is constantly improving, its wealth has been upgraded several times, its number is first in the class of securities companies, the number of people living on the moon is ahead of the stock market, the financial product is diversified, and the overseas subsidiary, the assetmark, is expected to provide platform construction and assets.
Experiences such as configurations, and the management of corporate wealth continue to evolve. The company’s wealth management has a pre-eminent advantage over that of its peers, and is expected to drive roe up and down. • Institutional operations: Investing in a whole industry chain, and profits are expected to be released.
The company promotes a full business chain strategy, perfects a customer-centred integrated system of operations, M & As Reorganization Financial advisers feature, in the context of a registration system where the company’s portfolio is expanding rapidly, reserves are in the forefront of the industry, and profits are expected to be released. The company’s derivatives business is in the forefront of the industry, and the derivatives trade in the field is in the hands of the industry.
Lead; as an off-site derivative-level dealer, firm swaps and options will last at the end of October, ranking in the top three of the industry. In the future, as derivatives expand, the leverage rate will continue to rise, and roe is expected to grow.
Development has had an impact on traditional coupons, with firms increasing their market share less than expected.1 The first “a+h+g” company to be listed is 1.1, shareholders are multi-structured and have a wide range of operations
The controlling person is the Jiangsu State Investment Commission, which has decided to increase the number of strategic investors. The company has more than 5% of shareholders in the Jiangsu State Information Company and the Jiangsu State Transport Holdings Ltd., with 14.86% /5.37% of the shares, respectively, and has a more decentralized ownership structure, and the actual controlling person is the Jiangsu State Investment Commission. In 2018, the company was ordered to add strategic investors such as Alibaba, Suning and others.
By the end of 2020q3, Alibaba held 2.95% of the shares. At the same time, the company changed the composition of its board of directors, with each of them receiving a board seat.
The participation of the South Fund, the Whitebury and Jiangsu banks covers four major sectors: wealth management, institutional services, investment management services, and international operations. The acquisition of the United Statesassetmark in 2016, the qualification of the United States as a broker in 2019, and the expansion of international operations.
The Division ' s ability to provide a full range of financial services to individual and institutional clients.
The share has been increasing, with the share of master's degree students rising by almost 16 percentage points, and the proportion of highly educated people continuing to rise, which has contributed to increasing competitiveness within the company. At the same time, the average per capita remuneration of the company in 2019 was 750,000 yuan, after the six leading coupons (780,000 yuan), which is more favourable to the company.
In March 2019, the company announced the introduction of a pilot career manager system, with market-based selection, contractual management, differentiated pay, and market-based exit. An executive committee was set up without the post of president or vice-president.
In October 2019, the company’s former president and president, Zhou, became a career manager. Under the career manager system, the company established a competency- and performance-oriented talent selection mechanism to stimulate business dynamism and improve efficiency.
As of 30 November, the company had accumulated tens of thousands of shares for equity incentives, awarded a price of $9.1 per share, with higher equity incentives compared to its previous remuneration. The core of the securities firm’s competition lies in the competition of talent, which, under the equity incentive mechanism, is more conducive to attracting the company’s talent.
Uplifting the business from within and increasing the competitive edge of the company.1 In 2022, the cash share of the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 1 point higher or equal to 30 per cent in the year; in the remaining cases, the operating income of 2022 was not allowed to be ranked 1st to 4th place in the year; in the 5th to 6th place, 0.8 points; and in the remaining cases, it was not possible to divide.
The rest cannot be divided.4 With the financial science, technology and innovation input in 2019 as a benchmark, the financial science, technology and innovation input in 2022 grew by 8 per cent or more, with a score of 1 point over the benchmark; the rest is not for the third unlocking period:
The cash fraction in 2023 was one point higher than or equal to 30 per cent of the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in the year in question; the rest was not possible; business income in 2023 was ranked 1st to 3rd in the year in question; ranking 4th to 6, 0.8th in the year in question; and the rest was not possible. 3 and 2023 were ranked 1st to 3rd and 1st in the year in the year in respect of the turnover of operating income after deducting non-recurring gains and losses; ranking 4th to 6th and 0.8th in the year in the year in question;
The rest cannot be divided.4 Financial STI inputs increased by 11 per cent or more from the benchmark in 2019 and by 1 point from the benchmark in 2023: the rest was 1.3, there was a strong physical advantage, and there was significant profitability.
1.3.1, Corporate strategy: two-wheel drive for wealth management plus corporate operations, two-wheel drive for wealth management plus corporate operations, with wealth management being the first largest business. In 2009, the company took the lead in launching the Internet strategy, and in 2017, the company proposed a two-wheel drive for wealth management plus institutional operations.
Companies comprise four major segments of wealth management, institutional services, investment management, and international operations, with wealth management as the first. Wealth management in 2020h1 accounted for 34% and institutional services increased from 8% in 2018 to 21% in 2020h1.
Net capital all rose, ranking third in terms of total volume in 2019. In terms of the ranking of sub-business income, the top three sectors ranked in 2019 in corporate capital management and investment, with a clear comparative advantage. The company ' s revenue ranking for brokering activities is lower than that for companies as a result of the low commission rate; moreover, the company ' s overseas operations have progressed significantly, from the eighth level of industry in 2017.
Performance grew faster and profitability significantly outperformed industry averages. In 2018, as a result of the macro and market downturns, corporate revenue and net profits declined, market warming began in 2019, net profits on both company collections and homecoming increased faster, with net returns on company returns increasing by +79 per cent/+37 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019 and 2020 respectively.
Strong, Roe has always been above industry averages, at the same level as the industry’s top5 coupons. From splitting, companies have a relatively high leverage ratio and a relatively high net difference as a result of the higher returns on joint ventures and joint ventures.
Roe continues to move up. In the future, with the expansion of corporate financial assets, the leverage rate is expected to continue. Percentage points. Overall, the share of corporate transaction fees is below the industry average. 1.4. Continued high investment in information technology
According to the Chinese Association, in 2019, SAC invested $1.6 billion, representing 9.63 per cent of operating income, and ranked first among the six leading fareers, well above the second 7.5 per cent.
At the same time, there was a rapid increase in the number of company IT personnel, which increased from 247 to 1073 between 2014 and 2019, from 3.9 to 10.5 per cent.
2. Wealth management: overall robust growth in performance Robust growth in revenue from wealth management operations, early in the start of the strategic transformation. Companies took the lead in launching an interconnectivity strategy in 2009, and in 2013 proposed a low commission strategy for “out-of-home, open-house” in 2016.
Assetmark, building a client-centred investment system, introduced a wealth management paradigm in 2017, corporate strategic planning ahead of colleagues, started a strategic transformation earlier, laying a solid foundation for wealth management operations, and 2020h1 corporate wealth management revenues of $5.3 billion and sustained growth.
Figure 11: Business income from corporate wealth management maintained robust growth Figure 12: Companies proposed wealth management strategies in 2017 2.1, building professional advantages of “people+platform+products”
On-line: Infrastructure is improving, and Treasure has been upgraded several times. The company has been scalding it since 2007, and the company has been rolling out its app "Grown Wealth" since then. By 2019, it has been upgraded to version 7.0 with a variety of special services. At the same time, the company's on-line orientation app for corporate clients, and the Global Asset Investment Management Platform has been on-line.
As of 2020h1, the company had 243 branches and 28 branches, located all over the country, mainly in Jiangsu province, and 95 in Jiangsu province, representing 39%.
In the structure of the Department of Operations, the company has developed an overall distribution of radiation to all parts of the country, with the Long Triangle and the Pearl Triangle significantly higher than in other regions. In the wealth management business, investment advisers provide clients with a professional asset allocation.
It is recommended that enabling companies accelerate the transition from license-based to wealth management and play an important role in wealth management. According to the CSA, 32% of clients are in the top ranks of comparable companies.
Products, selected external high-quality products, and diversified financial products for customers. Within the system, companies have the capital to manage subsidiaries, the South Foundation of the Share-in-Stakeholder Foundation and the South Foundation, based on the advantage of the bond chain, companies have created their own niche product lines, with a total of 5691 corporate financial holdings as of 2020h1.
As the level of commissioning in the securities industry continues to decline, the growth rate of earnings from traditional broker trading has slowed and the share of income has declined. As a major player in the transition from traditional brokering to wealth management, corporate income from marketing of financial products has grown rapidly, with 2020h1 and +139 per cent.
As the Internet continues to penetrate, brokering moves from the line to the line, with 92% of the trading clients of 2020h1 trading traded through the stock market.
At the end of October, the number of monthly wealth users was 8.48 million, well above the second number. The number of downloads of Treasure Chase was steady growth, with 10 per cent of downloads in 2019 and 2020h1 and a high commission rate and a stable market position in the industry. Companies attracted more customers at a low price and with a competitive advantage on the Internet.
Figure 18: Corporate commission rates are below industry averages Figure 19: Growing number of corporate clients 2.3, fast growth in sales operations, fund openings
As China’s private wealth report 2019, issued jointly with Bann’s company, China’s personal assets were up to 1.9 trillion yuan in 2018, and as China’s private investment assets grew, the size of the new development fund grew rapidly, and the wealth of the population continued to flow to finance.
The company relies on a large customer base, building on the advantages of the web site layout and Internet platforms, strengthening product excavations, enhancing innovation capacity at the end of the product, replacing 5691 financial products at 2020h1, and increasing revenues from financial product substitution at 2020h1 to 185 million, compared with 139 per cent.
Figure 20: Stable growth in the size of individual investable assets in China Figure 21: The size of the IDF is increasing The Fund’s portfolio is opening and the buyer model is on its way. As one of the seven funds’ investment pilot companies, the company is in the process of becoming a major player.
In October, the Upline Fund invested its services in the "Growing Star" project, which builds on the lead digital platform and the Fund's research framework of the US subsidiary, Asetmark, a combination of more than 10 different levels of risk, corresponding to three types of investment needs: idle money, running win-win, and profit-seeking. The amount invested is $1,000 as the Fund continues to invest in its business.
The company moved from the seller’s sales model to the buyer’s investment mode. 2.4,assetmark: perfecting the wealth management layout tamp provides a full range of technical support to the client.
The third-party financial services agency in the top three sectors of the United States turnkey asset management platform (tamp). As a turnkey production management platform, Tamp provides a range of back-office services to independent investment advisers and their clients, including client and customer management, strategy research, portfolio execution and monitoring, reporting and business support, with the help of Tamp.
Investing more in high-value-added operations such as customer relationship management, investment strategy development and freeing myself up. Figure 24: Tamp can be broken down into five major operations. Figure 25: Tamp has three main advantages: time, money, risk transfer.
Strategic research, portfolio execution, access and client management
Some controls and refinements, portfolio resolution cases.
Etf, full powers, etc.)