- 002709 :2018 :  :  :  :   :
Events: Disclosure of performance in 2018: operating income of $20.8 billion in 2018, Zhang Ming Yu, non-net profit of $10 billion, yoy-97%. The company expects a net profit of 2019q1 from the mother.
▪ The price of the electrolytic fluids in 2018 was delayed and the price of the fluids in 2019 was reduced to marginal warming. In 2018, the company generated $1.28 billion, yoy-5 per cent, and the sales of the lithium cell electrolytes are expected to grow more than Ro 4-D.
20%, but due to a sharp drop in the average price of the electrolyte fluids, the company’s gross profit rate is high, lithium prices rebound, expected to cause marginal warming of the price of the electrolyte, and we expect the company’s electrolyte operations to continue to make a good profit as the company’s electrolyte production and release can lead to higher sales.
Xu Kunlen  electrolytic fluids continue to expand and the industry is well established. The company currently has more than 50,000 tons of electrolytic fluids, and is expected to deliver about 25% of the domestic market in 2018.
The company is building 100,000 tons of capacity, bringing the total electrolytic liquid capacity of the postpartum company to 150,000 tons. The company is constantly improving the supply layout covering the 500 km radius along the coast, and the country’s regional supply-flexible delivery capacity is being strengthened, and supply-chain integration and integrated operating advantages are being sustained.
The company built its own vertically integrated industrial chain, which is expected to achieve basic self-sufficiency by 2019. On the positive material side, the company is building 30,000 tons of batteries, 30,000 tons of lithium flints, 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate production and 30,000 tons of capacity.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect that the company’s net profits will fall significantly in the years 2019-2021 by 254 million lithium and electrolyte prices, respectively.
Xinjiang material (002009): Profitability is expected to rise again.
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics + Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa Witness, Ohio State University, United States of America, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Reviewers of first-class academic journals, 5 national and foreign patents, more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, with a cumulative number of citations of close to 1,000. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, joined East Xu Kunlen in May 2018.
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial prosperity in the East (002009): Profitability is expected to recover. My company has no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of these information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.