Tian-chie material, debtable plus industry chain layout, tons of sulphuric acid project, 200,000 tons of high-cobalt hydroxide nickel project per year (part a), supplemental flow
The company ' s electrolytic fluid volume has increased steadily, and the industrial chain layout has been further improved; the increase in ratings has been maintained. The total amount of funds to be raised does not exceed 1,140 million yuan for investment in the construction of 400,000 tons of sulphuric acid per year (total investment: 234 million yuan, proposed to be invested in the collection of 194 million yuan and 200,000 tons of cobalt per year.
The industrial chain layout has been further refined: the company has completed the mining-lithium carbonate-dithium hexafluorate-dithium electrolyte, the vertical industrial chain layout of the mineral-dithium carbonate-iron phosphate-trithiophosphate and the horizontal strategic layout of the electrolytic liquid-gent material. The implementation of the project is expected to further improve the industrial chain layout of the company.
On the one hand, sulphuric acid is an important raw material for lithium hexafluorophosphate, nickel hydroxide high cobalt and lithium phosphate. It is a basic raw material for the company ' s recycling system. The project for the manufacture of 400,000 tons of sulphuric acid annually is designed to guarantee its own supply, further reduce its costs and build a circular industrial economy.
The company ' s positive material business is to develop two-wing phosphate lithium-triple materials, and to raise the high cobalt for construction. The nickel hydroxide project is a tri-material pre-drill, which, when completed, will be connected up to and down with the proposed 25,000 tons/year tri-materials, using synergies with the lithium cell material plate to continuously upgrade the public.
At the end of the price battle, the electrolytic fluid profit recovery: the price of the electrolyte was highly competitive in 2018, the industry accelerated the shuffling, the industry shuffled in the first half of 2019, and the price of the electrolyte recovered steadily. Lithium hexafluoride, the price of which rebounded sharply, was expected to rise mildly, supporting the price of the electrolyte.
Lithium hexafluorate production capacity of the Division has benefited significantly from higher industry prices, and electrolytic fluid profitability, which is based on the market price of 31 May 2019, has not been expected for new energy vehicles; price competition has been over-anticipated; and the release of new capacity has not been expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.