The company published a quarterly report in 2019, with a 80% increase in non-profits and a forecast for 2019 and the second half of 2019, with a higher increase in non-profits. The electrolyte prices were stable, the company’s business was established, and the lithium electricity industry was established.
A 80% increase in the non-profit rate in one quarterly report compared to the same year was expected: the company released a non-profit report in 2019, resulting in a non-profit gain of $25.55 million, an increase of 79.98%.
At the end of the price battle, the electrolytic fluid volume increased steadily: the price of the electrolyte was very competitive in 2018, the industry shuffled fast, the industry shuffled in the first quarter of 2019, and the price of the electrolyte recovered steadily.
Lithium hexafluoride is expected to rebound with a mild increase in the price of the electrolyte. The public supply of lithium hexafluorate has significantly benefited from higher industry prices, and the electrolyte is expected to increase in profitability.
Statistics show that there were 25.29 million new energy vehicles sold in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 117.08 per cent over the same period; according to high-tech lithium electricity, the power cell load was 13.12gwhh in the first quarter, an increase of 196.83 per cent over the same period.
Higher demand in the industry and higher projected output of electrolyte fluids.
Improvements have been made; client structures have continued to be optimized, while developing high-quality medium-sized customers in the domestic market has been accelerated into overseas markets, high Maori and new products have been certified by a number of large multinational customers, and offshore markets have maintained a sustained growth momentum; and visual materials operations are expected to increase.
The demand for new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations; price competition has exceeded expectations; and the release of new capacity has fallen short of expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations