Refrigerant price increases fluorinated reheating, mega-stocks (600160) research brief, mega-stocks.
Larger shares are the leading producers of fluorinated products in the country, and the company ' s fluorinated industry production base has a well-developed raw material and energy supply support system of 148012060006. The company has developed fluorinated chemicals, chlor-alkali materials and electronicization.
Recent price increases for refrigerant-based fluorinated products have been driven by factors such as price increases for raw materials and the inability of zombie production to produce.
The refrigerated supply pattern will continue in the year, and there will be much room for subsequent price increases for refrigerant products. We judge that the profit margin of refrigerant producers will increase significantly during this round-up.
Focus, we expect that in the future small and medium-sized enterprises in the r22 industry will gradually withdraw from competition, and that the pattern of competition in the industry will improve further. The entire fluorinated industry will also gradually integrate, and we believe that mega-equity is one of the few businesses in the fluorinated industry that is relatively healthy and able to integrate.
In the last year, the company completed a non-public fund-raising campaign of about 3.2 billion yuan, including fluorine polymers, high-purity gases, special gases, etc. The feasibility study shows that all three special gas projects are now in production.
By the end of 2016, the company reformed the sales sector, moving from write-offs to consideration of profits, with sales and production consolidated under the responsibility of the various ministries.
As a result of the reforms, the willingness of the ministries to control price premiums has increased, and has contributed positively to the growth of corporate profits. Profit forecasting and valuation: mega-stocks have been accumulated over a long period of time, competition in the fluorinated industry has become more evident, and new refrigerant products, electronic chemicals, etc., have been put into production, making companies more attached.
The share of the value of the product has increased considerably. Recent increases in the price of refrigerants, or a sign that the fluorinated industry is moving up. 165 times, 59 times, and 33 times, respectively, giving companies a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company has introduced external investment, mega-reverse growth, 2 and Deep Report on Larged Shares (600160): Innovative Refrigerants, E-Chemicals Flying Together 2016-07-29.
3. " Giant shares (600160) study: first recovery of refrigerant profits, prospects for high-end market applications of fluorinated materials " , " Giant shares (600160) report: Fluorine industry "
Industry is entering the integration phase, looking forward to the integration of leading companies. 2013-03-26.
Larger shares (600160): Increased prices of refrigerants, warming of the fluorinated industry 1. Increased costs, limited capacity to boost the price of refrigerants. Recent continued increases in prices of refrigerant-based fluorinated products, mainly from higher prices of raw materials, non-production of zombie production, etc.
The upstream feedstocks for fluorinated refrigerants are fluorine ores, hydrofluoric acids. Last month, under the country’s stringent environmental policy, 6,000 yuan/tons rose to the current 8400-9,000 yuan/t. The price increases for the feedstocks led to price increases for downstream refrigerant products such as r22, r134a, etc.
In the last two years, refrigerant prices have been low, many small plants are not properly produced, and about 20-30% of the domestic refrigerant industry’s capacity has gradually turned into zombie production capacity. Although the refrigerant prices have risen recently, these capacities are no longer available for re-production, so the supply of refrigerants has not increased significantly.
The rigid supply pattern of refrigerants will continue in the first half of the year, and there will still be much room for further price increases for refrigerant products. Tons of hydrofluoric acid. Thus, the price of hydrofluoric acid will increase by 2400 to 3000 tons, the cost effect on r22 will be approximately 1,200 to 1500 yuan/tonne, and r134a will be increased by about 4,000 yuan/t. So, in our judgement, during this round-up, the refrigerant production will increase.
There will be a significant increase in the profit margin of the enterprise. Figure 2: Increase in the price of refrigerant r22 2.2017 r22 production quota at the same level as 2016 and will continue to shrink in the future
According to the latest bulletin issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection, in 2017 the total production quota for R22 was 274,000 tonnes, with an internal production quota of about 189,000 tonnes, the total amount of which was the same as in 2016.
Although the 2017 r22 production quota was at the same level as in 2016, with some enterprises having smaller quotas, production under quotas would result in lower installation loads and higher production costs. As a result, quota trading in industries where small and medium-sized enterprises would gradually withdraw from competition and the pattern of industry competition would improve further.
East's financial and intellectual booming shares (600160): Increased prices of refrigerants, reheating of fluorinated workers, production of new refrigerants, occupation of the early stages of development
In order to meet the increasingly stringent regulatory requirements, suppliers of global refrigeration solutions have started developing fourth-generation refrigerants. Currently, fourth-generation refrigerants are divided into two main types of substances, the natural ones being ammonia, co2, hydrocarbons, etc.
Quality, etc.; another group is synthetic and is represented by HFOs. HFOs, combined with excellent performance and environmental protection, have been widely noted and successfully applied.
(hfo-1234vf). Globally, Dubon and Honiwell are the main promoters of hfo-1234vf, both of which have a complete technological reserve and have already completed their production and marketing. Dubon and San Aefu have reached the point of production on April 7th, 2000, with mega-production of hfo-1234yf in China, while Hornewell is responsible for production.
The completion of the layout of the fourth generation of refrigerants will significantly enhance the profitability of the company’s refrigerant business and enable the company to take the lead in the competition for a new generation of refrigerants.
The initial results of anti-dumping on products of dichloroethylene (pvdc) have been continuous investment in the development of new products of majorized shares, and the share of high-value-added products will rise in the future. Last year, companies completed the non-public development business of about 3.2 billion yuan in fund-raising for projects such as fluorine polymers, high-purity gases, special gases, etc.
After a long period of technological closure, the company has built up 28,000 tons of pvdc capacity, mainly in the field of food packaging and conservation. The company is working actively with downstream manufacturers to enhance the use of the above materials and open the consumer market.
The company’s pvdc products are used in areas such as food packaging, which accounts for about 60% of the country’s market. But the Japanese firm Wu Yu, Xu, Xu, has sold pvdc at low prices in China, affecting the company’s profits from pvdc operations.
Anti-dumping measures in time: As of 20 January 2017, imports of dichloroethylene dichloride originating in Japan by the importing operator will facilitate the domestic sale of megapvdc products and increase the profit margin of the products.
Giant shares extend their tentacles to e-chemicals, while deep-cultivated fluorinated chains. Giantization has now been completed, prior technology stocks have been developed, and core technologies have been developed. The company completed a non-public release in 2016, some of which will be used for three types of high-purity electronic gases (part one), high-purity electronic gases (part two), fluorine-containing special gases, etc.
According to the feasibility study, the three major special gas projects were fully completed with an annual contribution of about $790 million after delivery, resulting in a profit of about $320 million.
Table 3: E-gas proposed projects Large shares (600160): Increased prices of refrigerants, reheating of the fluorinated industry
Special gas projects, if successfully advanced, could further enrich the product range of corporate e-chemicals and create varieties, scales and synergies with existing company-based wet e-chemicals operations, thereby accelerating the company's efforts to optimize the industrial structure and improve the industry chain, making it a national leader in the field of e-chemicals a positive development.
6. Internal institutional reforms to improve the efficiency of production and sales Giant shares have reformed the internal marketing sector from a write-off measure to a profit test, and the profits are expected to improve significantly.Golden shares have a well-developed fluorinated product chain, which used to be used by companies to ensure the normal balance of production and materials of installations.
At the end of 2016, the company reformed the marketing sector, changing the target to sales profits, and shifting marketing and production harmonization to the responsibility of the various ministries. As a result of the reforms, the ministries’ increased willingness to control price premiums contributed positively to the growth of corporate profits.
7. Profit predictions and valuations in the country’s fluorine industry over the past three years, with excess capacity and insufficient demand, have contributed to the loss of the entire industry.
In 2015, Treasure Fought was the biggest loss in almost a decade, with a loss on mega-equity in the first quarter of 2016, and a loss on industry leaders, which presaged the establishment of the bottom of the fluorinated industry. Businesses have published fluorinated industry indicators since 2011, starting at 1,000 points, and the index has been down since then, reaching an all-time low of 581 points in the second quarter of 2016.
There has been a small recovery since then. Although fluorinated polymers and fluorinated fine chemicals remain at the bottom of the price range, with a low start rate, the industry climate has been rising since the second half of 2016, and the industry is becoming more profitable as governments and residents have become increasingly concerned about environmental protection, and the entry threshold for chemical industries has risen.
All right. In the current situation, mega-equity is one of the few businesses in the fluorinated industry that is relatively healthy and able to integrate. We will keep an eye on the pace of integration in the fluorinated industry and the subsequent capitalization of the fluorinated sector.
Clearly, the continued production of new refrigerant products, e-chemicals, etc., will result in a significant increase in the share of high-value-added products from companies. As a large number of promising fund-raising projects come to the ground in the future, corporate profitability levels will be 165 times higher, 59 times higher, and 33 times higher, respectively, giving companies a “strongly recommended” rating.
There is uncertainty about progress in the phase-out of refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, and failure to effectively phase out will lead to an increased risk of price reduction for products.
Magnificent shares (600160): Increased prices of refrigerants, warmth of the fluorinated industry, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Yeung Rook.
Head of the Basic Chemical Industry Group, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Liao Peng Fei China Petroleum University (Beijing) Master of Chemical Technology, which took office at the Beijing Institute of petrochemical lubricant in China in 2010-2015, at the People ' s Bond in 2015 and at the East Hing Bond in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.