RenthsTech (300433.sz) has significantly improved the ring ratio in the second quarter, with the expected bulk of new items released in the second half of the year achieving sales revenue of $6.399 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 40.6 per cent over the same period, attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies.
The second quarter of the round has improved significantly, driving growth in the first half of the year: corporate sales revenue in the first half of 2018.
In the second quarter of the year, the q2 ring entered production, which led to a significant change in the q2 ring ratio, driving up performance in the first half of the year. The net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was 458 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 25.4 per cent in the same year, and the net profit loss after deduction was 396 million yuan, a decrease of 276.32 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the updating of the q2 volume of Andre glass specifications.
In the first half of the year, non-recurrent gains and losses amounted to $850 million, from “government subsidies” of $130 million (pre-tax); and from “other losses that meet the definition of non-recurring gains and losses”.
The benefit project, 830 million (pre-tax), generated R & D subsidies paid by companies to partner with major brand clients in research and development experiments on new technologies, materials, new processes, new products, etc., and invested substantial R & D costs in preparing for the productive season in the second half of the year.
Product, income, increased by 38.4 per cent to $7,729 million, representing 71.0 per cent of total revenue, and a Māori rate of 21.9 per cent, lower by 1.9 per cent compared with the corresponding increase.
Demand continues to grow at a faster rate, but the rate of success is lower. Large-scale glass protection products earn 999 million yuan, a decline of 8.7 per cent compared to the previous year, a decrease of 5.9 per cent compared with a decline of 7.2 per cent compared with the previous year, mainly in average unit prices.
In terms of operating costs, the ratio of sales costs, management costs, and financial costs in the first half of the year was the same: Lancet: 278 per cent of the loanable helper ' s extension program was $383 million, mainly due to an increase in exchange losses of $147 million over the same period last year, and an increase in transferability.
Interest on debt is $105 million. R&D spent 7.95% of revenue in the first half of the year, and it continues to be the same.
LanceTechnology: The curve shows the leader of the industry, behind-the-curve innovation, a new production base in Viet Nam, which provides a good basis for companies to further expand their productive capacity and to better serve their tourists; and, through a joint venture, the two companies, the Japanese-write Lance, the Lanth National Ceramic, which are actively laid out.
LanthyTechnology: The second half of the year has seen better end demand, future growth, upstream industries, trying to provide better one-stop solutions for customers. The second half of the year, when the industry is on the rise, double glass designs continue to lead the tide, and companies have a clear competitive advantage as pioneer manufacturers and are expected to enjoy industry growth.
Lei. Apart from the glass sheet, the company is active in the layout of other materials such as sapphires, ceramics, metal pieces, and the next generation of applewatch will be changed to a new point of growth in the company’s new metal and materials products. First, quarterly performance ratings: the ring ratio has improved significantly in the second quarter, driving the first half of the year’s performance up.
The company achieved $10,893 million in sales revenue in the first half of 2018, an increase of 25.8 per cent in the same year, of which $6,399 million in sales in the second quarter, a 40.6 per cent increase in the same year, while overall demand for consumer electronics markets was weak in the first half of the year, the sales in the second quarter improved considerably from the first quarter, mainly due to the expansion of Chinese, oppo, vivo and mills in March and April.
Two-sided glass, 3d-curled glass design, and a second-quarter Adriatic client's new product, with a significant improvement in the performance ring, driven by a 25.4 per cent increase in the first half of the year in the net profit of the parent shareholders, which resulted in a net profit loss of $396 million, a 276.32 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to the updating of the quality of Andre's new machine glass produced in the second quarter, and the significant research and development costs invested by the company.
Andrian's rate of climbs is uneven, with a large number of new products being put into production leading to a higher rate of loss and loss; and the associated costs of depreciation of fixed assets, wages, etc., due to the expansion of the company's size and the increase in the number of first-time employees, have increased significantly. At the same time, the non-recurrent gains and losses in the first half of the year amounted to $850 million, from “government subsidies” of $130 million (pre-tax); and from “other benefits consistent with non-recurrent gains and losses”
830 million (pre-tax) for R & D subsidies received by clients who collaborated with their major brand clients in research and development experiments on new technologies, materials, new processes, new products, etc., in preparation for the second half of the production season. The M & A rate for the company's main business in the first half of 2018 was 25.4 per cent, an increase of 1.4 percentage points in the same year, mainly as a result of clients' offer of R & D grants.
Research and development subsidies for companies are included in the off-the-shelf income, resulting in an increase in the company ' s overall Māori ratio. The Māori rate for the second quarter was 23.9 per cent, an increase of 0.8 percentage points, and an increase in interest spending of $105 million on remunerative charges. R&D expenditure in the first half of the year was 7.95 per cent of revenue, and continued to be higher.
Figure 4: Changes in major cost rates over the past 12 quarters II. Business status assessment: rapid growth in small and medium dimensions, good rates and cost implications for Mäori (i) Foreign operations have risen substantially in the domestic market due to short-term pressure on price swaps
Score points, mainly driven by the increase in sales volume and average unit value of sales customers. (ii) Rapid growth in small and medium sizes, good rates and costs affecting the Māori rate level. billions of yuan, or 71.0 per cent of total revenue, revenue from large-size protected glass products was $999 million, a decline of 8.7 per cent in the same year, and new metals and materials.
In terms of profitability, small- and medium-sized protective glass, large-size protected glass products, and new metal and material products, respectively, new products designed for double-faced glass and 3d-faced glass have contributed to small- and slow-protected glass revenue growth, but in the first half of the year, a large number of new test products were put into production in the company, resulting in a higher rate of deterioration of good practices, lower delivery of customer orders, related depreciation of fixed assets, and employee workers.
Significant increases in costs, such as capital, have had a negative impact on the Māori ratio of corporate products. Large-scale glass protection operations have seen a decline in the same rate, mainly due to a decline in the average unit price of the product.
(iii) Performance guidance: technological innovation leads the industry and promotes a one-stop solution. The company did not provide performance guidance for January-September 2018. The company established new production bases in East Shosong Lake, East Pond and Viet Nam to provide a good basis for the company to further expand its productive capacity and better serve downstream customers: a day was set up through joint ventures.
The company will maintain the development philosophy of “technology innovation leads the industry and efficient management creates human values” and will continuously improve its combined strength in line with the established development strategy, guaranteeing that the new needs of major brand clients and new customers are met to the greatest extent possible, and will strive to do so.
Providing clients with more complete one-stop solutions, deepening strategic partnerships with core clients and achieving a win-win scenario for long-term sustainable development of companies and clients.
Small- and medium-size protective glass products: 5g communications technology, new technologies such as wireless charging, popular applications of new functions, increased demand for glass backsides, and the company’s business will grow with downstream orders. Large-sized protected glass products: the volume of flat-plate computing products is generally stable.
New metals and materials: Ceramics, sapphire materials are increasingly being used in wearingable products, and the business will grow as apparel innovation becomes available and the company grows up. In terms of profitability, the pre-innovation rate is higher, and competition in the industry will increase as the technology matures and the production capacity releases.
Māori rates have stabilized after a balance between supply and demand has been achieved. On the cost side, sustained increases in corporate R & D inputs will increase the administrative cost ratio, which will release some of the financial cost pressures when debt is transferred to the market.
(b) Price competition for major products leads to a decline in corporate profitability;
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data