Wally Group (300979.sz) Net profit grew by 17% in 2022, focusing on downstream brands to go to storage, textile apparel, textile manufacturing.
Net profits rose by 47 per cent during the year and slowed down in the fourth quarter due to branding and stock-taking. 2057 million yuan, an increase of 17.7 per cent, was collected throughout the year in 2022, and the prices were split: 12.34 per cent in dollar-calibre income, the first of which contributed about 29 per cent of the strong growth and 3 percentage points in the ratio; and (3) endpoints.
Class: 30% of high-speed sneakers, drops in the number of pairs of outdoors, sandals and slippers. For mothers to have reduced capacity utilization due to the epidemic, weak orders in the second half of the year, and to have new factories go up the slopes, companies increase flexible production and cost controls to keep the Māori rate largely stable; and for periods the cost rate is affordable.
Steady, exchange gains are generated during the year as a result of an increase in fiscal revenues. The increase in the red rate has led to a decline in the income tax rate and an improvement in the ring ratio. Income is $5.2 billion, or +74 per cent, and the net return to the mother is $870 million, or +1.5 per cent; and the Māori rate has been increased by 0.2 and 0.6 percentage points as a result of positive cost control.
In 2023, some new factories in Indonesia, Viet Nam, and in the next two years will be active in building new jobs, which will remain at a high level of capital spending. In terms of productivity efficiency, companies promote regulatory standardization and information.
Investment proposal: the left-hand layout of the orders will be at the point when the brand goes to the vault, and the value elasticity of the orders will be observed. As the brand goes to the vault, it is expected that the company’s orders will warm up gradually from the second quarter of this year.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Acquisition of Vietnamese sports shoe production, trade swaps will support future company performance growth. This year, the company expects to add more than two new plants, which will continue to protect the Wally Group (300979.sz) - third quarter revenue growth of 23%, focusing on downstream stocks
At the cost end, the Māori rate has improved in the last four quarters in the face of order fluctuations, reflecting the competitive advantages of flexible production and cost control of companies, and will continue to build on the production of the Wally Group (300979.sz) - second quarter performance growth of 28% and capital expenditure growth.
The advantage is to maintain a stable profit margin and reduce the impact of order fluctuations on profits. Consider brand clean-up and significant inventory improvements — 2022-08-19 — in the immediate future, improved visibility of orders will trigger valuation repair and long-term expansion of market shares among companies
The outlook is clear, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The net profit has increased by 47% over the year, with four quarters of the increase in branding to the stock market, benefiting the company in 2022 from its high-quality customer resources and client structure, and achieving a net return on continued cost improvements.
The company achieved 20,570 million yuan a year, a 17.7 per cent increase, with cooperative brands including nike, conversé, vans, ug, hoka, etc., with high-quality customer resources and good customer structures contributing to steady growth; the growth rate of revenue fell in the second half of the year, mainly due to the speed with which the shoe productions grew after the outbreak.
In terms of volume prices, 221 million pairs of sports shoes were sold throughout 2022, representing an increase of 4.6 per cent, unit prices of 12.51 per cent and a projected gain in United States dollars.
The revenue of the first largest client grew from $6.1 billion to $7.9 billion, an increase of 3 percentage points to 39 per cent, contributing hundreds of millions, falling in double digits, such as outdoor boots, sports sandals, slippers, etc. The annual Māori rate of the company declined slightly from 1.4 percentage points to 25.86 per cent, mainly due to the epidemic and weak orders in the second half of the year.
The cost rate is generally stable, with a 0.15 percentage point decrease in the same year, and the main exchange gains increase in financial revenue. The interest-bearing liability rate is 4.0%, a decrease of nearly 8 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to corporate repayment of dollar loans.
Figure 8: Business turnover days: Figure 9: Corporate Roe ' s performance at branding debanks slowed down in the fourth quarter. Companies earned $5.2 billion in four quarters alone, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period.
The increase is 16 percentage points lower than in the third quarter, mainly as a result of stock-taking by brand clients and weak orders. The Māori position on orders increases the number of employees and overtime controls to optimize the Māori rate. The cost rate increased by 1.7 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of year-end cost adjustments. The company achieved a net return profit of 870 million yuan, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the same period.
Net interest rate was 15.06 per cent, a 0.9 percentage point decline over the same period.
In Viet Nam, Weisheung, Viet Nam, and Honghing, Viet Nam, have successfully climbed the slopes, with a monthly capacity of about 940,000 pairs in Viet Nam, 880,000 pairs in Viet Nam, and 480,000 pairs in Viet Nam. In 2023, Indonesia and Viet Nam have some new plants that will be actively built in the next two years. In 2022, the company capital opened.
In terms of efficiency, the company promotes standardization of management and information, digitization and efficiency, and raises the capacity and performance of its production plants. During the year, it upgraded and promoted such crafts as the company's “computer-car-to-shoe-to-shoe” process, the “auto-rolling innovative panels”, the newly developed computer-concoupled car decorative belt technology, and the consolidation of multi-storey components of the entire shoe surface.
Technologies such as computer car technology, auto-brand locator, etc., are being implemented in various production plants, each of which is in the shape of an active innovation culture called "Big-Learn-Cush-Bush-Bush" that improves quality, improves efficiency and improves the group's efficiency.
As the brand moves to the vault, corporate orders are expected to warm up in the second quarter of this year, and the build-up of newto client orders will support future company performance growth. This year, the company expects to add more than two new plants, which will continue to be insured in the medium term.
At the cost end, in the last four quarters of the year, Māori rates have improved in the face of fluctuations in orders, reflecting the competitive advantages of firm flexible production and cost control, and will continue to use production advantages to maintain a stable profit margin and reduce the impact of fluctuations in orders on profits. Consider brand clean-up and industry order adjustments.
The expansion of production capacity is more flexible to restore reserves to future demand, while improvements in brand inventory are imminent, with improved visibility of orders catalytic valuation repairs, firm prospects for long-term expansion of market shares in the medium to long term and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject