Wally Group (300979.sz) Textiles and apparel group, stocking effects continue, q2 stops open.
“Walley Group Corporate Review: Steady Growth of Old Clients, Watching New Clients Dismantling of Downstream Clients Stockings Continues to Influencing Orders. q1 Downstream Client Inventory Decontinues, Volumes”, 2023.4.23
Weak demand and some delayed delivery effects have led to a decline in corporate income, split down 2. "Walley Group: Good Business in Reverse, Growth of Quality Productive Capacity " , a volume-by-value increase of 9.6 per cent below US$asp, higher than the 22-year level.
Mainly driven by the structural optimization of older client groups, such as nike, and higher unit prices for new brands; sales. 3. " Proposed acquisition of high-quality footwear, increase in synchronous orders -- Wally Group business volume drops by 24.7% to about 39 million pairs on the same scale.
New clients, such as allbirds, whose inventory has been deconstructed, are expected to increase significantly q2 output, leading to a return to rapid growth in revenue. Lower capacity utilization leads to a decline in profit margins.
Losses, fluctuations in interest rates on bank borrowings, etc., led to an increase in the financial cost rate of 1.07 pct; net corporate interest rates ranged from 2.58 pct to 13.14 per cent, which overall remained superior to peer performance.
Short-term harvests are expected to return to high levels, and medium- and long-term capacity is expected to rise steadily. The company expects q2 to produce a strong season, while downstream market demand in Europe and the United States is expected to warm back in the same period, and customers adjust orders or bring up demand for replacements.
Stability, improved capacity utilization, and high elastic growth in harvest and Maori rates. Some of the new plants are expected to start operating on 2h23, and the gradual release of capacity will directly boost corporate performance and strengthen industry leadership.
(a) Profit forecasting, valuation and rating;
Viet Nam’s human cost, expansionary pace, and declining demand for overseas end-points.