Short-term branders go to stock, wait for downstream demand to improve. Wally Group (300979.sz) won.
The sale of sports shoes by 2023q1 companies has decreased by the same year. The company continues to consolidate its high-quality head customers and actively expand its brand to deal with order fluctuations.
2023q1rebok, lululemon, and allbilds have achieved output volumes of branded sports shoes. The Māori ratio has declined in the same year, with net operating cash flows increasing in the same year. 1) The Māori ratio of 2023q1 fell by the same 2.31 pct to 23.34%, mainly due to reduced capacity utilization, resulting in lower labour costs, etc.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 96.18%, are significantly higher than profit levels, mainly due to the increase in the scale of sales, the return of taxes received and the reduction in taxes paid. With high short-term inflation affecting overseas consumption, firms are actively expanding their production capacity to drive long-term growth in demand for products.
With high inflation affecting Europe and the US, the consumer capacity of the population has declined, and head-movement brands continue to go to stock. Companies have increased their ability to design research and development, cost control, quality control, product turn-over, etc., and Viet Nam’s three-man factory capacity has begun to release and expand further in Viet Nam and Indonesia.
There will be repairs, brand demand is expected to return to growth, and companies are expected to move on to profit projections and investment proposals: corporate performance will decline the same year in the context of global consumption downturns. I, the long-term growth of the shoe suit track, short-term low stock prices affected by global economic fluctuations, future products.
The company's performance is expected to be quickly repaired when the stock is gone, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Head Client Order Extension, Sports Top Business Highlights 2022.4 Sindh Securities Inc.
Itd which part of House No. 1 of House No. 9 in the West Side of Beijing City is not, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.