Performance meets expectations, attention is paid to downstream stock stops, Wally Group (300979.sz) 1.52 per cent, company performance growth is up to expectations, head client orders are expanding rapidly, and a leading advantage is evident.
Xiao Fei, head branders are growing rapidly and new customers are expanding. Companies are focusing on head branding, continuously strengthening their competitive advantages and consolidating their customers, actively expanding their new customers, and keeping orders.
High, order volumes are rising rapidly, while new clients continue to expand, with the top five clients increasing their accumulated income from sports and leisure shoes and increasing their product volumes. In 2022, the company achieved $221 million in pairs of sneakers, an increase of 4.65 per cent over the same period, with an average price of $93/double.
G. Sub-products: 1) Sports leisure shoes earned $18,479 million in 2022, with the same increase in construction, increased production flexibility, enhanced scale effects, and a stable year-round Māori ratio. Its middle sports leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals and other Māori rates are 26.72 per cent,
3) Net cash flow from the company ' s operations in 2022 was RMB 3,503 million, or 44.59 per cent, q3 income increases faster, and sneakers rises mainly as a result of the increase in the scale of sales and the return of taxes and fees received simultaneously.
The dominant position is highlighted by 2021.10. Continue to strengthen core competitive advantages and expand productive capacity to enable client growth.
Each year, the company has a strong design capability and a good product quality, rapid response capability, and a large number of well-known sports and leisure brands are tied downstream. The company owns a complete industrial chain from product development design, molding, footwear, soles, finished products and manufactures to stabilize product quality and optimize costs.
In 2022, the company actively expanded and optimized its capacity, and the new factory in Viet Nam climbed well.
In 2023, the company went far beyond the 9th Palace Building on the west corner of Beijing City, and the new factory in Indonesia is expected to continue, and the help company continues to deepen its cooperation with its old clients.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: we maintain the company’s 2023-2024 eps forecast at 15.31 times. We look forward to the long-term growth of the track of sneakers, the company’s supply chain.
The dominant position is clear, and with the expansion of productive capacity, it is expected that core competitive advantages will continue to be strengthened, client structures will be optimized, long-term development space will be large, and “buy-in” ratings will be maintained. Risk factors: more concentrated production regions and higher labour costs.
The components of \triangleright are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.