Wally Group (300979.sz) 26% drops in net profits in the quarter, focusing on downstream brands going to storage, textile apparel, textile manufacturing.
The net profit fell by 26 per cent during the quarter, with a weak order and a slight increase in the number of employees under pressure. During the quarter, the company achieved revenues of $3.66 billion, representing a 11.2 per cent decline over the same period, mainly due to stock adjustments and weak orders made by brand clients; and the volume splitting showed a 17 per cent + United States dollar reduction, with the dollar unit price rising by 9.6 per cent.
The points are largely due to the fact that the number of employees of the company has not been significantly adjusted during the quarter, owing mainly to the weakness of the orders, a slight increase in the ring from the end of 2022, and a decline in capacity utilization. The cost rate has remained generally stable during the period, while the financial cost rate has increased by 1.1 percentage points, mainly due to exchange rate losses due to the appreciation of the renminbi.
The number of products produced has increased as a result of the late arrival of customers based on stock rhythm. 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices. Some brand moves towards the middle-end ring are better, with the Māori ratio following the order as the peak season for traditional orders.
This year, new customers are also contributing to new orders. Companies are actively expanding their capacity, increasing their capacity in the next two years with a strong degree of certainty.
In 2023, some new factories in Indonesia, Viet Nam, and in the next two years, they will also be active in building new jobs.
The bank is making progress, and it is expected that the company’s orders will warm up gradually from the start of the second quarter of this year, and that the build-up of new customers’ orders will support future company performance. This year, the company expects more than two new factories to continue to protect the Wally Group (300979.sz) – acquisition of Vietnamese sports shoes, trade swaps, etc.
At the cost end, the Māori rate continued to rise by 23% in the last four quarters, in the event of orders fluctuations, by three quarters, focusing on downstream stocks, an improvement in the ring, reflecting the competitive advantage of firm flexible production and cost control, and a lower-quarter Māori ratio.
The slide is largely due to the company's consideration of future purchase order requirements, which has not been accompanied by a staff cost control exercise, and will continue to be used in the future to help maintain a stable profit margin and reduce the impact of fluctuations in orders on profits. Consider brand clean-up banks, which are more flexible, and improve brand inventory in the sense that the improved visibility of orders will result in the restoration of valuations, among companies.
Long-term expansion of market share prospects is clear, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Investment proposal: the purchase point is immediately after the brand goes to the vault, and looks at the elasticity of the left side layout.
As the brand moves to the vault, corporate orders are expected to warm up in the second quarter of this year, and the build-up of new orders will support future company performance growth. This year, the company expects more than two new plants to continue to maintain rapid expansion in production capacity in the medium term.
Improved, reflecting the competitive advantages of a company’s flexible production and cost control, the decline in the Maori round of a quarter is mainly due to the fact that the Department considers future purchase order requirements for which no personnel cost control action has been taken and which will continue to be used to maintain future benefits through productive advantage, stable rates, and a reduction in the impact of fluctuations in orders on profits. Consider brand clean-up and industry order adjustments.
Demand recovery reserves are more flexible, brand inventory improvements are imminent, improved visibility of orders will result in a catalytic valuation repair, firm prospects for long-term expansion of market shares are clear, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject