As a result of the slowdown in the recovery rate, the four-quarter reduction in the provision is making a positive contribution to the net profit rate.
A significant downside from the third quarter, with an increase in the coverage ring. Maintenance of an increased rating. Increased stock disposal due to poor ratings, positive annual net profit growth and reduced provision up to four quarters
In the total year 2020 year-on-year growth rate of 3.81% for the CSB and a slight decrease of 0.96 percentage points from the previous three quarters (4.77%), interest income increased by 2.44% for the same year, net non-interest income increased by 42% for the same year, and was the largest contributor to the increase in fees and fees.
The weakening of the company ' s four-quarter provision, with a reduction in the cost of credit between 103bp and 1.15 per cent on a year-on-year basis, has resulted in a positive contribution to net profit performance throughout the year, with the company ' s annual net profit increasing at a rate of +2.01 per cent, yoy, which is significantly higher than in the previous three quarters (-94.1 per cent, yoy).
Debt end-cost rates continue to improve the trend. With a relatively stable end-of-debt structure, end-of-debt cost rates benefit from a relaxed funding environment and an optimal deposit structure. But asset end-of-life years, while higher market-funded interest rates put upward pressure on end-of-debt cost rates, assets are not good.
The firm’s stock deficit has been accelerated, and the four-quarter negative-book-rate ring has dropped significantly over the three-quarter period, from 34bp to 34bp, which is considered to be an important factor. The company’s loan/deprived loans are more than 60 days overdue.
However, in the event of a decline in the negative balance, the provision for coverage at the end of the 4th quarter was increased by 1.6 percentage points to the end of the 4th quarter.
The valuation level is significantly lower than that of comparable counterparts, and the valuation is highly marginal and maintains an increased rating.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and regulatory controls exceeded expectations. Sino-Bank published its annual report for the year 2020, with a net profit return of +2.01% in the year 2020 (the previous three quarters - 9.41%).
The year 2020 saw a 3.81 per cent increase in the year-on-year revenue of the Bank, a slight decrease of 0.96 percentage points from the previous three quarters (4.77 per cent). Of this, interest net income increased by 2.44 per cent over the year and net non-interest income increased by 8.75 per cent over the same period. Neither net interest income nor net interest income increased at the same rate as in the previous three quarters (+5.23 per cent and 0.999 per cent respectively) as a result of the reclassification of credit card consumption income to interest income reported in 2020.
Compared to the adjusted fees and fees performance, net fees increased by 7.88 per cent for the year as a whole, while hosting fees increased by 42 per cent for the year as a result of financial management and fund hosting operations, and were the largest contributor to the increase in fees and fees. Corporate costs as a result of the epidemic ranged from 1.05 per cent to 26.65 per cent from the lower end of the first half of the year, resulting in higher profits than before the year (+5.27 per cent, yoy).
The company ' s four-quarter provision was weakened, the cost of credit fell by 103bp to 1.15% on a year-on-year basis, making a positive contribution to net profit performance throughout the year, and the company ' s annual net profit increased at a year-on-year rate (+2.01%, yoy) with a marked increase over the previous three quarters (-94.1%, yoy).
In the light of the relative stability of the liability end-of-end structure, we believe that the downside of the end-of-the-debt end-of-the-life ratio benefits from the overall easing of the funding environment on the one hand, and the savings on the other, on the other.
The cost of the company's deposits throughout the year is 2.10 per cent (2.17 per cent in the first half of the year), and the structure shows the share of the investment-type business in the average daily deposit structure of the year; (2) the loan rate of return drops: the company's profit-making entity economy, as well as the high rate of return in the individual lending structure, the credit card and the consumer loan ratio drops. Looking forward to 2021, despite upward pressure on the debt-end cost ratio due to higher market interest rates.
But the positive impact of the asset end, the recovery of the economy, the need for credit will ease downward pressure on the company ' s rate of return on new loans, the improvement in consumer demand at the same time, changes in the loan structure will have a positive impact on the performance of the loan rate, the expected decline in the company ' s interest differentials in 2021, a sharp drop in the negative book ratio and an increase in the provision coverage rate.
In terms of asset quality performance, in the context of the company ' s increasing stock deficit, the four-quarter negative stock ratio was between 34bp and 1.64 per cent, compared with the three-quarters, and the bottom line of 1bp, with the lowest absolute level in almost five years; the ratio of loan of concern was 54bp in late six months to the significant write-off of assets in stock disposal in year to year, as well as the improved economic situation in 2021, where the firm ' s asset quality pressure would improve.
Improved sustainability of asset quality indicators. Sino-Bank increased its net profit on a year-on-year basis over the previous three quarters in 2020, and, in the event of a slowdown in operating profit growth, a four-quarter reduction in the level of the provision is making a positive contribution to the net profit growth rate.
We maintain a company’s forecast of $1.08/1.17 per unit per person per year in 2021/2022, with a higher rating of comparable practitioners, and a higher margin of valuation security. The downside of the economy leads to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation is either expected to over-market the concessionary policy, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.