After a four-quarter negative-rate round down, the growth rate slowed slightly, and Sino-Kin Bank increased net profits on average over the previous three quarters of the year in 2020, with a slowdown in operating profits, it is expected that the reduction in the four-quarter provision will make a positive contribution to the growth rate of net profits.
The Division ' s four-quarter negative-rate ring is clearly down from the three-quarter period, and the provision for coverage ring is up from the four-quarters. The four-quarter negative-rate ring is maintained and the rate of growth is slightly slower, the net profit increase is positive throughout the year, and the provision is expected to be reduced in the four-quarter period.
In this context, corporate net profits are 2.01% on a year-on-year basis. In this context, the net profits are 2.01% on a year-on-year basis.
A significant increase over the previous three quarters (-9.41%, yoy).
Between 34bp and 1.64 per cent, compared with 1bp down at the beginning of the year, the company is expected to increase its write-off and disposal efforts in the four quarters. Due to the lack of data on loan acceleration, it is not possible to specifically measure the negative rate of company generation in the four quarters, which needs to be analysed in the context of more detailed data.
In view of the positive impact of the domestic economic recovery on business operations, we have been able to raise the profile of the company Sino-Kinji Bank, which has a wide interest margin, with attention to asset quality tables.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and regulatory controls exceeded expectations.
The year-round net profit increase is positive, with a reduction in the projected 4-quarter provision rate of 3.81 per cent for the year-on-year increase in the year-on-year rate in 2020 and a decrease of 0.96 percentage points from the previous three quarters (4.77 per cent). The year-on-year profit increase was slower than the previous three quarters (8.36 per cent, yoy) by 3.09 percentage points to 5.27 per cent, and operating profits (+2.31 per cent, yoy) were slower than the previous three quarters.
In this context, the net profits of the company increased at a year-on-year rate of 2.01 per cent, a marked increase from the previous three quarters (-94.1 per cent, yoy).The negative book ratio was down, the provision coverage was up, and in terms of asset quality performance, the bad rate at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020 was 34 bp to 1.64 per cent below the end of the third quarter, compared to 1 bp at the beginning of the year.
The company is expected to increase its write-off and disposal efforts in the fourth quarter. Due to the lack of data, such as loan acceleration, it is not possible to specifically measure the poor rate of company generation in the fourth quarter, which needs to be analysed in the context of more detailed data.
In the light of the slowdown in operating profits, it is expected that the reduction in the provision in the fourth quarter will make a positive contribution to the increase in net profits. The company’s four-quarter bad rate ring is clearly down from three quarters, and the coverage ring is up from four quarters. Given the positive impact of the domestic economic recovery on business performance, we have adjusted the firm 2021/2022 ps.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, the regulations guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development policy of the enabling entity will continue in 2021, but that interest rate regulation will affect the bank’s profitability performance, either as expected by the supermarket of the concessionary policy.