Company review report  Banking net profit rate positive, Nim ring up and back in one season.
Wuping issued a three-quarter report for 2020. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved business income of $22,143 billion, an increase of 6.60 per cent over the same period.
A slight slowdown compared to the first half of the year; net return of 76,603 million yuan, a 0.82 per cent decline in the same year, a decrease of less than the first half of the year.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved net interest income of $138,535 million, an increase of 5.57 per cent over the previous half-year, with an increase of 8.78 per cent over the q2 growth rate in the first half of the year; a net interest gap of 2.51 per cent, a decrease of 14 bp, a net interest gap of 2.53 per cent for the q3 season, and an increase of 8 bp over the previous, which benefited mainly from the optimization of the credit structure.
At the end of September 2020, parent loans and advances totalled $4.66 trillion, with points where the structure optimized the return on good assets. At the end of the year, low-cost deposits grew steadily, and deposit structures increased.
Continued optimization and cost reduction. By the end of September 2020, the total amount of the parent client deposits was 527 trillion yuan, while the other non-interest-bearing income was subject to a loss in fair value and a decrease in exchange earnings. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a net non-interest income of 82.895 billion yuan, an increase of 8.35 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year.
The q3 single-season decline of 0.77% in the first half of the year was largely related to the decline in other non-interest income. The recovery was largely due to increases in wealth management fees and commissions.
The impact of the decrease in gains and losses on fair value changes; the positive quality of assets accumulated in the first three quarters of exchange gains and the same ratio in the same quarter as in the previous quarter of 2003 (4); the decline in both the poor rate and the concern rate, with the provision for coverage maintaining the high quality of the assets of the industry leading companies, the negative rate and the ratio of loans of concern. As of the end of September 2020,
Coverage declined but remained high at the industry top level, with high risk offsets. By the end of September 2020, the group provision for non-performing loans covered 424.76 per cent, down 2.02 and 16.05 percentage points, respectively, from the beginning of the year and the end of June.
The end-of-liability structure continues to be optimized, with deposits accounting for more than 70 per cent and the average daily balance of current deposits rising and with greater cost advantages; assets are of sound quality, poor quality and concern are declining, and the provision coverage is at the highest level in the industry; and the Department actively promotes strategic transformation and the creation of light banks, adhering to a dynamic and balanced development of “quality, effectiveness, scale”.
In combination with corporate fundamentals and stock price elasticity, my macroeconomic weakness has led to the risk that asset quality will deteriorate beyond expectations. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Any part of the report has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.