Bank of Merchants (600036): Tri-quarter review in 2020.
Event: Business income of comptoir banks in the first three quarters of 2020 was $22,430 million, an increase of 6.6 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $76,603 million attributable to the bank ' s shareholders, a decrease of 0.8 per cent in the same year, corresponding to an eps of $3.02/share: end-of-cycle total assets, research assistant Tau Cheol-Aun
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: third quarter single-season profit growth is positive, but the more central highlights are asset quality and profit spreads, poor new generation rates and new generation points, and net interest differentials are up by 8bp. Through the three quarterly reports, we have great confidence in the base of the hiring bank next year, with real asset quality indicators for public loans.
The risk-resilient capacity has increased significantly, the net interest differentials have stabilized, and it is expected that after next year’s shift over the home loan price of lpr, profits will pick up at a positive rate in the third quarter, income & booms will pick up but remain low, and investment returns will fall. Revenue growth in commercial banks will generally be lower in the third quarter, partly due to narrow spreads, and partly due to fluctuations in bond investment.
This has led to a decline in non-interest income. The growth in business income and the growth of the comptoirs, which outperformed their counterparts, is still at a relatively low rate of 5.3 per cent and 3.0 per cent, respectively, in a single quarter. Of this, 1 net interest income showed a bright performance, an 8.8 per cent increase in a single quarter, resulting from a higher than expected recovery in net interest differentials, which is expected to result from a higher than expected recovery.
Retail business recovery and the return of low-cost liabilities clearly reflect the spread resilience of head retail banks; 2 non-interest income decreased by 0.8 per cent in the single quarter, dragging the cumulative increase in the previous three quarters to 8.4 per cent (up from 21.6 per cent in the first quarter), with a strong 15.5 per cent increase in net revenue from fees in the first quarter, with a further upswing reported at a more moderate rate.
(c) Investment returns are a drag on non-interest income, with “investment returns + gains and losses on fair value changes” falling by 42.4 per cent in the single quarter, and are expected to be affected by the volatility of debt markets, in addition to the redaction of the Fund.
At the cost end, the cost-earner ratio rose by 77bp to 29.95%, and remained significantly higher than the equity partner, mainly because of continued investment in financial science and technology and retail resources, which led to a lower rate of growth in the ppop than in the operating income. The rate of increase in profits recovered in line with the industry’s performance, and the rate of increase in the single quarter shifted to 0.7%, as a result of a marked decline in credit impairments.
Low, 12,448 million won in the third quarter, a slight increase from the same period last year, and steady increases in the first and second quarters, respectively, will facilitate a positive increase in accumulated profits throughout the year. The quality of assets improved further in the third quarter, with both negative rates and undesirable new rates expected to be on the decline.
In the first three quarters of the year, the merchant bank generated a new non-performing loan of $43,456 million (mother's caliber), an increase of 28.7 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly due to exposure to credit card operations in the second and third quarters (of which $24,075 million is for new credit card creation).
However, in the light of the marginal thinking, credit risk has begun to improve, as shown by the fact that in the third quarter of the year new non-performing loans were generated in the amount of 15,524 million yuan, which is 3,307 million yuan less than in the second quarter, of which 8,177 million yuan were generated in the third quarter of the credit card, and the ring ratio has been reduced;
Yearly Quarterly Reviews: No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
But the rate of new generation in a single quarter is down from 34bp to 1.35%. We predict a negative rate of new generation in the fourth quarter. This year, commercial banks have generally increased their write-off disposal efforts to address credit risk, hiring banks to benefit from stock capital roe, with assets of higher quality than interest differentials.
The output quality was excellent, and after write-off disposal, the negative rate at the end of the three quarters was again down to 1 bp to 1.13 per cent, with quarterly forward-looking credit impairments, higher provision coverage, and later three quarters consumption allowance to cover the risk management of the pressure on non-performing assets
After a clear recovery, the trend is still higher than it was before the outbreak, but it is gradually improving: the “double drop” of overdue loans from one company was achieved in the first three quarters of the year, and the rate of overdue loans (cargo caliber) was reduced to 1.54 per cent at the end of the third quarter, while the “real” non-performing loan target, incorporating all overdue loans into the non-performing loan caliber as carefully as possible, and therefore overdue/
The significant reduction in the negative deviation to 83 per cent in the next year has significantly enhanced the company ' s ability to resist the possibility of going up against public business credit risks, again reflecting a strategic forward-looking approach in which investors should be more confident about the company ' s asset quality indicators next year.2 Retail lending risks have fallen, with the negative new generation rate falling to 1.65 per cent in the first three quarters (1.67 per cent in the first half of the year), the main of which is the decline in the rate of negative production (mother ' s caliber)
Risk exposure, with a decline in credit card failures to 4.68% (4.81% in the first half of the year), means a negative return on generation in the single quarter, while taking into account the impact of the scale-up drive, which is more pronounced. The strong interest-rate spread is higher than expected.
Since the second quarter of 2019, the accumulated net interest differentials of the merchant banks have fallen for five consecutive quarters, with a steady recovery in this quarter, ranging from 1 bp to 2.51 per cent in the previous half year, to a significant recovery in the first quarter of the third quarter, ranging from 8 bp to 2.53 per cent, with the net interest differentials showing higher market expectations. In our judgement, the spreads have been re-exploitated, resulting from a recovery in the return on loans + an improvement in the cost of deposits, and it is expected to continue a steady and expansionary trend in the future:
Retail loans, such as an asset-end credit card, have continued to recover, with a further $132,679 million in retail loans in the third quarter (mother-to-man's caliber), an increase of a single-quarter record, with a strong growth of 5.4 per cent in the ring (and 4.6 per cent in the second quarter), and a return to 55.3 per cent of total loans, with a 4.4 per cent increase in the national ring of loans and a 1.5 per cent increase in corporate lending in the third quarter, as shown by the central bank's disclosure of its own foreign currency credit statement.
This is evidenced by the performance of the King Retail Merchant Bank. In line with the asset-end rate of return, although mortgages face a heavy price of lpr next year, the growth of high-yield consumer loans, such as letters and cards, will be the point of support for the continued expansion of corporate spreads.2 Debt-end deposit structures are optimized in the context of intense market competition, although total deposits (parent caliber) are based on end-of-period data.
The ring ratio grew by only 1.4 per cent, with demand deposits down to 61 per cent compared with the end of the second quarter, but the company disclosed 59.74 per cent of the average daily balance of deposits in the previous three quarters, an increase of 92bp over the previous half. Since the second quarter, the regulatory layer has begun to depress commercial banks’ structural deposits, the deposits market has been competitive, the demand banks have reversiblely improved the cost of deposits, and business will continue to be constrained with high interest margins.
Banks will be more dependent on customer stickyness and services to access low-cost liabilities, with a sharper advantage on the part of merchant banks. We judge that the net interest differentials of merchant banks have been largely stable, adding currency and interest rate policies to next year’s rent price switch point, and that the net difference is expected to enter into a new expansion cycle.
▪ Benefiting from investment market developments, accelerated growth of retail wealth management indicators, and the outbreak of revenue from sales funds and trustees. This year’s epidemic has created development opportunities for online finance management, adding stock markets to the exuberance, and the accelerated expansion of retail customer asset aum in merchant banks, growing by 15.2% to 8.63 trillion yuan at the beginning of the quarter, with retail customers growing by 7.6% to 155 million at the beginning of the period.
The growth ranged from 16.4% to 7.08 trillion yuan, it is clear that the number of high-middle- and net-value customers and the aum growth rate are higher than average, and that corporate wealth management’s client base continues to grow. Internet wealth management has flourished in recent years, and retail customers’ assets, aum, of the Internet’s giants, have expanded at a high rate, but it is expected that the Internet’s giants will still be unable to catch up with head retail banks in the medium term, in terms of account level and average asset size.
At the product level, wealth management fees and commission revenues increased significantly by 44.98 per cent to $27.260 billion on a year-on-year basis (the first half of the year increased, there is still room for sustained high growth, as banks are less competitive about the property itself, interest-based products become more attractive, and the ability of banks and banks to allocate their assets and services to high- and middle-value clients is significantly ahead of the industry, while banks and financial subsidiaries are also in the vanguard of the industry.
With a net-value transformation and strong investment capacity, it is expected that autonomously managed property will be more attractive than their counterparts.
East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.