Incidents: On 30 October, the Bank of Merchants published the three-quarters report for 2020. The first three quarters of the year saw the first full-fledged enterprise law in the country.
With a rate of 1.13 per cent, the ring ratio has fallen by 1 bp; the provision covers 424.8 per cent, with a capital adequacy rate of 11.65 per cent at the core level.
The third quarter saw a steady recovery in revenue and a better performance in net and interest income. The first three quarters saw a 0.8 per cent decline in net profits over the same period, and a 0.8 per cent decrease in the first half of the year around the transition goal of building “light banks”. 3q20 single-season revenues and apps increased by 5.3 per cent and 3.5 per cent, respectively, at a faster rate than the previous six months.
“Quality, benefits, scale” dynamic and balanced development, operating 2q20 up 2.1 pct, 3.0 pct. Of this, net interest income showed a remarkable increase of 8.8 per cent in net interest income for the 3q20 season, sustained structural optimization, digitalization of the initial scale, international
The growth rate increased by 6.3 pct over 2q20 and benefited mainly from an improvement in the net interest differential ring ratio; the net interest gap of 2.53 per cent in the third quarter, and the significant decline was common to the industry, with changes in the fair value of trading financial assets associated with bonds subject to fluctuations in market interest rates 0.7 per cent net profit and an increase of 14.0 pct over 2q20.
8bp. The difference is better than expected. Mostly, the decrease in the cost of the liability is greater than the reduction in the rate of return on the asset.
At the same time, asset-end rates of return are slowing down as business credit demand recovers at an accelerated pace, and liquidity is tightened. We expect interest rates on future loans to be stable as credit demand recovers, and interest differentials are expected to remain stable.
Retail operations continued to flourish, with retail customers and aum growing steadily. By the end of September, retail customers numbered 155 million.
13.80%, 17.47%; the rate of increase is higher than it was the year before. Retail customers, sunflower customers, and private customers aum ring have risen by 2.06%; the negative rate is 1.13% and the negative rate is 1 bp below.
2 bp to 0.64%, 0.27%. Credit card asset quality has begun to improve, with a decline in the negative ratio of 7 bp to 1.78%. Investment advice: company retail operations continue to be active, wind control is prudent, asset quality is stable and subject to economic fluctuations relative to tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Merchant Bank (600036): Improved interest differentials, excellent quality of assets, figure 1: Merchant Bank performance is increasing at the same rate.
Figure 2: Growth in the performance of merchant banks on a year-on-year basis in a single season
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: Improved interest rates, excellent quality of assets.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Business Bank (600036): improved interest and asset quality.
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
The view is directly or indirectly related, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Business Bank (600036): improved interest differentials and excellent quality of assets.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.