Interest differentials have gone far beyond expectations, asset quality indicators have performed well, and the first three quarters of the cash-management business have seen a steady increase in revenue. As the domestic epidemic is well under control, demand for retail operations has improved, assets have been raised in three quarters.
The difference in interest spreads out of expectations, asset quality indicators are showing good performance, revenue growth is robust and non-interest is higher than the average in the first three quarters of the year, with a 6.60 per cent increase in the first half (+7.27 per cent) and a slight drop in the first half of the year.
The higher market interest rate affected the valuation of transaction-type financial assets and the net gain on exchange on appreciation of the renminbi. But the company’s net interest earnings and net fees performance were positive, increasing by 5.57%, 10.7%, and 1.61.24 percentage points, respectively, in the first half of the year.
We believe that this is mainly due to the optimization of the end-of-the-debt cost, and that the end-of-asset rate of return is three-quarter rate of return against the background of a high rate of return on assets such as retail credit.
Downwards are slower. According to our end-of-cycle measurements, the company's three-quarters one-quarter liability end-of-end cost rates are being continuously repaired, with retail loans (cargo) rings increasing by 5.4 per cent over the two-quarter period by faster speed than paper (+3.7 per cent, qoq) and public (+0.5 per cent, qoq) and credit cards, smaller in retail lending structures with higher yields.
Micro-credit ring ratio increased by 7.6 per cent, 4.9 per cent, and the share of loans increased further. Improved asset quality indicators, resulting in a small decline in the provision coverage.
According to the last caliber, the company has a negative annual rate of production of 1.4% in the third quarter and 9bp down in the second quarter.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations The main risk to rating:
Bankers publish the third quarter of 2020, with net profits falling by 0.82% in the first three quarters of 2020. Total assets of $816 trillion grew robustly, with no interest ratio rising.
In the first three quarters of the year, a 6.60-per-cent increase was recorded, down slightly from the first half of the year (+7.27 per cent), mainly due to higher market interest rates affecting the valuation of financial assets in the transaction category and lower net gains on exchange under renminbi appreciation. But net corporate interest income and net fee performance increased by 8bp to 2.53 per cent to the single-season interest spread ring over the second quarter, which was the main factor driving the increase in net interest income.
In the wealth management business, the net revenue from fees increased by 10.70 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, further up to 28.6 per cent. The income from the wealth management business (parent caliber) increased by 45 per cent in the previous three quarters, with agent funds and trustees, respectively, exceeding market expectations and liability end-cost optimization.
The third-quarter interest differential improvement is expected to be higher than the market, and we believe that it is mainly due to the optimization of the cost of the end of the liability, and that the asset end is slowing down the three-quarter rate of return against the background of a higher yield ratio of assets, such as retail credit. According to our caliber at the end of the initial period, the third-quarter end-of-the-quarter liability end-cost ring is 13 bp below the second quarter, and the end-of-the-asset rate of return is 5 bp below the end of the second quarter.
The Division continued to strengthen cost-control of deposits in the third quarter, promoting a smooth growth of low-cost deposits. The ratio of current deposits in the previous three quarters averaged 59.74 per cent (mother ' s caliber), an increase of 0.92 percentage points from the first half of 2020. At the end of the asset, the demand for retail credit in the third quarter of a company continued to be repaired, retail loans (mother ' s caliber) increased 5.4 per cent over the second quarter, qoq more rapidly than paper (+3.7 per cent, qoq) and public exchange (+0.5 per cent).
qoq) and credit cards, micro-credit rings with higher returns in the retail lending structure increased by 7.6 per cent, 6.9 per cent and a further percentage of loans
In the case of retail loans, the rate of bad annualization is 1.4% and the rate of bad annualization is 9bp below the 2nd quarter. For different types of loans, the rate of bad parent lending is 0.83% equal to the 2nd quarter and 2bp to 1.85% below the 2nd quarter. In the case of retail credit, market concerns about poor credit card lending and interest in loan rates are 7bp, 23bp below the 2nd quarter respectively; and micro-credit and consumer-lending rates are 2bp, 13bp over the 2nd quarter.
In the first half of the year, the company increased its provision based on the principles of prudential operations, and introduced it as a domestic retail anchor bank, retail leader, retail customer base. With a sustained strong growth in revenue from wealth management operations, the first three quarters of a banker’s revenue growth rate remained robust.
In order to improve, three-quarter asset quality indicators are showing good performance. We maintain the 2020/2011 ps projection of $3.74/4.05/stock, which is more than expected for the downside of the economy, leading to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Down the line, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.