Retail banking poles, bright wealth management business hiring merchant banks as retail banking poles, retail dominance, forward-looking strategic layouts, and firm enforcement build-up of customer base, retailing positions can hardly be overtaken in the short term. We believe that recruitment is the way to operate.
Be careful and be careful, with a higher level of risk offset than their counterparts, with a stronger level of performance assurance, retail bank signposts, a bright wealth management business, a retail stick bank, a higher red rate of credit, and a higher level of confidence on the part of management. Retail layouts for recruitment are preponderant.
In the first half of 2020, retail businesses accounted for 53.1% and 53.9% of pre-tax profits, respectively, while consolidating retail advantages.
Companies promote wholesale business, financial market business and retail business linkages, and enhance the competitiveness of the company’s market. The annual bonus rate for companies rose to 33% in 2019, reflecting the performance of the company’s lightening operations and management’s confidence in the company’s future development.
As the domestic economy recovers, the contribution of retail lines is expected to increase further. The advantage of wealth management is highlighted.
The company’s net revenue from fees increased by 10.70% in the first three quarters of the year over the same period, further up to 28.6%, with a more diversified income structure of which the wealth management business income (the parent bank) is more diversified.
The previous three quarters saw a 45% increase. We believe that a more professional ability to invest in a financial subsidiary would help to improve the ability to manage, as well as to improve the consistency of customers, to continue to look after the future of the company's financial operations.
The quality of assets remains excellent, and the rate of non-performing loans is low at the level of peers. Despite an increase in poor retail operations affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, the rate of non-performing retail loans has stabilized in the last three quarters and is expected to be reduced in the future as the economy continues to improve.
The build-up rate has been maintained at the top of the industry, with a 425 per cent coverage at the end of the three seasons, a 4.79 per cent loan allocation, a solid base, a strong risk offset, and a strong supply coverage by a leading partner.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in asset quality beyond expectations, and the epidemic has repeatedly affected the conduct of the company's business.
Main rate (Billions of yuan)