29 March 2022: On March 28, the Episode Bank published its annual report for 2021.
In his 2021 message, President Lu emphasized the strategic commitment of the Brethren Bank by proposing two major strategic initiatives: “Achieving the Digital Transformation” and “Reform of the Three Lines of Organization System”; and Chairman Tao set the strategic course of the Brethren Plus Bank.
The strategic orientation of the “three business cards” was reaffirmed, pushing for a “digital transformation” and “doing well, doing well.” Together, the two leaders moved the strategic shift to deeper depths, with the booming banks or the best period of historical opportunity.
The scale expansion has stabilized, with net interest differentials or will hit the bottom. The boom bank averaged interest-bearing assets in 2021, yoy+6.5%, roughly the same as 21H1, which is already stable; the net income difference was 2.29%, down 7bp, down 3bp, down from 21H1, and although the end-of-the-debt rate was 7bp, the end-of-asset rate of return was lower than the end-of-the-year ratio.
1. Business Bank (601166), Corporate Incident Review: Core Bone 11bp, thus delaying net profit spread performance. A dry voluntary increase of close to $400 million is both confidence and determination
“The three business cards are “promotingly good, with a high number of bright spots.” 1) In the context of “investment banks”, the fpa is increasing at a rate of speed, 2. Energetic banks: performance is increasing at a higher rate, assets are of better quality, non-traditional finance is increasing at a much higher rate, investment-led deposits are increasing significantly, and subsidiaries are earning a large operating income.
Quick report on performance in 2021 is much higher than the group; (2) wealth-related operations are generally on a larger scale, private banking is gaining momentum, and the share of wealth-bank revenues is rising significantly; 3) green money financing surplus is on “green banks”
At $138.67 billion, equivalent to 16.1 per cent of the total assets in the table, they are already in the lead. The cleanness of the statements is raised and the real estate risk is manageable.
1.34%, equivalent to 22.15 billion yuan. Of this amount, the poor mortgage rate is 0.49%, the President of the Board of Directors of the \triangleright loan to public estates speaks to open up a new strategic weather; the “three business cards” are getting better and bright spots are more frequent;
Disclosure of property-related exposures and malpractices, with the report being “clearly clean”; statement by the President of the Joint \triangleright 1 Board of Directors, driven by the strategic transition; and strategic transformation of the new weather
Since he took up his duties in May 2021, the Bank of Engjin welcomed President Lui's first official annual address in 2021. In his message, Chairman Lu emphasized the consistent strategic commitment of the Bank of Enghing. He described the current strategic transformation as a “sustainable and urgent battle” and emphasized the firm side.
Strategic determination and long-term strategic patience. In addition to reiterating the business roots of the “Three Business Cards,” President Lu Tung proposed two major strategic initiatives: “Achieving Digital Transformation” and “Reforming the Three Lines of Organization System.”
Figure 1: President Lui's message in the 2021 report of the Bank of Heng, excerpt from President Lu's message: “Hold on a blueprint to the end”
“A new triangulation of the modern economy with a view to `technology-industry-finance'; a focus on `decontamination-carbon reduction-greening' eco-civilization; and a focus on `asset building-product creation-product marketing' value chain that continues to improve investment, capital management,
“Strategic transformation is a long-term battle that cannot wait, but cannot wait” “to accelerate digital transformation” “initiation of the reform of the three lines of technology, retail and corporate organization, as was done in the past.
"Today's dreamer is tomorrow's dreamer."
In a new five-year planning year, the Governor of Tao, in his 2021 message, set the strategic course for the comptoirs + investment, reaffirming the strategic positioning of the three business cards and pushing the numbers with an unprecedented focus.
The two leaders joined forces to build a bank or a period of the best historical opportunity. Figure 2: In the 2021 report of the Henging Bank, excerpted by the President Tao's message
"In 2021, we launched a new five-year development plan with a strong belief in a blueprint for the end."
“Determined to implement the `Commercial + Investments' strategy, to insist on customer ownership, business actors, investment behaviour, and to strive for systemic solutions to the complex problems behind the diversity of client demand” `Commercial + Investments' is not the middle of the line, and business specificity and differences are always evolving.
“Thirty Business Cards”, “Seeing Digital Transformation as a War of Life and Death, cuts across the realm of strategic transformation”
The two basic reverse signs are clear: the recovery rate has begun to pick up at a higher rate. Youy+8.9% in 2021.
Net interest income has recovered and other non-interest income has risen significantly. Of the business income of the booming banks in 2021, the net interest income was yoy + 1.5%, the ring +0.7pt, which was on a flat scale and net interest spreads or will hit the bottom in the same period in 2020. The booming banks generated average interest income in 2021.
Yoy+6.5%, roughly the same as 21h1, is stable; the net difference is 2.29%, a decline of 7bp compared to the same year, improving the structure of the deposits and improving the cost of the debt, or will continue to improve. With the growth of the three main ecological circles of investment, investment, and wealth, various types of integrated financial operations have been able to achieve savings in life.
In the 2021 average balance structure of bank deposits, demand deposits rose by 1.9 to 42.4 per cent over the same year, personal deposits by 0.4 to 17.8 per cent, and the traditional impression was that “term deposits were higher and “three business cards” were better off.
The three golden cards “Green Banks, Wealth Banks, Investment Banks” presented as an important strategic breakthrough in 2021, with the following highlights:
1) fpa upswings, non-traditional off-the-shelf financing ups and upswings, in late 2021, the Group ' s investment-led deposits increased significantly, the average daily balance of the investment-led statutory deposits in 2021 amounted to 3)) the subsidiary ' s operating income was significantly higher than the group ' s, and the subsidiary ' s operating income amounted to 22.50 billion yuan in 2021.
Youy+25.3 per cent (8.9 per cent growth in the group as a whole) and the co-generation effect is still increasing rapidly; The Business Card "Fortune Bank" also gives a beautiful combination of fists: 1) The wealth business has generally grown in scale, with retail sales aum reaching 2850 billion by the end of 2021.
10.4 per cent, the silver and silver platform sells the balance of wealth products to end-users 106.38 billion, yoy + 52.7 per cent; 2) private banking is growing rapidly, reaching an average of aum 742.5 billion a day in 2021, yoy + 17.2 per cent, higher than retail aum overall; private bank clients account for 58.3 million.
3) The wealth bank revenue ratio has increased significantly, from $23.39 billion in 2021 to 10.6 per cent of operating income and 0.4 per cent higher in the same year; this includes the management of the business income, agent income, and the business card To, Green Bank, which has been a significant leader: as of the end of 2021, green finance surplus
The figure is 13,867 million, equivalent to 16.1 per cent of the total assets in the table and 1.5 per cent higher by the same year; of this amount, central bank loans amounting to $45,3.9 billion, yoy +42.1 per cent, followed up with policies that will either continue to reduce the significant rate of badness in the booming banks and continue to increase the provision. In late 2021, bank failures in the booming industry were 1.1 per cent, and the ring ratio was higher.
-2bp, which has reached a new low since 2014; provision coverage of 268.7%, ring ratio + 5.7 pct, loan ratio overall overdue structure stable, with new overdue ups due mainly to credit cards. The recovery at the end of 2021 is on track and is expected to improve.
At the end of 2021, banks were at a rate of 42bp to 1.08% below 21h1. At the end of the year, they were at a rate of 42bp to 1.08%. At the same time, they were at a rate of between 13bp and 1.15% below the rate of 13bp to 1.15%.
At the end of 2021, the Episode Bank opened up to real estate with $165.3 billion in the table and $13.1 billion out of the table. Of this, mortgages accounted for 63 per cent, public loans for 19 per cent, investments in non-bid and bonds accounted for 6 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, and no credit risk.
On the basis of the negative performance rate of public real estate loans of 1.08 per cent, it has been estimated that the negative rate of the non-target and bond components combined is approximately 6.67 per cent, and the risk is manageable.
6 Investment proposals: business scenes, real estate risk cards, President of the Board of Directors address, opening up a new strategic weather; three business cards are getting better and bright spots are getting better; courageously disclose property-related exposures and bad conditions, with the statement being “clearly clean”; and the community moving forward in strategic transitions.
1. The macroeconomic situation is down: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the pace of economic growth is subject to some downward pressure, the demand for credit from the population, businesses and the expansion of the sector is weak, and credit risk exposure: a region-specific industry or part of its large clientele continues to be affected by recurring epidemics.
(c) The deterioration of operations and exposure to credit risks.3 The pace of transformation is not as fast as expected: the pace of the strategic transformation of comptoirs + investment is likely to be compromised by changes in economic development, changing customer demand, etc.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.