Shanghai Medicine (601607) Pharmaceutical biology has grown faster than expected, and the process of research and development of innovative medicines has accelerated.
Performance rating: $2021h1 achieved business income of $10.524 billion (+20.7 per cent) and net profit for the mother of $3.57 billion (+46.1 per cent). Net non-repatriation of $2.55 billion (+16 per cent) was realized; non-recurrent gains and losses were derived mainly from the one-time gain from the cash inflows from operating activities as a result of the upper drug cloud ' s health b round of financing.
In terms of costs, sales costs are 6.4 per cent (-0.6 pp), management costs 3 per cent (-0.3 pp), industry: investment in research and development is constantly increasing, and the process of research and development of innovative medicines is accelerating. The pharmaceutical industry is earning $12.6 billion.
Clinical hysteria, in addition to another new adaptive diabetic renal disease, is scheduled to be launched in China in the near future.
At the end of the first half of 2021, companies had reached 35 projects, 24 of which were clinically or marketed.
Pharmaceutical commerce: The overall agent business has added additional pounds, and the Internet has been very effective. The company’s pharmaceutical distribution industry has achieved sales revenue of $92.49 billion (+22.6%), with a Māori rate of 6.5%; the retailing of medicines has achieved sales; the firm’s leading position among China’s importers of medicines and innovative pharmaceutical services.
In the first half of the year, the company's agent of imported vaccines achieved $2.28 billion (+4.9%), mainly due to the impact of the second type of seedlings on disease control, and is expected to rebound strongly. The company's vaccine research and development company, Inc., as a lead contributor, has access to the Dowwick Biopharmaceutical.
The company has started a iii clinical trial at the global multi-centre of the new coronary vaccine. The health of the drug cloud and the health of the magnesium ring, which connects the “Internet + Medical + Drug + Risk” to the ecological seals, promotes a deep integration of the insurance and medical fields. As of 2021h1, more than 40 patient welfare projects have been introduced to the health of the magnesium, and 32 health insurance products have been added.
With over 60 million insurance policies in service, the number of participants in the scheme has reached 7.39 million, and with the arrival of the white pill, the Chinese pill plate is expected to grow rapidly. The income from the sale of the plate in the company is about one third of the total income of the industrial plate, of which more than 1.2 billion yuan in medicine (2020).
Shanghai Medicines (601607), which introduced Yunnan Pharmacy to the Operation, has seen 18% increase in sales of tablets in the company for the past six months.
In May, the company co-signed the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement for Coal and Co-operative Pharmacy 2. Shanghai Medicines (601607); q1 growth is more than expected, and innovative medicines are on the verge of harvest (2021-04-29).
Shanghai Medicine (601607): q4’s performance is accelerating recovery. Medical and general agent business is growing rapidly, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The pharmaceutical industry has re-launched (2020-10-30) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.