On 13 February, the company issued an annual report on the quality of its assets. In 2019, net profit returns increased by 13.61 per cent in comparison with the previous three quarters (by 15.47 per cent) and revenue by 18.20 per cent in comparison with the previous three quarters (by 18.80 per cent).
The risk of retailing is only a staged disturbance, and companies confirm write-off of non-performing loans in q4. The overall negative rate is 1.65%, and the decline of 3bp. is mainly due to a decline in the public bad rate. But the retail negative ratio has increased by 12bp to 1.19%, mainly on the letter.
The impact of the increase in the poor rate of consumer lending products with cards and “new loans” is due, on the one hand, to the vagaries of the consumer finance industry, which compares the Unit with the upward trend of 300 depths, and, on the other, to the adoption of the new Level 5 classification criteria for loans, which are more stringently recognized by companies.
We believe that retail credit risk is only a phased impact. Companies are responding. First, judging from the operational data of the branch that a significant amount of non-performing loans are written off, including retail line loans, companies are accelerating their risk clearance. Second, credit card lending at the end of the year has declined to 14.19 per cent, below the overall loan growth rate.
Low-risk housing loans are rising faster. In the performance of 209q4, overall poor rates are still on a downward trajectory, driven by public business, and retail poor rates are expected to stabilize in the first half of 2020 as the loan structure is adjusted, so there is no need to worry too much about the quality of assets.
The net rate difference is strong, and the savings cost improvement is higher than expected \triangleright 2019q4 season net rate spreads equal to 2.62%.
This is largely due to the concurrent decline in the cost of deposits and inter-employee liabilities. The cost of deposits is higher than expected. The cost of deposits does not reverse when the double-digit value of assets and liabilities expands at the same rate.
Companies have also strengthened marketing in government finance and trading banks. This year, they have benefited from corporate and corporate business linkages, and private firms are expected to have greater scope for public business.
Peacebank (000001): High profit growth, increased pressure on retail end-of-debt costs and reduced demand for loans, responsible for research on the direction of the banking, non-banking sector.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.