Quote: Peace in China is our long-serving champion of insurance, and Peace Bank is our priority retail bank since 2019.
New Precious, the success of the Bank’s retail transition over the past three years will depend on the Group’s resources, and the company’s literal rating of the Bank in 2020 may have enriched this scarce “composite financial synergy.” China’s recent 2019 report is safe, and through the Group’s annual report, we have tapped the resources that support the Bank’s further spectacular upgrading.
▪ How do you understand that the Bank of Peace is the engine of group business? For the first time, the annual report discloses that the size of the group’s portfolio, promoted by the bank, has increased by more than 1.4 times, supplying assets for venture capital, and also settling low-cost liabilities for the bank.
For the first time, the annual report revealed performance, with the model promoting a growth in the scale of financing of more than 1.4 to 29,67.42 million yuan, with banks pushing the size of $25,137.6 billion, which means that subsidiaries such as the Safe Banks Group, under the banner of insurance/trust/securities/rents, provide a package of financial services to enterprises (including, but not limited to, credit/insurance claims schemes/non-bid/bond underwriting/equity investments, etc.), which is the so-called “business”
From the point of view of indirect financing in combination with direct financing, the company’s strategic investment in large businesses, such as Kyoyota, Yangtze, Huaxia, and Kim Mau’s holdings (and many other strategic equity investments that are not listed as joint ventures, such as Beguio Park, etc.) will also be brought to the bank’s attention.
We look very much at this group-wide financial model, which envisages that banks will make a breakthrough in their public operations through a large number of integrated financing projects.
Not only does it boost public loans, but it is also possible to deposit large amounts of non-bank-financed project funds in bank accounts (driven by testing), which is very beneficial for banks to raise their demand deposits. We have always considered low-cost liabilities to be the core characteristic of high-quality banks (the cost of attracting 2019h1 liabilities is as low as 1.89%), while the current cost of Sake’s liabilities (2.69%) is constrained by the high cost of such liabilities.
Asset-end risk preferences, hence the recovery of public operations and the depositing of deposits and the reduction of the cost of indebtedness, were the most central focus in 2020. The Group’s 200 million clients were retail banks’ most valuable assets, the Integrated Financial Contribution Bank issued 34.1% of credit cards and the Bank’s new 61.3%.
The most valuable asset of sedentary, with the Group ' s clients breaking 200 million by the end of 2019, was distributed mainly on business panels such as life insurance/car insurance/bank retail/credit card/symbol trust, which also led to 9,708 million retail customers at the Bank of Peace, which increased significantly from 31% of the group ' s main clients three years ago to the current 48%. More importantly, retail consolidated finance was coordinated.
As we can see, the number of clients with multiple subsidiary contracts within the group has been increasing, leading to an increase in the number of average contracts and the average profit contribution of customers. Annually, the ratings: for public recovery, the debt has changed.
In 2019, 34.1 per cent of bank credit cards, 61.3 per cent of new consumer loans, 34.9 per cent of new car loans came from the Group ' s Ideas and the quality of the business assets was significantly better, and the Group ' s contribution to the Bank ' s retail operations remained “high in size, high in proportion, high in quality”.
Quick Annual Performance Report: Proactively raised revenue (we all know that the safe insurance agent can sell more than 10 safe group products and services).
In the area of wealth management and private banking, high-value clients such as Group Insurance/Trusts/Systems are also gathering in Peace Bank. In 2018, the Trust's Quality Sales Team was integrated into the private sector, and in 2019 the number of bank wealth clients grew by 31.7%.
To 779.3 million households, of which 41.1 per cent were contributed through the integrated financial model; from the perspective of retail bank customers aum, the net increase in the contribution of single-quarter profits innovation was $218,368 million, or 38.6 per cent of the total growth of banks (565.9 billion).
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that the Bank for Peace will benefit fully in the long term from the Group Retail and Group Integrated Financial Strategy, expect that public loans will continue to grow and settle deposits in 2020, reduce the cost of indebtedness, and be largely focused on maintaining priorities. First, retail customer resources are safe and most valuable, and integrated financial cross-marketing is the central competitive advantage.
Client resources are the most valuable asset accumulated in the course of retail financial development for more than 30 years, with the number of clients in late 2019 exceeding 200 million (after weight off) and distributed mainly to business panels such as life insurance, car insurance, bank retailing, credit cards, securities funds trusts.
In the past two years, the decline in growth has been due, on the one hand, to continued high growth in insurance, and, on the other hand, to the fact that banks, credit cards and retail loans, have taken the initiative to slow growth for risk-control reasons. We believe that the adjustment of insurance demand is partial, that there is still a high growth space for banks’ retail operations, and that the two core players will jointly drive the group total in the future.
More importantly, the integrated financial coordination of the Peace Group, which provides a bridge between clients' access to services between the different sub-blocks within the Group, is, on the basis of extensive research, considered to be very scarce in China's financial blocs, requiring top-down strategic direction, efficient enforcement, reasonable incentive systems and distribution of benefits, and matching.
Strong marketing capacity (in practice, coordination within most financial firms is difficult). So we can see that the number of clients holding multiple subsidiary contracts within the group has been increasing, leading to an increase in the contribution of average client contracts and average customer profits, and so-called customer value creation through cross-fertilization of resources among line sales personnel.
From a banking perspective, the current size of retail customers disclosed by Safe Banks has increased significantly from 31% of the group ' s total number of dehuggers three years ago to the current 48%, and since 2017 the bank ' s retail transition has resulted in a large number of credit cards, retail loans, and wealth management clients, fully absorbing the group ' s customer resources.
In the same industry, there is still much room for growth in the total number of clients of the Safe Banks. Second, the Group’s attraction to bank retail loans/credit cards/contribution management has always been high in size + high in proportion to the expansion of the Bank’s retail operations, with its integrated financial channels contributing a significant amount of high-quality customer resources, 2019.
Every year, 34.1% of bank credit cards, 61.3% of new consumer loans, 34.9% of new car loans, and even retail customer promotion also help to raise the agent’s earnings (we all know that the safety insurance agent is able to sell the products and services of the Ten-Five Peace Group). On the contrary, the safety bank sells evenly through the silver insurance channel.
Insurance products, which helped to boost the increase in premiums while also earning a median gain, increased the net non-interest income by 13.2 per cent to $2.789 billion in 2019, the wealth management of retail banks and the private banking sector, the safety group insurance/trust/securities, etc.
High-value clients of the plate are gathering together to secure banks. For example, in 2018, the Pilgming Bank private sector was a classic synergy that led to a high growth in the number of wealth management clients. Observing the Bank's exposure, the number of wealth clients grew by 31.7% to 779.3 million in 2019, including through the Mgm model.
With 41.1 per cent of contributions, the IFM contribution has increased by $21,368 million from the perspective of bank retail customer management assets aum, accounting for 38.6 per cent of the total bank growth ($5,559.9 billion).
How do we understand that "Peacebanks are the engine of corporate business?" The group-integrated financial model is a central strategy for business safety, or integrated finance, or resource solidarity! The annual report of the group of 2019 revealed for the first time the group-wide financial performance, and we saw a financing surge of more than 1.4 to 29,67.42 billion yuan, driven by the group-integrated financial model.
Of this amount, banks promoted $251.376 billion, which means that subsidiaries such as the Bank of Peace promoted insurance, trusts, securities, leasing, etc., provide a package of financial services to business clients (including but not limited to credit, insurance claims investment schemes, non-price, bond underwriting and investment, equity investment, etc.), which is the so-called “bank + investment” model for public operations.
From the point of view of the synergy between indirect financing and direct financing, the company’s strategic investment in a number of leading firms, such as infrastructure and real estate, can also generate a rich customer and business resource for the bank. We see the group’s strategic holdings in 2019.
Enterprises such as Kyung Gao, Yangtze, Huaxia, Happiness, Kim Mau, etc. (and a number of strategic equity investments that are not associated, such as Beguio Park), the complex financing needs of these large enterprises (large loans/debts/refinancing/merger and re-purchase restructuring, etc.) and their supply chains are potential business resources for banks.
We appreciate this group-wide financial model, which both enhances the bank’s customer service experience, fosters customer stickyness, and brings incremental business to the groups. As with retail finance, the difficulty of group-based finance is that it is shaped by a mechanism for strategic follow-up and evaluation, a problem that has been solved by the Peace Group.
IV. What value is it expected to generate for a safe bank in 2020 through the “upgrading” of corporate deposits and the reduction of the cost of indebtedness? We believe it is vital to the end of the debt. The still-high cost of the bank’s liabilities constrains asset-end risk preferences, while depositing low-cost demand deposits and controls.
Debt costs are a natural feature of a good bank. The net interest spread of the Peace Bank reached 2.62% in 2019, but the cost of the liability also reached 2.69%, which is high in the equity bank, while the interest-bearing liability of retail bank stickers is as low as 1.89%.
The size not only boosts demand deposits for public loans, but also deposits large amounts of non-bank-financed funds in bank accounts (as long as an appraisal mechanism is put in place), which is very beneficial for bank-to-public deposits. So, for public operations to recover and settle deposits, and reduce the cost of indebtedness, it is at the heart of a safe bank in 2020.
In fact, in the first ten quarters since the beginning of the 2019q4 S.A. Bank's public operations, there has been a marked increase in public loans for the first time since the end of the 2019 season, with a significant increase of 12.1 to 87,081 million yuan in the general business loan portfolio, and a four-quarter increase in public and retail loans for the first time since 10 consecutive quarters.
At a point, this also led to a 7 per cent increase in the public deposit ring ratio (details refer to our previous report, The Bank of Peace: The Annual Report 2019 - Recovering Public Recovery, Improved Debts, and High Net Divides). V. Science and technology empowerment, a common strategic approach between the Group and the Bank, has been successful in the banking sector.
“Technology and technology finance, eco-finance, and eco-finance” is one of the core business strategies of the Peace Group. And “Technology and technology leadership” is one of the central approaches of the Bank.
Micro-business process optimization, financial and management process optimization, and credit-winding approvals have been very effective in their application. As can be seen from the resumption of the epidemic, the Peace Group and the banking system have responded quickly, and have quickly achieved 100% of long-distance reinstatements, hand-held pocket banks, and pocket financial transactions are active.
VI. INVESTMENT PROPOSALS: The basics of the Safe Bank in 2020 will continue to be up, with a focus on China ' s promotion of life-risk business reforms in the second half of 2019, and the agents are still in the process of “leaving clean”, taking into account the current external market environment (the epidemic significantly affects the insurance agent ' s opening), which is expected to be protected in the short term
Price growth is under pressure, but it is still a long-term focus on the development of retail finance at the head of insurance. The Bank of Peace’s 2019 retail transition was impressive, with a sharp increase in market value, taking into account the recovery of the Bank’s public business in 2020, the settling of demand deposits, and the control of debt costs, while retail operations continued to stabilize under the integrated financial model.
Step-by-step growth (which is expected to stabilize the ratio of retail to public business by about 60% to 40% after the public recovery), we believe that the basics of the Peace Bank continue to be up and have a more significant investment value at the current point. 1) Pneumonia shock macroeconomics and asset quality pressure;
2) Non-performing loan rate in retail business: 3) Unexpected growth in public business. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities