Yearly assessment of the Bank of Peace: consolidation of asset quality, future development of savings Events: annual report of the Bank of Peace, $13,798.8 million in operating income achieved in 2019, high rate of growth in revenue collection, and more stringent confirmation that the four-quarter net profit returns
The year 2019 saw a growth rate of 18.2 per cent in the same year, with a 13.6 per cent increase in the same year ' s net return to the mother, and a higher rate of growth and a robust interest rate throughout the year. In the fourth quarter, all loans that were more than 60 days overdue were classified as bad, and the reduction rate increased, affecting the full four-quarter rate of net profit growth.
In 2019, retail finance increased by 5 percentage points, with a net profit of 69.1% compared to the previous year’s assets.
The rapid growth of high-end clients has benefited from the integration of the Peace Trust team as a whole, as well as the enhancement of the capacity for integrated services.
Retail-to-public co-ordinated development of public power.
Report: The quality of assets is stable, performance remains stable, and strategies for coordinated development are moving forward. Capital adequacy has increased, laying the foundation for future development.
Twenty billion transhipments, 20 billion second-tier capital debt, and 20 billion long-term debt. First, after capital replenishment, the capital adequacy rate at the core level of the Bank of Peace reached 9.11 per cent by the end of 2019, an increase of 0.57 percentage points from the end of the previous year. The capital adequacy rate was 13.22 per cent, compared to the end of the previous year.
Digitalization is one of the advantages of security. In this particular period of the fight against the epidemic, confidence in peace can also make a difference, using online operations as a means of ensuring strictness and strengthening the reporting base. At the end of 2019, the rate of non-performing bank loans was reduced.
1.65%, or 0.1 percentage points less than at the end of the previous year. Among these, the rate of poor lending by enterprises is higher than at the end of the previous year and is more closely related to poor recognition, in addition to industry factors.
A provision of 183.12 per cent has been made to further increase security margins.
(a) Increase speed and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report