For a public recovery, improved indebtedness, strong net interest differentials — profit projections and investment ratings: At the heart of the annual report of the Bank of Peace is a proactive approach to asset quality indicators and a recovery in public operations, looking forward in 2020 to continued high growth in public lending and the depositing of deposits and debt costs, a recent revaluation of valuations, and the maintenance of focus recommendations.
▪ Why did the four-quarters voluntary profit contraction and the negative balance ring increase 2.1 billion more than the three-quarters reflect asset quality? 1) The company ' s four-quarters single-season profit growth dropped significantly to 4.9 per cent and the annual profit growth rate and the roae to 13.6 per cent and 11.3 per cent, respectively, but the fact that the pop still grew by 19.5 per cent, means that the bulk of the four-quarter provision is delaying profit growth,
However, the high cost of credit is not due to the deterioration in the quality of the assets, but rather to the fact that the company has fully incorporated the loan over 60 days overdue into the bad caliber, so we see an increase of $2.1 billion in the negative balance ring over the third quarter (the negative rate is lower by 3bp because, internationally, it's just more financially, counting the non-performing loans, taking advantage of the 2019 loan expansion and the high-profit growth window.
3) In this context, the observation of overdue loans will more accurately reflect the quality of the assets, the balance and overall “double drop” in the balance and share of loans over 90 days overdue in 2019. At the same time, for the first time in 10 quarters of public loans, the first significant increase in the recovery of public operations and the stabilization of the cost of indebtedness was the core point in 2020.
1) The market has been looking forward to a revival of public operations since the third quarter of a company's tradable equity broke its capital constraints, and the launch of the fourth quarter of a public loan accelerated, and the Sino-Safe Bank's strategy of “finishing the public” began to work. The general business loan balance grew significantly by 12.1% to $871.8 billion in the third quarter at the end of 2019, while the four-quarter increase in general lending accounted for half of the public and retail sales each before.
This was the first significant turn-off for public loans in 10 consecutive quarters. We stressed that the central focus of the company base in 2020 was to boost the recovery of public operations and to settle deposits, reduce the cost of indebtedness, and four quarters, which, according to the beginning of the period, will require continued attention to the sedimentation of public life deposits and the cost of indebtedness.
Quick annual performance rating: active transfer 2) retail operations, with four quarters of the main increase in licensed mortgages attributable to consumer finance with a significant increase in size compared to the beginning of the year, with a start-on impact on the recovery of public operations
Between 65% and 21,1695 million, such products are safer than new loans and automobile finance, reflecting a lower risk preference for retail operations, and also indicating that retail transition has always been a central strategic direction for safe banks, with the vision of building the best retail banks never changed. The four-quarter interest spreads have been stable, thanks to the downside of the cost of indebtedness, and are expected to outperform their counterparts in 2020.
Three-quarter reviews: Roe continues to go up. 1) The company maintains a high four-quarter net interest margin of 2.62 per cent, which is equal to the three-quarter round, mainly as a result of the interest-bearing liability cost ring, which is higher than the one-quarter profit innovation. 2019-10-22
Lines 7bp to 2.55%, of which the cost of deposits is down by 8bp to 2.4% compared to the accelerated release of public loans in the fourth quarter, resulting in cheaper deposit liabilities, while the cost of most of the industry ' s fourth quarter liabilities is still under upward pressure. At the end of the year, the rate of return is rated: the core indicators are comprehensive.
2) In 2020, considering the overall application of lpr to stock loans and the policy orientation of lower interest rates in support of the real economy, the banking sector is generally under pressure to maintain a low net interest rate gap, but the Bank of Peace is expected to continue to maintain a high net interest margin, and we judge the volatility to be significantly lower than that of our counterparts. On the one hand, while the company has accelerated public lending in the fourth quarter, the credit asset end still has a higher return.
Retail loans remained at 58.4 per cent at the end of 2019; on the other hand, the company’s original debt cost was higher, resulting in a stable net interest margin through the recovery of public operations, public demand deposits and debt reduction costs.