The company's net return profit increased by 13.61 per cent in 2019 (a 15.47 per cent increase in the previous three quarters) and the income from the same revenue.
18.20 per cent increase (18.80 per cent increase in the first three quarters). Annually weighted roe 11.30 per cent decrease in profit in the first three quarters is due to active consolidation of asset quality \triangleright
The company q4 recognizes and disposes of non-performing loans, solidifies the quality of the assets, and absorbs the risk load of the stock.
\triangleright removes the effect of the changes in the provision, and we observe the ppps and the harvests. Appops are up to 19.51% of the year's year-on-year growth rate. Camps are up by 18.20%, which is almost the same as the previous three quarters. We measure a single-season net difference at the same level.
q3. The profitability indicators are robust. At the same time, the company q4 was able to invest in public and retail loans a quarter ahead of schedule with capital expansion supplemented by swaps to equity. Loans increased from 11.92% at the end of q3 to 16.30% at the end of q4.
Growth. q4 repairs to the rate of increase in public-release lending send a positive signal for public-business transformation. Public-lending versus centralized stock-risk lending, although changing the pace of profit release in the short term, is beneficial in the long term for companies to act lightly on the path of transformation and do not affect judgement on the company’s long-term fundamentals.
Re-expanding operations are expected to be driven by synergies between public and private operations, driving the transformation of retail operations from past consumption to wealth management. During the wave of re-entry, companies have already taken a step forward in the layout. As of the end of q3 in 2019, sales aum increased by 42.58%, ranking among the top listed banks.
1 day of approval for the establishment of the finance subsidiary, with retail aum growth gaining new hands, higher retail aum up at 1. Safe bank (00001): high profit growth, retail lending driving performance, net interest spreads better than positive
Research on the direction of the banking and non-banking industries. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and data used to ensure reporting is derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,