Loans are growing rapidly, and the poor perception is tightening, benefiting from capital replenishment, further expansion of the company's size in the fourth quarter, savings and loans are now growing rapidly, and the rate of growth is expected to be at the top of the stock line.
The growth of major battalion revenues has remained strong and the provision has been strengthened
About 0.5 percentage points above. We believe that an increase in the four-quarter provision is an important factor in the net profit performance of the company, the credit and other asset impairment losses that the company has been planning throughout the year.
The benefits of capital replenishment, further expansion of the size of the company in the fourth quarter, and the size of the asset also reflect a preliminary indication of the effectiveness of public strategies, but in the context of continuing downward pressure on the economy, attention needs to be paid to changes in the quality of public business assets.
In the context of the increased level of negative perceptions, which are more than 90 days overdue, we believe that the tightening of negative perceptions is the main factor that has led to a decline in the provision coverage. If the effects of bad findings are removed, it can be seen that companies are more than 90 days late in lending.
This is an increase of 63 percentage points to 223 per cent from the end of 2018, reflecting the company's further appreciation of the impact of stock floating loan benchmark swaps on interest differentials, as well as our small downward adjustment to the Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in the quality of assets beyond expectations.
Inventive forest yoy/+6.2%, qoq. of which loans (+16.3% yoy/+8.0% qoq) and deposits (+14.5% yoy/+6.3% qoq), operating income and growth in the main camp have remained strong and provision has increased
In 2019, the Bank increased net profits by 13.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down 1.9 percentage points from the previous three quarters (15.5 per cent), but the firm's profitability remained strong, rising by 18.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down by 0.6 percentage points on a three-quarter basis; the profit increase before the provision was about 19.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, up from about 0.5 percentage points on the previous three quarters.
The four-quarter growth in size, the rapid increase in loan deposits, the company's strategy of “best for the public”, the focus on strategic clients and micro-clients, and the four-quarter growth in public credit also reflect a preliminary indication of public strategic effectiveness, and we believe that the future synergies between corporate and corporate integrated financial platforms are to be expected, but that there is downward pressure on the economy.
In a continuing context, attention needs to be paid to changes in the quality of corporate assets in public business. As a result of an increase in credit delivery in four quarters, the public sector has been able to increase its deposits in four quarters by 14.5 per cent and 6.36 per cent, respectively, compared to the ring.
The 4-quarter non-performing loan rate was 1.65 per cent, a decrease of 3 bp from the end of the 3-quarter period; the company’s 4-quarter negative growth rate was not yet possible owing to the lack of data on write-offs, etc. The company’s negative perception was further tightened, with loans/deficit overdue by more than 90 days being 82 per cent, and a decline from the end of 2018.15 The negative perception was considered to be a major factor in the decline in the coverage of the provision.
More than 90 days of loans, with an increase of 63 percentage points to 223 per cent in the coverage of these overdue loans compared to the end of 2018, reflect further consolidation of the company’s base. Benefiting from capital replenishment, the company’s four-quarter expansion has increased further, and deposits and loans have grown rapidly and are projected to grow faster.
In terms of asset quality, companies have taken the initiative to adjust their public operations, their stock packages have been reduced, and companies have been misconstrued to be strict and have included all loans that are more than 60 days overdue. Given the impact of stock floating loan benchmark swaps on interest spreads, our economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Observing economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.