14/01 2020: Peace Bank issued a 2019 performance report, generating business income of $13,795,558 million, an increase of 18.2 per cent.
The net profit of the company’s shareholders is $28,195 million, an increase of 13.6% over the same period, corresponding to an eps of $1.54/share; late loans at the end of the period include a bad asset caliber for real asset quality in order to open up public business by 2020. We look forward to the deposit of deposits in public recovery, and to the reduction of the cost of indebtedness in 2020, which will continue to be included as the first share in the bank block.
Smooth (possibly due to the fact that the contribution of the four-quarter incremental credit was not fully reflected), the pop lift of 0.5 pct (i.e., 20.9 per cent increase in the fourth quarter) means that the cost income is slightly better. 2) The net profit increase is influenced by the three-quarterly report 15.5 per cent, which provides for the active plus of 11.3 per cent of the year, compared to the three-quarter loop line of 1.34 pct, which is the same ratio.
The reduction of 19bp (the impact of pre-debtable-to-equity capital replenishment on roae throughout the year) and the full inclusion of loans more than 60 days overdue, with real asset quality paving the way for a public business recovery in 2020. Most importantly, in order to accelerate the process of digesting the asset quality burden so that companies can become more proactive in public business by 2020,
In the fourth quarter, more than 60 days of overdue loans were also fully included in the bad asset calibre, pushing for more than 60 days of deviations, which was significantly reduced to 96 per cent compared with 110 per cent at the beginning of the year (we had already pre-judged and complied with the regulatory guidelines in the three-quarters), and three-quarters of the year: Roe continued to move forward.
The above provision covers 183 per cent and 223 per cent respectively, the former slightly reduced but remained stable after the negative perception of tightening, and the latter significantly increased 9 pct over the three-quarter period.  The recovery in public operations has been beginning to bear fruit, with the first significant increase in public lending and boosting the increase in deposits since the tenth quarter.
Mid-year review: The core indicators show a complete improvement of 10 per cent over the three-quarter ring balance of corporate public loans (including discounts) at the end of the year, with 50 per cent each in incremental general loans and retail sales.
After three quarters of capital replenishment, the Bank of Peace’s strategy of “better to the public” will begin to work. We stress that the central focus of the company’s fundamentals in 2020 was to boost and sank public operations and reduce the cost of debt, while the data for the fourth quarter is already in the air. With regard to deposits, there has also been a significant 7% increase in public deposits, but regular deposits have been made.
Lending remains the main driving force, continuing after the first three quarters of managing risk and controlling the acceleration. It needs to be emphasized that retail transition has always been the central strategic direction of the safe bank, and that the vision of building the best retail bank has never changed.
New Soochowsecurities East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board