The company’s earnings and net profits continued to grow rapidly in the first half of the year, and the interest-rate gap increased further in the second quarter. At the same time, the firm’s liabilities continued to be relatively competitive, with deposits growing at a low cost and at a rapid rate in the first half of the year.
The rapid growth of liabilities has also led to a rapid increase in the size of assets, with asset size rising separately from the same ring, and a sharp and steady increase in profit growth. In the first half of the year, Chengdu banks increased their net profits by 28.5 per cent over the same period.
Interest income grew well, by 26.7 per cent over the same period, up 9.5 percentage points further than in the first quarter. We believe that the positive performance of net interest income in companies in the first half of the year was mainly due to the continuation of interest-bearing assets with a debt-side advantage and a rapid increase in asset size.
Under the circumstances, the stocking capacity continued to perform well, with deposits increasing by 21 per cent over the same period and growing rapidly at the end by the second quarter. The total assets of Chengdu banks increased by 25 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year and by 4 per cent over the second quarter.
The trend towards improved asset quality continues, with the upward trend towards improved asset quality at the end of the two-quarters, with an adverse rate of 1.61% and an improvement of 7bp. We measure the deterioration of asset quality as a result of the downside of the economy in the second quarter of the company.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations and, taking into account the company's sub-registry, there is a pressure to de-barter and maintain a neutral rating.
The growth of profit is bright and the gap is rising.
The net profits of Chengdu Bank increased by 28.5 per cent in the first half of the year and 40.8 per cent in the previous half of the year before the provision, operating income increased by 31.9 per cent in the same year and by 8.3 percentage points more than in the quarter. This was mainly due to the good performance of net interest income growth, which increased by 26.7 per cent in the same year, a further increase of 9.5 percentage points (vs2018q1, +17.2 per cent yoy) over the quarter, and the continuing adjustment of the net revenue from commission fees in the context of tight regulations, which continued to be protected.
The positive performance was mainly due to the rapid growth of interest-bearing assets, the increase in the total interest-bearing asset size and the growth in the ring ratio by the end of the second quarter, which, with the overall first half-year net difference at a flat level, improved from one quarter to one quarter, which we increased by 17 bp to 4.30 per cent on the basis of the caliber of the end-of-period balance, while the end-of-the-cycle advantage of the liability continued, with only 3 bp above the cost of the liability.
In the first half of the year, when there was a strong competition for deposits, Chengdu banks continued to perform well. By the second quarter, deposits had increased by 21 per cent over the previous quarter, by 9 per cent over the first quarter, by 8 per cent over the first quarter, and by 2.94 percentage points to 77.5 per cent over the end of the debt, while companies had grown rapidly. The total assets of Chengdu banks had increased by 25 per cent over the first half of the year and by 4 per cent over the second quarter.
The equity investment also continues to grow at a faster rate,2 with a continuous trend of improvement in asset quality, with adequate provision, and a continuing trend of improvement in capital bank asset quality, with an adverse rate of 1.61 per cent at the end of the two quarters and an improvement in ring 7bp. We measure the company ' s 2-quarter list.
The rate of negative annualization was 0.52%, the ring was 1.32pct lower than the one quarter, the corporate interest class loan was 2.46% in the second quarter, and the round was 2.46% in the first half of the year, with revenue and net profits growing at a fast pace and a further two-quarter spread. At the same time, the corporate liability side continued to be more competitive, with low-cost and rapid increases in deposits in the first half of the year, a further increase in the ratio.
In terms of asset quality, the indicators indicate that the company’s assets are being released from restraint and that there is pressure to release them. In addition, the Chengdu bank’s profit base was low in the first half of 17 years, with net profits growing at 17 levels in the second half of the year and net profits increasing at around 21% for the year, maintaining a neutral rating.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy. 2 Financial regulation is highly predictable. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, full coverage of banking and off-the-shelf operations has been achieved, industry growth has slowed, and the “deleveraging” process has accelerated.
To improve the effectiveness of regulation, various regulatory rules are expected to accelerate the landing. If strict regulation is more than expected, industry’s business development may be limited, thus affecting the rate of net profit growth.