Arithmetic business growth, domestic operator phase of business stress Communications (000063.sz) 30/10/2025
• Arithmetic business has grown significantly, chip + whole +ai has become competitive, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The company issued its third quarterly report in 2025, generating $10.520 billion in revenues in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of 11.63 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $5.32 billion, mainly due to pressure from domestic operators.
The international business market has seen an increase in revenue, with government and business revenues increasing by 130% on the same date, and net profit of $264 million on the non-mother ' s profit. Companies have accelerated their breakthroughs in the domestic smart-counting market, the market of operators has continued to raise the share of overseas cities, and given the decline in investment in domestic operators ' communications infrastructure, we have revised it downwards by 2025 and maintained it.
With landings and continued building of arithmetic capacity, we see a long-term development of the second curve, maintaining the "buy-in" rating. Quality intelligence servers and data centre products maintain a high rate of growth, release soybean ai+nubian new machines, split up to 50% of the total revenues of the company's network plate in the first three quarters of 2025, and the company continues to grow deep.
Technologies such as the one-size-fits-all and the one-size-fits-all technology, 5g-a commercialization and continuous push for 6g evolution; arithmetic plates, 180 per cent increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis and 25 per cent increase in total revenue, with servers and storage increasing by 250 per cent, according to a 120 per cent increase in central product and corporate intelligence servers entering the home countries of bbat, Kyoto, USA, etc.
Many Internet and financial head companies have deepened their cooperation overseas to achieve commercial size, the data centres have received a number of core nodes in the country and have actively expanded overseas markets such as Latin America, North Africa and Central Asia; families and personal boards account for 25 per cent of the total, while the number of personal business businesses has increased double-digitally, with mobile phones abroad growing by more than 25 per cent over the same period.
The company publishes new machines such as the Red Demon 11pro series, Nubian z80ultra, and the deep integrated soybeans bunai model.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company spent 17,814 million yuan on R & D, representing 17.72 per cent of the total, self-researched dpu cores, assisted national production super-node breakdowns - corporate information, and large-scale high-performance interconnectivity of the national product gpucards, and self-research for large-scale ai capacity.
The new report, 2025.8.30, based on the change of chips, introduced a training and reasoning ortho-node system, which supports the mega-size intelligence cluster of 10,000 and 100,000 calories, and the aicubedeepseek intelligence machine has landed in a number of industries.
"Observation of Wisdom Supernode Servers."