Innovative thinking, glazing glass, leading the future.
Fortune glass has been in existence for more than 30 years, deep-ploughing the auto glass industry. The company ' s domestic market and overseas market, which in 2019 earned 49.06% of the revenue from offshore operations. As a leader in the automotive industry, the company has over 65% of the domestic car glass market, and about 25% of the international market; and provides a full range of well-known domestic and international car brands, such as Bentley and Benz.
Management, which keeps the Māori ratio at a high level from year to year for growing efficiency gains up and down.
The company’s new growth point in the future is mainly in: 1) car skyscrapers: car skyscrapers are large and produce value-added. Benefiting from their design advantages, higher penetration of car skyscrapers will further increase the prices of corporate products.
2) Aluminium apparel market: A company has developed the chain of aluminium apparel industry in depth through acquisition, accelerating the transition from traditional parts and components to a full-fledged smart glass solution. At the same time, aluminium apparel has a high degree of synergy with the Fulbright industry. 3) Pulse glass market: the global production of photovoltile components is growing rapidly, and photovoltaic glass is an indispensable component of the photovoltaic component.
With its technological and capital power, it can quickly enter into a new energy vehicle that leads to a revolution, the industry is re-emerged, the automobile industry is undergoing a revolution in electric intelligence, and new energy cars are growing rapidly and are expected to keep growing.
At the same time, the concept of smart driving is fast-tracked, Foyo is pre-positioning high-value-added products such as smart light glass, ar-hud, and the product’s pre-emptive advantage will bring new growth points to the company’s business.
Fukuyo, a leading global car glass company, has benefited from higher levels of skylight glass penetration, an intelligent carbide-led increase in unit prices, and a deep industrial integration drive the co-development of aluminium accessories and bobble business. The country’s overseas dual-market performance is expected to maintain a low-intensity control of the overseas epidemic, a lower-than-expected industry climate, and a lower-than-expected glass penetration rate.
1 focuses on car glass manufacturing, industry is a strong leader in a global business strategy, with high-quality clients spread around the world.
The company was established in 1987 in Fuzhou, China, and was listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1993 and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2015, forming a “a+h” model that combines two major capital platforms, both within and outside China.
As of 2021q3, the company's actual controlling man, Mr. Cao DeWang, has a direct and indirect combined ownership of 15.58% of the company's shares by holding 100% of the company's shareholdings and 0.01% of Hong Kong's stockholdings. The company's top 10 shares are increasing their investment in research and development, driven by innovation, and constantly pushing for product structural upgrading through intelligent manufacturing.
Promoting car glass towards safety and comfort, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly, intelligent integration, with high-value-added products such as panorama windows, plating, high-light, up-and-up displays continuously rising and more competitive in the same industry. Corporate R & D and technology skills create brand names, brand names, and enable products to be competitive.
Figure 3: Corporate R & D inputs 2010 - 2019. Companies adhere to a globalized business model. After more than 30 years of development, the Foyo Group has set up a strategic development path for globalization and has established modern production bases in 16 provinces and cities in China, as well as in 11 countries and territories, including the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan, and the Republic of Korea.
Local and commercial institutions and the establishment of six design centres in Central America and Germany, with approximately 27,000 employees worldwide, designed to provide their clients with globalized R & D, design, manufacture, distribution and after-sales.
In the context of a globalized business strategy, the company’s overseas operating income has grown rapidly, accounting for nearly 50% of the total. The glass has created branches or factories in countries or regions like the United States, Europe, Russia, Russia, etc., thereby facilitating operations in overseas areas, significantly reducing the cost of transporting and preserving products. The company’s overseas operating income has increased from 3,331 million yuan in 2012 to 10,188 million yuan in 2019.
The company's main service is high quality, and high-end automobile brands have a large number of customers. Fukuyo products are certified and selected by the world's leading automobile manufacturers and major car manufacturers. The company provides brands such as Benly, Benz, BMW, Ody, General, Toyota, the general public, Ford, Clay Sler, Helium, Honda, modernity, Fiat, Volvo, Lugger, and the world's leading car manufacturers in China.
Figure 7: Corporate main customers, whether domestic or global, have a monopoly on the car glass market. The car glass market is full of cars.
Accompanied markets, which represent an increase, determined by automobile sales, and a stock, determined by vehicle holdings and the frequency with which car glass is updated. Accompanied markets account for more than 82% of car glass sales.
Big, according to company announcements, the year 2020 saw the figure of glass in the domestic market in excess of 65%. Xuziko, San Gobán, Sinibo, Slate Nitro, Shanghai Yim, together account for about 30%. Out of the top 10 domestic companies, the sales of glass were 36.51%, and ranked first, with 15.17% operating profit.
The world market has the second largest share of glass. In the global market, the top four car glass manufacturers are Xia, Xia, Xia, Panti and San Goban, which together account for more than 80% of global sales. According to the company network, the share of glass global markets in 2020 was 25%, followed by Xinzi.
In the European region, Xinazin serves mainly customers in the United States, Japan, and China, while Fukuyo focuses on the top five of China and the United States. Apart from car glass, chambers of commerce offer floating glass, flat glass, building glass, etc., the greatest concentration is found in car glass, according to the annual reports of major companies in 2019.
In 2019, the net interest rate on the sale of Fry Glass was 13.73%, with only a second degree of concentration, as demonstrated by the high concentration of Fry Glass in the area of car glass.
27.31 per cent of Sini Glass, with a significant lead in San Goban and Japanese titanium; 37.46 per cent of Māori sales, leading the industry, 36.19 per cent, 24.15 per cent and 25.50 per cent respectively, of Sini-Ghobang, Japan-Svani-Nin and San Goban; 62.64 per cent of sales costs, which are better than Tsin-Glass, 63.81 per cent, Japanese-Spank nitrate, 75.85 per cent, San Goban 74.50 per cent; and 13.95 per cent of Roe, which is also second only to Sini-Ghoban, which is a large glass.
The company's business income has been growing steadily, and the net return is expected to continue to grow.
There has been a steady increase, from 754 million yuan to 21,104 million yuan between 2000 and 2019, with a capr at 19.17 per cent. Since 2009, in addition to the country ' s macro-regulation in 2011, the withdrawal of incentives for car consumption, the limited purchase of some urban cars and the growth in the domestic automobile industry in 2019, the new company automobile apparel business in the consolidation period, and the imposition by the United States of customs duties on part of China ' s imports.
With high profitability, product intelligence has led to an upscaling of the Volcano, which is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in the Māori ratio. Since 2000, the company ' s gross profit, which is 18.90%, has remained high and stable at more than 37% since 2011. Of this, the decline in Māori in 2019 was due mainly to the industry ' s climate, the company ' s domestic revenue from the sale of car glass, and the middle
Trade friction between the US and China has led to higher costs, higher depreciation, and higher amortization as a share of revenue. In 2020, despite the global epidemic, the corporate business-wide Māori rate was still warming, with full-scale marketing management mechanisms being put in place through the promotion of value-added products, and the promotion of deep industrial chain integration, which increased to 41.48 per cent in the first quarter of 2020.
In recent years, the figures disclosed in the annual report show that the company ' s car glass was raised from $142.79 per square metre in 2015 to $173.77 per square metre in 2019, and the company ' s business model, with its rising volume, has made the company a constant green tree in the car glass industry. With higher intellectual and product ratios, the future benefits of new energy electric changes have accelerated, and the value added of the company ' s products has led to higher prices.
Expanding operational boundaries and creating a growth space 2.1 Skyscreen glass penetration continues to increase, achieving a high-volume premium, a sense of technology in skyscreen glass design, which is gradually gaining market recognition and is expected to become a mainstream configuration in the future.
Model3 was the first to introduce the concept of a “full glass roof” to replace the traditional small skylight and panoramic skylight design, and to upgrade car fashion and ride experience. Teslamodel3 was sold for 30,885 vehicles throughout the year 2019, accompanied by the continued heat of Model3, and included 11 volumes of ec6, p7 and other vehicles with full glass roofs.
Designed; The East Wind Map Free, released on December 18, 2020, carries an intelligent panorama with a 10-degree level of light and darkness, with 99% of UV cut-off; 14 cars, such as empow55, national product Modely, id4x, etc., are also expected to be produced in 2021. In the context of the "new 4" scenario, new trends in the sky are expected to increase further in 2021.
The panorama is no longer exclusive at high prices, but gradually penetrates into low-priced vehicles. In 2020, the highest cost was the ec6615km signature, the lowest price was the Gilicon 1.5td+6at power version, at $9.98, and most of the rest was within $200,000.
The full-scope skyscreen will accelerate coverage to full-priced vehicles. Table 3: Part of the forthcoming production in 2021 is the skyscreen glass-car type, the national product Teslamodeley.
♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪ ♪ I've got a crowd of people ♪
The main reasons for pushing the pan-scenes configuration are: 1) the value of the sex is better than the slide of the skylight; 2) the immersion of visual effects leads to a rich, technological and future driving experience; 3) the tendency for new energy vehicles to be lightly quantified and intelligent.
With a single-car value of about 2000-4000, the switch system for sliding skylights is made up of multiple parts of the central control drive, drainage system, zero, and avoids risks such as the sound of the skylights, an ageing leak, and reduces the average one-car complement value of the entire glass roof to $1100-1500. On visual experience, the view of the full-screen crew is no longer limited, and it can be immersed in a variety of landscapes.
In terms of safety and lightweightness, the Glossy Glass Panorama solution allows the skyglass to withstand the 40-mpa stress in a static state, while reducing the weight of the entire vehicle to reduce its energy saving effect. The glossy double plating glass directly hits the pain point to provide a sunscreen solution. Poor sunscreen, heat insulation, is traditional.
The biggest pain in the glass is the use of the panorama. A silver plating glass, plating on the inner layer of the glass, 9-14 layers of nanometal membranes, can block over 99% of the ultraviolet and over 85% of the infrared, and can provide better insulations while keeping the sun clean. This product is well-known for cars. In addition to being applied on the panorama, a silver plating film glass can also be used as a vehicle.
The front glass. For sunscreening the entire car, Fukuyo also provides the front door glass that applies the solar green-column technique, as well as the backwind and back door glass that applies the advanced grey-bonds. The rich product matrix is expected to contribute to the competitiveness of the company and help to accelerate the transformation of Fukuyo from a common zero manufacturer to a smart glass solution.
The skyscreen accelerated its penetration, and the business model helped the company grow. The skyscreen glass penetration rate was about 1.6% in 2020, and it is expected to reach 25% in 2025 as the landscape moves towards industry. With regard to the use of single-car glass, around square metres, the ec6-mounted landscape is the country ' s largest size, reaching 2.1 square meters.
The panorama has increased the size of the panorama by 50-100% and the use of the full vehicle by about 37%. In terms of prices, such as silver plating techniques, low-e technologies have significantly increased the value added of the panorama products, thus driving price increases.
2.2 The acquisition of German sam and the expansion of the company’s apparel business is one of the three main products of the Fulfill Group, apart from floating glass and car glass. There are two main types of apparel products, the first of which is the integration of external fabrics into glass, which are embedded in a variety of material external appliances and are designed to achieve beauty and low wind barrier features.
The second type consists of a stand-alone, high-lighted, single or double-coloured coating, which is used to decorate a/b/c/d column and displays a high-light mirror effect that allows the car to float.
Caps, accompanied by a track structure, which provides direction for glass lifts and drops. Expensive components integrated with glass. Acquisitions of sam allow the downstream extension of aluminium. Automotive aluminum bars are environmentally friendly and lightly quantified, and sam is the lead.
The world’s leading industry in technological capabilities has a unique technology patent. At the same time, Fukuyo Glass has acquired Jiangsu, which has become an alumina, and has formed a upstream/downstream connection with the German aluminium apparel, perfecting the aluminium apparel industry chain, further enhancing the ability to integrate Fukuoka car glass, while expanding the development space for Fukuyo.
In January 2019, the Fuyo Group issued an announcement that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Fuyo, intended to purchase the assets of the German company Sam, including equipment, materials, finished products, products, industrial appliances, etc., for a purchase price of €58.38 million. In the same month, the German Federal Antimonopoly Office approved the acquisition.
In order to improve the efficiency of its operations and reduce its operating costs, the company consolidated its plant layout, equipment upgrading, process and logistics transport. In mid-2020, the company completed the integration of the project, which is about to achieve its performance.
Aluminium alloys have a low mass density, light weight, good heat conductivity, strong corrosivity, and the aluminium alloys made of them are used mainly in high- and medium-end vehicles with a high vehicle value. As consumption increases and customers demand increases, aluminium alloys will continue to divide products according to customer demand, moving towards individualization and customization.
In addition, energy-saving reductions will require a further expansion of light-quantified car demand, with a steady increase in the penetration of aluminium alloys in parts of cars and aluminum flares in the future.
Photovoltaic glass is an essential component of a photovoltaic component. Photovoltaic electricity converts solar energy to electrical energy through photovoltaic cells. Because of the low mechanical strength of single-body solar photovoltaic cells, they are easily broken; moisture and corrosive gases in the air are gradually oxidizing and corrosive; electrodes are unable to withstand the harsh conditions of open-air work; and working voltage in single-voltaic cells is often small and difficult to satisfy general usage.
So solar battery films are usually sealed in the middle of a envelope panel and a backboard, and consist of enclosed and internally connected photovoltile components that provide direct electrical output separately. A number of photovoltaic components, reverse transformers, and other electrical accessories form a photovoltaic power system. A photovoltage glass covering a photovoltaic component is platified to ensure that it is available.
A higher light pass rate allows solar cells to generate more electricity; while a steel-treated photovoltaic glass has a higher strength, which allows solar cells to withstand greater wind pressure and larger changes in day and night temperature. So a photovoltaic glass is one of the essential components of a photovoltaic component.
The photovoltaic glass process is extremely demanding to improve PV efficiency. There are two types of PV cell, silicon crystal battery and thin film cell assembly, of which silicon crystal battery is the most technologically mature and widely applied battery assembly, with silicon crystal cell units having a 95.6% occupancy rate on the global market in 2019. To improve PV efficiency, crystal silicon light voltage batteries require containment.
The panel glass, while protecting the crystalline silicon cells, has a high permeability rate, with steel glass reaching more than 91.5% and plating the platinum exceeding 93.5%. This is a significant amount of lightness, reflectivity, strength, appearance quality and adaptation to the glass 'carbon peak', 'carbon neutral', and' accelerating energy structural change. The photovoltaic sub-photoglass industry has a huge potential to grow.
It means that carbon dioxide emissions peak at a certain point in time and decline gradually thereafter; “Category carbon” means the total greenhouse gas emissions directly or indirectly generated by an enterprise, group or person over a period of time, offsetting their own carbon dioxide emissions and achieving “zero emissions” of carbon dioxide through afforestation, energy-saving emission reductions, etc.. We commit ourselves to achieving “carbon emissions” by 2030.
The China Association of Photovoltaic Industries expects the global photovoltaic market to expand at an accelerated pace this year, reaching 150 to 170gw, and to be innovative overseas. New domestic loadings this year range from 55 to 65gw, the whole of which is "10."
In order to deal with structural excesses in the flat glass industry in our country, the 2016 Guidance of the Office of the State Council on Promoting Stable Growth in the Building Materials Industry.
It is noted that flat glass production capacity will be further reduced by 2020, with production concentration reaching 60% in the top 10 firms. But this policy guidance does not distinguish between open-wood glass and photovoltaic glass, which directly results in a consistent increase in the capacity of photovoltaic components.
On the evening of 8 January 2021, the company issued an announcement to increase the share of H to no more than 110 million shares for purposes such as replenishment of operating funds, research and development project inputs, expansion of the market for photovoltaic glass, etc. This time or at the same time, the amount of funds collected is about RMB 3 billion.
High entry barriers due to finance, technology, R & D power, etc., enable few firms to compete with both of these firms in the glazing market. For glass, the production of light glass does not have to cross a very high threshold.
In 2019, the country's photovoltaic glass market was dominated by the supply of solar back glass.
Three new energy cars led the change, and industry re-emerged with a dividend period of 3.1 high sales of new energy sources, which led to a reversal of the industry’s growth in the volume of glass from new sources of energy. Sales are approaching a period of high growth. Since 2017, they have been experiencing a slowdown in global macroeconomic growth, with the result of a slowdown in global macroeconomic growth.
The decline in investment, trade tensions and financial instability, and the rise in geopolitical uncertainty, coupled with the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, have led to a marked weakening of consumption power and successive declines in production and sales in the global automobile industry. But there is a different picture in the area of new energy vehicles, which, according to the global electric vehicle databaseev-volumes, continue to grow steadily.
In the domestic market, according to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, there has been a three-year decline in the volume of cars sold in China and in the area of breakdowns, but the demand for new energy cars has risen and the rate of growth in 2020 has been negative. With the current overall recovery in industry, the volume of new energy cars is expected to be vindicated.
New-energy automobiles have a high profile and are expected to drive car glass sales. New-energy car sales are increasing, and they are accelerating penetration into traditional-fuel cars. The new-energy automobile industry has been able to maintain a high-intensity state, superseding the landscape design with a light-quantified and intelligent trend, which has led to a gradual increase in penetration in new-energy cars, and a potential sale of the car estate as an essential part of the car industry.
To integrate into the new energy vehicle industry, it benefits from the Breath. Teslamodel3 is a representative model of the new energy vehicle, in terms of both humans and sales. According to data released by the Fédération, in 2020, the national product Teslamodel3 was sold in approximately 137,000 vehicles, with China ' s new energy car champion in 2020, accounting for 10% of the total domestic new energy vehicle sales in 2020.
Model3 continues to be sold, and the skyscreen design is gradually recognized by the market, and it is expected to become the main vehicle configuration in the future. According to the company’s network, Foyo, a leading car-glass company, has been proposed for high-value-added new car-glass products, such as the panorama, Wilma, Biade, Tesla, and others.
Table 4: Teslamodel 3 industrial chain 3.2 Smart driving concept is fast landing and a new generation of networked smart glass solutions are in place.
With the development of a new generation of communication technologies, car connections have permeated all aspects of transport, real-time communication and tracking of traffic data, representing a new direction in the development of traffic intelligence management. Carglasses are transparent, wide-area, signal-free, etc.
Cars are important vehicles and windows for data transmission. To this end, Yoo uses his own technical lead in glass manufacturing, glass antennas and the sedimentation of basic technology studies, leading enterprises in a number of communications and electronics such as combined mobile communications, high accuracy positioning of beidous, etc., cross-practice research and development, and collaborative innovation, to provide clients with a fully-fledged solution for stable performance and durability of hidden vehicle-borne antennas.
Fukuyo's Pre-Etc Solution and the Pre-Finid Solution have been produced in bulk. The front glass product using Fukuyo's Pre-Frfid Solution will in the future be used as a Digital Electronic Car ID for smart network cars. The Pre-Etc Solution uses antenna anti-destruct techniques, embedding the Etc induction module inside the glass and playing the same function as the glass antenna.
The two technologies address the application of traffic management and car factories in different types of vehicles, as well as the effective reading of different vehicles.
These cutting-edge technology results will contribute to the development of smart networks, intelligent transportation, intelligent cities. Smart light windows, smart displays of glass, Hud, ar-hud, etc.
Power. Smart mode windows control the deflection of dye liquid crystals in the glass laminates by voltage, control of light passivity, intelligent control of the external environment light influences the light in the vehicle. Visible mode or darkness can be maintained under low voltage, low power, low fog, and partition light and information displays. Smartness shows that glass is combined under high-access glass conditions.
Privately customized information, viewing images or videos. Heads up to show traffic information that is important for speed, navigation, etc., and projecting it on the windshield in front of the driver, so that the driver can try not to lower his head, turn his head, and see driving information that is important for speed, navigation, etc.
Vehicle traffic information can be combined with advanced technology, such as adas, to enhance the driver’s sense of driving experience. The time of the smart cabins has come, and these products fully reflect the agile market vision and powerful technological research and development power. Through the deployment of the front-line technological reserves and surfaces, the Fukuoka has a pre-eminence, giving the Fukuoka brand continuous momentum.
Intelligent display of glass, as a global car glass leader, Fukuyo benefited from the increased permeability of skyglasses, increased unit prices for carbide-driven products, and industrial in-depth integration for the co-development of aluminum and bobble operations, with domestic and overseas double-market performance expected to continue to grow.
Corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated into civil securities. He is good at capturing stock opportunities from the industrial chain down and down, and has a well-developed research framework for the entire car, as well as for spare parts plates.
Jung-ho Wang, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined the civil securities in July 2018. Jianyan, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Illinois Technical University, joined the civil securities in 2019.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,