The epidemic continues to be severe and the disease-resistant product-driven performance increases.
There is a strong demand for overseas products such as custodians, respirators, injection pumps, new coronary antibody reagents, portable colours and mobile dr, while conventional operations such as in vitro diagnostic reagents are gradually returning to normality in the country.
In addition to the gradual resumption of operations, plans have been made to prepare for secondary outbreaks of the epidemic and to strengthen the capacity to treat major outbreaks. Plans have been made for medical supplements. The trend has been towards a high rate of growth in company performance: information on life and support for the rapid growth of operations, ivd and the gradual recovery of medical images: this year's new crown plague.
This has led to a significant increase in domestic and foreign market demand for monitors, respirators and injection pumps, which has boosted the overall growth in life information and support operations, which are expected to grow at 50% to the right in the first three quarters; and new coronary reagents, despite the decline in conventional reagent operations on the international market due to the impact of the epidemic.
In the domestic market, the epidemic has led to a greater awareness of the company’s products in the top hospitals, and has reduced the company’s marketing week.
In the international market, the company has expanded its high-end client base in emergency purchases triggered by the epidemic, rapidly increasing its branding influence, and will generate life information and support for business and in vitro diagnostics, medical photography.
1. Murray Medical (300,760): Performance like business co-development. We believe that the epidemic will further boost companies ' continued high growth in both domestic and foreign markets, and contribute to the growth of corporations.
The competitiveness of brands provides a solid basis for the firm ' s subsequent rapid growth.
The new product will contribute to the success of the industry, the epidemic continues to be severe overseas, the demand for anti-epidemic products is expected to continue, and the in vitro diagnosis and medical performance of the country will increase by 2020-04-03.
It is expected that the video business will return to faster growth,2 the epidemic will increase the company's brand competitiveness, with a high base3, Méri Medical (300,760): Self-research + M & A model will consolidate the medical equipment.
Bit, Policy Support Growth 2020 - East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board