On November 01, 2020, anti-epidemic product-driven performance and brand influence increased significantly.
The third quarter of 2020 was marked by a billion dollars in Medicare, an increase of 29.76 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $5.363 billion for mothers, an increase of 46.09 per cent in the same year, a loss of continued high demand for anti-epidemic products, and a continued high growth of q3 performance.
q3 The global epidemic continues to spread and life information lines maintain a high growth trend. With the global epidemic still severe, it is expected that demand for three quarters of surveillance devices, respirators, pumps, new coronal antibody reagents, portable excess, mobile dr, and other anti-epidemic products for export will continue to be high, driving companies to continue high growth in their performance. From single-flow market value (millions):
Millions of dollars, an increase of 46.65% over the same year, are expected to increase faster than the harvest, mainly because of the higher Māori product share, the lower cost of under-line extension and recruitment, and the Government’s preferential policies. Profitability (+3.71pt) is stable at a high profit level.
Demand for anti-epidemic products such as respirators, monitors, etc. remains high; ivd operations are expected to increase by more than 10%, new coronary antibodies. High demand for reagents compensates for the decline in domestic and foreign sales of conventional reagents, with the sale of conventional domestic reagents.
A gradual recovery in sales, with a projected four-quarter ivd operation or accelerated growth, while the company's first three quarters are projected to be about 1600 light-loading machines, with an expected year-round breakthrough of 2,000; medical imagery operations are expected to increase; operating cash flows have increased significantly and costs are well controlled
As a result of the decrease in travel costs, it is expected that, as the overseas epidemic continues, the overseas market will continue to grow more heavily online, with cost rates remaining stable or stable, and that the increase in financial costs is expected to be mainly due to changes in exchange gains and losses.
q1-3 R & D costs are 8.41% and R & D inputs remain stable. The net operating cash flow is $5.990 billion, an increase of 82.39% from the previous year, higher than the increase in income and profits, operational liquidity. Quarterly reviews: high performance in anti-epidemic products, significant increase in brand influence, mainly due to increased contractual liabilities.
While raising brand influence to reduce the market spread cycle and long-term benefits from the global medical catch-up plan for the spread of the epidemic abroad not only boost short-term release of anti-epidemic products such as company respirators, custodians, etc., HMS Research-Mary Medicals (300,760 sz) 202050 also significantly boosts corporate foreign brand influence, helping companies accelerate the expansion of international high-end clients, and high-end hospitals in the United States, Russia, Turkey, etc., have begun to buy back.
Under the pro-profit policy alternative to high performance growth and accelerated branding overseas, health-care institutions such as hospitals have significantly increased their awareness of corporate products, effectively reducing the company’s product promotion cycle and helping companies to accelerate the process of national production substitution. Moreover, the epidemic reflects a global shortage of medical resources to respond to major public health events, and a global surge in health-care gaps.
The National Health and Health Commission and the National Development and Rehabilitation Council have launched several multi-billion-dollar projects to build health-care supply boards, aimed at improving the capacity of district health services in general, and the European Union, Spain, and Italy are planning to invest more in the health-care system. We believe that, thanks to the company’s excellent product performance, brand influence, and channel advantages, the penetration rate of priority products in health-care panels, such as respirators, monitors, etc., is expected to increase, laying the foundation for sustained growth in the company’s performance.
The company’s brand name and technology have been strengthened during the epidemic, taking into account the continued spread and rebound of the overseas epidemic, the company’s life information and support business or its continuing performance, and the ivd and image business has largely resumed.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Industry Association for consulting on securities investment, presents this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.