M.M.I.E.C.C. has continued to grow, with high-end products breaking through $5.36 billion (+46.09 per cent).q 3-quarter operating income of the company has been $5.499 billion.
In 2020, q1-q3 companies achieved operating revenues of $16.664 billion, an increase of 29.76%, and a net return to the mother of $5.364 billion.
This represents an increase of 46.09%. q3 quarter, with operating income of $5.499 billion, an increase of 31.75%, and a net return profit of $1.910 billion, an increase of 46.65%. There is still a greater need for medical equipment, such as respirators, monitors, and so forth.
Murray's overseas procurement of medical equipment such as respirators, monitors, etc. has expanded a large number of high-end clients, brands, and influence. The company's in vitro diagnostic operations have been affected by the epidemic in some ways, but the company has exported its new crowns to Russia and elsewhere.
The negative effects of the epidemic have been offset to a certain extent by anti-testing agents. Because the chemical reagent and analyser system is closed, the sale of new coronary anti-tests has also led to the sale of the company ' s chemical photoanalyst locally.
With the expansion of the market for medical equipment for new infrastructure aids, life information and support operations still have considerable potential. The new crown epidemic has exposed the need to build the country’s health infrastructure, and the CDRC has launched a capacity-building programme for public health prevention and treatment, emphasizing the expansion of district hospitals’ intensive care district beds.
The company’s life information and support lines are rich enough to meet the needs of hospitals at all levels.
The share of operating income was 8.4%, q3 quarter R & D was $447 million, and 8.13% of operating income. The company’s high-end products continued to make technological breakthroughs, and high-end anaesthetic equipment a9/a8 was listed overseas in 2020, according to the company’s network of officials.a9/a8 was the world’s first load.
Anesthetic machines for hfnc techniques, which can extend the safe breathing oxygen coupling time during induction periods. Risk of a material collection price reduction using the market price of 12 November 2020; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; market expansion for new products less than expected; new technologies
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.