q3 was slightly over-expected, and the epidemic accelerated the company's overseas expansion of billions of yuan, a 45.3 per cent increase over the same period. 3 was slightly over-anticipated, operating cash flows increased significantly: quarterlyly, the company q3 was real in the first quarter.
The current operating income was 5.5 billion yuan, an increase of 31.8 per cent over the previous three quarters; the net return to the mother was 1.91 billion yuan, an increase of 46.7 per cent over the previous three quarters; the net lost profit was 1.9 billion yuan, an increase of 46.6 per cent over the previous three quarters; and the operating cash flow to the company was 6 billion yuan, an increase of 82.4 per cent over the previous three quarters.
▪ Rapid growth of life information and support operations, ivd and gradual recovery of medical images: this year, the new coronary epidemic has led to a massive increase in domestic and foreign market demand for monitors, respirators and injection pumps, which has boosted the growth of life information and support operations as a whole, with income growth projected at 50 per cent in the last three quarters.
Right; despite the decline in conventional reagent operations on the international market due to the effects of the epidemic, the intake of new coronary antibody reagents has increased significantly, and, with the gradual recovery of the domestic conventional reagent operations, it is expected that the first three quarters of the epidemic will increase corporate brand competitiveness and future growth on a high base.
This has led to a greater awareness of corporate products in top hospitals, a shorter week of company marketing, and a faster pace of import substitution for corporate products; on the international market, the company has expanded its high-end client base in emergency purchases triggered by the epidemic and rapidly upgraded the company.
Brand influence, and it will drive life information and support business and in vitro diagnostics, medical pictures, and business development. We believe that the epidemic will further enhance the company’s brand competitiveness in domestic and foreign markets, laying a solid foundation for its continued rapid growth.
1. Murray Medical Care (300,760): The epidemic continues to be severe overseas, the epidemic continues to be severe overseas, the demand for anti-epidemic products is expected to continue, and in vitro diagnosis and medical care in the country is expected to continue.
“Mary Medical Care” (300760): Performance: Recovering a faster growth of the science-image business, 2; upgrading the company's brand competitiveness, high base; continuing high growth; and promoting the company's capacity to contribute to the epidemic.
Future growth can be sustained over time by maintaining a “buy-in” rating, taking into account comparable corporate valuations and accelerations. Business line growth is as expected, self-researching is fruitful, and new products will contribute to the industry.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board