Medical Health Research Center q3 slightly over-expected, branding power opened up the growth space 2020q1-q3 company generated $16.64 billion, an increase of 29.8 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother
Five hundred and sixty-three million yuan, representing an increase of 46.1 per cent in the same year; five hundred and fifty-five million yuan, representing an increase of 46.7 per cent in the same year, and 1.899 billion yuan, representing an increase of 46.6 per cent in the same year.
q3 performance maintained a high rate of growth, mainly due to high demand for vital information products and accelerated recovery of ivd conventional test agents in the country. The Māori rate rose by 68.5% (65.2% over the same period last year), and we pre-empted 1. ivd.
High Growth-Mary Medical Corporation Review, $2.265 billion) Increases are mainly due to higher demand for corporate product markets and better product supply chains. q3 net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $1,781 million (+50.2 per cent) and cash flows
2. " Lifelines outperform expectations, perform well and operate well.
Sub-product lines: 1) The epidemic has contributed to the acceleration of the release of life information and support lines, with a steady rise in the share of the market. As the leader of a home-grown medical facility, it is expected to benefit in the long term from new domestic medical infrastructure and import substitution.
Optimization, the prospect of future products being placed in more high-level medical institutions overseas, and a strong driver of performance growth. 4. High Demand for Disease Control, q1 Growth Excellence - Méri Doctor 2) q3 National ivd production line is gradually returning to normal growth, with a partial increase in the contribution of new overseas crown testing agents.
In the field of chemical lumination, the company “becomes the top” and the instrument development capabilities are prominent, and it is expected that in the future it will take advantage of 5. Q1 performance in the epidemic, and q2 demand, which is expected to accelerate the domestic and external loading and reagent sales of the dividends of high industry growth.
The sustained boom-Mary Medical Corporation Review, where demand has been suppressed, and where q4 is expected to recover gradually, with greater knowledge and recognition of supermarkets, is expected to grow in demand in the future.
Companies maintain high levels of R & D investment, continue to enrich their product lines, continue to develop new and emerging areas, and have excellent product and product skills. Over the last three quarters, R & D has invested $1.5 billion (+25.6%) and new products are emerging in three major areas of operation, while actively developing micro-surgery and veterinary medical equipment, with more flowers, and consolidating markets.
In the long term, the leaders of the country's most important players are expected to be able to reach the sea with high-end medical supplies and supplies. yangfang1@gjzq.com.cn
yuan_weregjzq.com.cm Industrial policy changes; trade friction-related risks; exchange rate fluctuations; dealer model risks; and so on.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment