Murray's medical care, the disease has continued to boost performance, and high-end products have continued to break out of profit of $5,364 million (+46.09 per cent).q3-quarter corporate revenues have been realized of $5,499 million.q
In this context, the company’s life information and support business has the potential to grow. The epidemic continues to contribute to an increase in performance, and its overseas outreach has accelerated.
The q3 quarter realized operating income of $5.499 billion, an increase of 31.75 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $1.910 billion, an increase of 46.65 per cent over the same period. Overseas countries are still heavily affected by the new crown epidemic, and there is still a greater demand for medical equipment, such as respirators, monitors, etc.
The company’s in vitro diagnostic business is somewhat negatively affected by thinness, but by exporting new coronary tests to regions like Russia.
On, in a way, the negative effects of the epidemic have been compensated. As a result of the closure of the iq system, the sale of the new coronary anti-medical test has also driven the company ' s chemical radiance - das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das-das
With the expansion of the market for medical equipment for new infrastructure aids, life information and support operations still have considerable potential. The new crown epidemic has exposed the need to build the country’s health infrastructure.
The company’s life information and support lines are abundant to meet the needs of hospitals at all levels.
The share of operating income was 8.4%, q3 quarter R & D costs $447 million, or 8.13%. The company’s high-end product is making a technological breakthrough and, according to the new network of company officials, high-end anesthesia a9/a8 was listed overseas in 2020.a9/a8 was the world’s first hit.
Anaesthetic machines with hfnc technology that can extend the safe breathing oxygen mix during the induction period. Billion dollars, pss $4,976, 5.810, $7,814 respectively, maintain an increased rating.  Risk of input extraction; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; market expansion for new products is lower than expected;
The risk of a failure in technology research and development.