We're going to Hong Kong to set the prices, finance the internationalization of our aid, study the company's quick evaluation, social services, tourism, and viewing.
China Free China: The company has determined the final price to be HK$158.00 per share of the foreign share (h) that it will issue. The foreign share (h) that it will issue this time is expected to be placed on Hong Kong’s main board on August 25, 2022, and to start trading.
The company is expected to increase capital capacity in the face of a countervailing position, and will be expected to build on the Hong Kong stock platform to accelerate the depth of the industrial chain and the expansion abroad, with full global tax-exempt status. 3) Despite recent outbreaks in China and South China, there are expectations for future stock recovery and expansion of new projects.
At the middle, companies re-constructed “humans” around three dimensions of tourism retailing, “forward-forward-forward-post-forward” and their supply chains continued to deepen, their internal and external channels expanded and their efficiency increased, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The free-of-port share offerings are determined, and trading is expected to be marketed on the Hong Kong main board on August 25th.
According to the company announcement and the Vande News Agency, the company has determined that the final price of the foreign share (h share) issued abroad is HK$158.00 per share (excluding commission charges for related transactions, etc.). The price is equal to the excess shareholding of the company’s a share on August 17, up to a maximum of HK$15,414.2 million (i.e. not more than 15% of the equity to be issued in Hong Kong).
Externally listed foreign shares (h shares) are expected to be listed and traded on the joint venture main board on August 25, 2022, with a share code number 1880. Reverse financing, with a future port-based stock platform to accelerate the depth of the industrial chain and overseas expansion, and to tighten the global tax-exempt first position, although the Hong Kong share is now offered at a discount (expected to be related to a stock, h share market, recent big deal) but with a 5% share.
It is still relatively limited, and in mid-course, the core of the company’s financing for Hong Kong this time lies in gaining access to the Hong Kong stock platform, enhancing its internationalization impact, strengthening the internationalization base, and providing an enabling support for the follow-up of overseas expansion and industrial chains, as well as increasing equity mobility and governance modernization. In the light of our earlier analysis, international tax-exempters have been under pressure for more than two years in a row.
It is hoped that the expansion of domestic and external channels, the efficiency of supply chains, and the extension of industrial chains will be further accelerated, thus strengthening the primacy of the global duty-free market. As shown in the table below, the firm’s current fund-raising effort is centred on consolidating domestic channels and expanding overseas channels, improving supply chain efficiency (including the consolidation of upstream purchasing systems by acquisition or investment of upstream brands), upgrading information technology systems, membership promotion, and marketing.
At the same time, the company has now introduced nine cornerstone investors to Hong Kong, the core of which is tied to the State capital background investment fund, and some of the related companies in the industrial chain up and down. In conjunction with the announcement, China has exempted nine cornerstone investors, including the China State Enterprise Mixed Ownership Reform Fund Ltd. (which was commissioned by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council to launch the China Tsang Holdings Group Ltd.), the Emoly Pacific Group, the China Far China Shipping (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Entwicklungs States.
International Holdings Ltd. (State Development Investment Group background), Shanghai Airport Investment Ltd. (Shanghai Airport Investment Company Ltd.), Tsangzhou old cellars Ltd., China Structural Reform Fund Ltd., Hainan Free Trade Port Construction Investment Fund Ltd., Oaktree Capital, which can be divided into three categories, namely, investment funds with a national background, related companies up and down the production chain, and large offshore investment funds, are powerful.
In 2022, Tessalivin and others expect the size of China’s duty-free market for goods to be 59.5 billion yuan. With good policy, the market is expected to reach 132.2 billion yuan in 2023, with a compound annual growth rate of 27.5% in 2019-2023.
At the same time, the company’s share of the domestic duty-free market was 86.0% in 2021, highlighting the leading position, pre-eminence, and scale effects. Although some market investors are also concerned about the challenges that may arise after future sea-south closures, as well as the effects of emigration, some market investors are also concerned about future sea-south closures.
Restoring international competition, but in the light of our earlier analysis of such reports as " The New Flagship Project is in business, renegotiating the long-term value of investment " , we believe that: 1) The future closure policy of Hainan is still to be followed, but it is not expected to be Hong Kong, Singapore, and does not preclude over-exploitation considerations, and that there is no need to be pessimistic for the time being; 2) if the future of the out-of-country trip is to be liberalized, the company can access the hub airport and its combined bargaining power does not preclude entry.
A step-by-step increase, in the case of duty-free shops in the city of departure of future citizens, could still be expected, and tax-free cakes in the country could still be expanded. Taken together, the central focus is on the re-establishment of “human stores” around the three-dimensional dimensions of the pre- and mid-line-post-tourism retail trade, the continuous upgrading of supply chain capacity, channel capacity (on-line and below-line, tax-plus duty-free) and the overall improvement in operational efficiency.
Figure 3: In 2020 and 2021, companies became the first global tax-exempt figure: China's top five duty-free retailer market share (based on sales earnings) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Most of the company's core stores have been closed since early August, thus partly affecting the company's short-term investment mood, as shown in the table below, as a result of the Hainan “08.01” outbreak, which has been closed since 5 August and has not resumed operations as of 20 August.
8.7 closed, 8.17 closed on 10 August and a few short-lived times, but closed as of 20 August.
However, data from the past show that tax-free sales were recovered faster every time China’s population was stable. Specifically, in January/February 2022, the sales from Hainan Island rose by 38 per cent and 51 per cent compared to the previous year’s low base for competitors, but the overall performance was remarkable after the March/May outbreak.
In July, tax-free sales on Hainan Island declined by 11% in June (the first half of the year was still under pressure and the second half was fast improving, but the second half of the year saw a 13% increase in revenue in June), and in July, tax-free sales on Hainan Island increased by 9% over the same year, with a significant 21% increase over the same year if tax contributions were considered. Given this, we are still more confident that China’s tax-free sales will resume in the future, with a steady improvement in the future.
The new project looks forward to a sustained expansion of China-Souther operations, which is expected to strengthen its seaside location. In the context of our ongoing tracking, the China-South China Seagate new seaport project is expected to be launched around the Fourth of July, with the launch of the second phase next year at Sea Bay. The new seaport project is expected to become the largest international tax-free business complex in Asia in the future, with the largest whiskey museum in the world now planned, with a number of major international flagship shops and other major international companies.
The start-up, taking into account the need for high-end shopping and leisure experience, is expected to be more than 800 brands in the future, not excluding the prospect of an 11-year period, which is expected to enhance the company's competitiveness and bring a fresh start. Next year, Seagull Bay issue No. 2 will not preclude the prospect of introducing luxury brands or further upgrades of the fragrance centre, and the branding and shopping environment will be expected to be upgraded.
However, on August 17, 2021, the tax-free shop at Sanya Central Airport began to resume operations, indicating that the situation is beginning to improve. If South Hainan gradually improves in September, looking forward to four quarters and one quarter, Henan is expected to resume operations.
In the run-up to the season, Hainan passenger flows are still expected to recover gradually, and follow-up performance on heavy-pound new projects, such as the company’s new seaport, remains to be expected. The investment proposal is short-term follow-up of the Hainan epidemic, mid-course growth of funding support to Hong Kong, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating, and recent stock-price reversals in response to recent south China outbreaks and large-plate influences.
But the center line of funding for Hong Kong this time lies in gaining access to the Hong Kong stock platform, enhancing internationalization, strengthening the internal and external layout, providing a strong support for the follow-up expansion abroad and the depth of the industrial chain, and helping companies to secure good financial support at difficult times of global tax exemption, strengthening their position as global tax-exempt leaders, and facilitating long- and long-term development. While the short-term Hainan epidemic is still to be tracked, past performance has proved to be a positive one.
Looking ahead for the next six months, with a stable epidemic, the company’s Hainan stock recovery and the expansion of new projects are expected, and the failure to do so does not preclude good policy expectations. Taken together, the “man’s yard” is being re-engineered around the three-dimensional dimensions of the pre--medium-post-trading tourism retail trade, and the company’s future supply chain is looking to deepen, expand its channels and improve its efficiency, maintaining the company’s “buy-in” rating.
Policy risks, increased competition among new entrants, market risks such as macroeconomic systemic risks, repeated and controlled risks, significant exchange rate devalue risks, natural disasters, bad weather, etc., new projects may be opened at a slower pace or run less than expected, and there is still uncertainty about the finalization of financing for Hong Kong.
China Central Exemption (60188.sh) - Re-introduction of financing to Hong Kong, Internationalization of Global First Status Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author