Sin Yishan Censorship, China (60188.sh) August 31, 2022
The decline in revenue performance is mainly due to the spread of the epidemic during the period and the closing of the Shanghai logistics hub, which has had a significant impact on the company’s offline sales operations. White Cloud Airport is expected to rent around $700 million, eliminating a net profit of about $897 million (-71.05%).
More than 22h1 cases have spread, and the static management of several important cities has hit companies hard. The highest/minimum (in dollar terms) in the year: tax-free sales from Hainan Island were visible at the beginning of the year, with a 38-51% increase in tax-free sales in January-February.
In March-May, the outbreak of the epidemic, logistics control and the impact of sales off-line, Hainan airport off-flowa market value (billions):
In particular, incentives such as the resumption of work in the Shanghai region and the distribution of consumer vouchers in various parts of the country have been put in place. Basic data on sales are: On 30 June 2022, the Hainan Channel introduced more than 20 new high-end brands to further meet consumer shopping needs.
By the end of the reporting period, over 22 million members had been exempted, keeping in mind the follow-on member shopping frequency, repurchase rate, sales \triangleright 5.5 pct higher than the 21h2 ring, guaranteed by companies through optimized procurement conditions and precision marketing strategies
(b) The sales cost rate of 6.84 per cent ((2).44 pct) is a reduction in airport rents and increased corporate efforts to manage this charge;
Cost 3.13 per cent (+0.66 pct) and financial cost 1.95 per cent (+1.91 pct) are net losses on local exchange. Net operating cash flows - 3535 million yuan (-547.49 per cent) - are lower than average sales receipts for the impact of the epidemic; net cash flows from investing activities - 1207 million yuan (a decrease of 638 million yuan compared to the same period in the previous year)
Since August, the Hainan epidemic has repeatedly affected the company’s eight stores on the island, which have been closed for several days, and the Hainan tax-free business has been under direct pressure. The Health Commission has released data showing that the Henan epidemic is largely under effective control.
To provide stronger financial support for the development of overseas expansion, global impact and resource integration capacity, building on the recovery of the Hainan passenger flow, and building on the start of the new seaport city.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.