Short-term containment of the epidemic, improved Māori rates, mid-2022 mid-point assessment of China's mid-point 601888.
Impacts, performances in line with expectations. But since May, the outbreak has been under control, and the Shanghai region has resumed its work, adding to the distribution of multi-wheel consumption vouchers for duty-free consumption repairs.
In the first half of the year, the Māori ratio of company-owned operations increased by 5.5 percentage points over the second half of 2021 when tax retail sales continued to expand, and the discount rate for off-island traders decreased. But in early August, there was another outbreak in South China, with Sanya and the Sea.
Seagate International Free City is about to open. The company Seagate International Free City is expected to open by the end of September, planning a 150,000 square metre of buildings that will become the largest retail tourism complex in the world.
Seagate Free City connects to the new seaport, which will help the company complete the layout of the off-island full-to-exit hub and consolidate the company's position as a tax free-of-island leader. Moreover, we expect the high-end location of Seaport Free City to help attract high-end luxury brands into Hainan and further enhance the sale of fine products.
The company’s performance was hit by the epidemic in the first half of 2022, but the gross operating income was in line with expectations that the return to work in Shanghai and the easing of the anti-epidemic policy would trigger a hot summer sea-south tourism economy and rapid recovery of its performance. But the spread of the epidemic in South China in August led to a long period of static control, q3 performance.
The opening of a tax-free city at the mouth of the sea is about zero new in Sanya society, and it is expected that the flow of passengers will be quickly repaired on the Mid-Autumn Day. Members buy tax-based fast-maturity duty-free exits from the island and become a point of growth in corporate performance. In the long run, the scale effect will increase the company ' s tax-based versus cross-border power suppliers.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.