Tourism retailii The Sanya epidemic is stable and expected to be 2h22 Wangqin repairs in China (601888).
The company issued its semi-annual report for 2022: 27,650 million yuan per year in the first half of the year; 22 per cent in the first half of the year.
1h22 under pressure mainly disturbed by the epidemic, and the resilience of future recovery is still considerable
Now, with the easing of many outbreaks and the easing of controls on movement, the company Hainan market has recovered its sales speed, again proving the attractiveness of the off-island duty-free market for consumers. So, we think that, while a major outbreak in Sanya again led to a closure in August, the company expected to lose sales of between 2 and 3 billion a month.
Considering that by August 30, Sanya society had reached zero, if the outbreak was well controlled and released in September, q4 sea-south tourism would be expected to be restored quickly after the season. To deliver the benefits to management, the Māori ring ratio would continue to improve.
In 1h22, management proposed in the first half of the year that while seeking scale, profitability and growth, greater attention should be paid to raising profit levels, and that slogans such as “effectiveness to management” should begin to materialize. 1h22, although affected by the epidemic, sales on the line have increased, the company has changed through a stable price strategy plus a product-type structure.
With a slight increase of 0.23 pct, the Māori rate has improved for two consecutive quarters. In the future, along with an improvement in the Hainan passenger flow, it is expected that the company will continue to focus on raising profit levels and optimize the purchase strips by increasing its collaboration with brand names.
With a strong competitive advantage, it is hoped that all sides will work together in the future. The company has been listed for business in Hong Kong on August 25, and the ipo has raised a total of 15.8 billion Hong Kong dollars.
We believe that the Hong Kong stock ipo will help the company to further consolidate its competitive advantage and open up its growth space in multiple dimensions: 1) and continue to expand the business space online. We expect that the 2h22 company will further integrate the current parallel multiples.
Online platforms are being developed and offshore operations are being developed. 2) There is a steady expansion of important domestic and foreign channels, while preparing for tax-exempt projects in open cities and cities; 3) there is a continuous strengthening of branding, supply chain capacity to guarantee the subsequent expansion of duty-free production off the island.
Company Tracking - China (60188.sh): q3 Basic turning points are established, profit improvement + expansion is expected to unleash growth momentum Catalysing, company growth is still high, and `recommended' ratings are maintained
The company follows China's China Free (601888.sh): the wind is up, the land is off the island duty-free, perfected and optimized.
I undertake to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.