Resubmission of H-stock listing, financing of tax-exempt operations 05/07/2022 : On the evening of 30/06/2022, China issued a report on the retransmission to Hong Kong
Resubmission of offshore listing applications and further expansion of financing support operations. The company obtained approval from the CSRC on 11 November 2021 for the issuance of up to 195 million new offshore listings.
Channels, improvement of supply chain efficiency, upgrading of information technology systems, market promotion and further improvement of the staff system are five main uses. ▪ In China, 24.6% of the global retail tourism market was avoided in 2021, and the advantage of the dominant size continues to be raised.
The updated offer contains more complete industry data for 2021 and the most recent research. According to Frost Sullivan, the 2021 ranking remains unchanged from the global pattern, with an exemption from the increase in the global share leading to the continued optimization of the supply chain.
In 2021, China was exempted from duty-free market shares in China by 86.0%, and the share was squeezed by competition, but the position of the advantage remained unchanged. According to Frost Sullivan, the pattern of the duty-free market in China changed considerably in 2021.
Squeezing, from 92.3% in 2020, fell by 6.3 percentage points to 86%. China continues to have a significant advantage in the individual number share of its competitors, and relies on China ' s Medium (601888), which has been invested in the next two years.
The Hainan tax-free poles project, the Seagate International Free City and Seagate Bay Phase 2 site, is expected to enter the market.
The expansion of the market size has accelerated again; the position of the market is strong and the additional off-island duty-free pole shop will have a greater impact on the epidemic, but in the medium- and long-term it will be better for China to benefit from it as a leader in retail tourism.
Incidents: On the evening of 30 June 2022, China exempted the issuance of a circular on the retransmission to Hong Kong of applications submitted to Hong Kong by Hong Kong for listing of foreign shares (h shares) abroad and the publication of information on applications.
On 11 November 2021, the company obtained approval from the CSRC for the issuance of up to 195 million shares of offshore foreign investment, i.e. up to 10% of the total equity. The company intends to raise funds for the consolidation of domestic channels, the expansion of overseas channels, the improvement of supply chain efficiency, and the upgrading of information technology systems.
Market promotion and further improvement of the membership system are five main purposes: Table 1: Use of fund-raising (1) Investment in about eight tax-free shops at major airports: Development of new ones; Re-establishment of franchises
(2) Investment in about 20 other duty-free shops at other ports: development of new ones; renewal of franchise (3) investment in about 20 tax-based tourism retail projects (4) Tax-free shops in investment markets: renovation, procurement and operation of approximately 11 municipal duty-free shops; expansion of Seagate International tax-free city; further expansion of Sanya International
(1) Establishment of approximately six offshore duty-free shops: further expansion of the network of duty-free stores in Hong Kong and Australasia; search for opportunities to open offshore duty-free shops, currently located in Japan, Sri Lanka and Laos (2) expansion of offshore border duty-free shops: search for tax-free concessions for Asian airports and open additional duty-free shops; and renewal of Hong Kong International Airport and Australasia
Concessions at Gate International Airport (3) Extension of approximately 6 cruise duty-free stores (4) Selective acquisition of 2 to 3 overseas tourism retail operators
3. Improving supply chain efficiency: (1) Investment Development Logistics Centre: development of the former Shenzhen Sea and Sanya Bay Logistics Centre (2) upgrading of existing supply chains: upgrading of domestic logistics centres; recruitment and training of supply chain personnel
(3) Consolidation of upstream procurement systems: acquisition or investment of upstream brands; optimization of overseas commodity procurement portfolios; recruitment and training of specialized procurement staff; integration of information technology systems: (1) integration of online and offline business platforms, development of smart commodity procurement and management systems and refinement of centralized crm systems
(2) Recruitment and training of IT talent, market promotion and further improvement of membership (1) Market promotion: advertising and brand promotion activities; recruitment and strengthening of market extension teams
(2) Member system building: attracting new clients to membership programs; raising the membership rights of existing members 24.6% of China ' s global retail tourism market share in 2021, with the advantage of a leader continuously rising. The updated offer contains more complete industry data and recent research on 2021.
The global pattern shows no change in ranking in 2021, with the CM 2021 market share being 24.6%, up by 2 percentage points from 22.6% in 2020. A sustained increase in global share will lead to continued optimization of the supply chain. China’s free market share in China in 2021 was 86.0%, with a competitively squeezed share, but an absolute advantage.
According to Frost Sullivan, the tax-exempt market pattern in China changed considerably in 2021. As a result of the issuance of tax-exempt licence plates from Hainan Island, the Chinese share of the free market was somewhat squeezed, dropping from 92.3 per cent in 2020 to 6.3 years of investment in the Hainan tax-free pole project, Seagate International, Sea Bay Phase 2, which is expected to have a market share.
Figure 1: Split operating income by product category (Billions of yuan) Profit forecasts and investment ratings: free control of the epidemic, recovery of international routes conducive to the expansion of the duty-free sector market, re-pacing; strong market-free position of middle and middle, with new off-island tax-free pole shops to be brought into operation in 2022/2023.
In the medium-to-long term, China is expected to benefit from the gradual recovery of provincial and exit trips as a tourist retail leader. The expected return of company profits to the mother year 2022-2024.