Second International Consumer Exposition, Free Trader, Luxury 30, 2022.
▪ Events: 25-30 July 2022, the Second International Consumer Exposition was held in Haikou, Hainan Province, where as many as seven tax-free vendors took part.
The Expo provides companies with an important platform for displaying brands and communicating with consumers, bringing together high-quality goods from both within and outside the country, helping to promote the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port and creating international and domestic communication windows.
With 80,000 square meters expanded to 100,000 square meters, the first day of the exhibition was over 48,000 arrivals, demonstrating the enormous consumption potential of the domestic market.  International brands, tax-exempts, active participation, and a confluence and motivational effect.
Salesmen/tax retailers are exempt, Sea Brigades, Sea Controls, Pearls, Deep Free, Chinese uniforms, Lagdell, Wang Poi, Huayun, and their exhibition space is more extensive than last year. Those who are eligible for tax exemption from the island, Sea Brigades, Sea Control, Deep Exemptions, and Chinese uniforms all focus on their duty-free/tax-free activities.
In addition to online platforms, the China Free Peaks Group co-executed high-luxurious watches at exhibit No. 5; at the exhibition, the Sea Brigades engaged in a call for business in Orle Life Square, which opened at the end of 2022.
The event was significantly more brand-new than the previous one, and attracted O'Leaa, Yashlanda, the University of Finance, Bobley, and the past.
In terms of product, perfume cosmetics, jewellery watches, alcohol, high-end tourism services are all there. The three luxury groups, lvmh, Peak Group, and Open Cloud Group, attend each year to keep an eye on the Hainan tax-free market.
China ' s Middle-Congress (601888): 2022h1  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Dismantling Control of the Epidemic, Re-establishment of International Routes in Support of Tourism Retail Quick Performance Review: Performance Reflects Business
The expansion of the industrial market has accelerated again; the position of the middle- and middle-level markets is strong, and the new off-island tax-free pole shop is strong.
The luxury of entering the Hainan retail market is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in the retail tourism climate in the South China. The pe is 42/27/24 times higher for companies. Assuming 10% of the total share capital is issued by the Ports Unit, the post-issuance valuation is h-market application, financing tax exemption.
46/30/27, maintaining the “buy-in” rating; event: 25-30 July 2022, the Second International Consumer Exposition was held in Haikou, Hainan Province, where as many as seven tax-free traders took part.
As the largest consumer-goods exhibition in Asia, the event’s theme coincides with the development of Hainan Free Trade Port, which is very positive for promoting duty-free economic development, boosting consumption, and accelerating the development of Hainan Free Trade Port.
The Expo provides businesses with an important platform for displaying brands and communicating with consumers, bringing together high-quality goods from both within and outside the country, helping to promote the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port and creating an international and domestic window of communication. The second exposition was expanded from 80,000 square metres to 100,000 square metres for the first time, with over 48,000 participants on its first day of operation.
Tourism retailers participate actively, and the platform for the retreats gathers and has a significant catalytic effect. Tourism retailers/tax retailers are free, sea brigades, sea controls, beads, deep-seated, Chinese uniforms, Lagdell, Wang Jiao, Huayun are concentrated in the 6th Hall.
In addition to raising awareness of their own tax-free/tax-line platforms, the Fédérations Group co-existed in exhibit No. 5 with high-luxurious displays; at the exhibition, the Littts engaged in recruiting for their Arlé Life Square, which opened at the end of 2022.
Channelrs participate in a comprehensive presentation of the future layout of the retail operators of the ports of trade, which will help to focus efforts to negotiate cooperation and provide direction for future retail patterns in the port of Hainan. Luxury Group pays more attention to the market in Hainan and releases positive signals.
In terms of product, perfume makeup, jewellery watches, alcohol, high-end tourism services, etc.. Ivmh, Peak Group, Monument Group, Monument Group, three luxury groups attend each year to keep an eye on the sea.
The South Tax Free Market. The Ivmh group formally signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Seaport Comprehensive Insurance Area, declaring the lvmh group ' s perfumed water cosmetics retail supply chain centre for tourism in China district to land in Hainan; the Peaks group was present with six major brands and its exhibition increased from 300 square metres to 500 square metres in its first term.
The importance of the Expo and the Hainan Free Trade Port was emphasized, and the Group’s interest in the development of the Hainan market and the continued increase in investment was stressed. Continued attention and input from luxury brands, and the future placement of luxury brands, would facilitate the creation of an international tourism consumption centre at Hainan Free Tradeport, raising global visibility and international visibility.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: liberalization of control of the epidemic, recovery of international routes, conducive to expansion of the retail tourism sector market patterns; a strong market-free position, with new off-island duty-free pole shops operating in 2022/2023, re-entry of the market share, medium- and long-term preference for China to benefit from tourism retail taps across provinces and cities
A gradual recovery of the excursions. Luxury and luxury entry into the Hainan retail market is expected to contribute to the continuation of China’s tourism retail climate.