China's China Free China (601888), which has returned to Hong Kong to re-open its foreign market and consolidate its tax-free status: China has been exempted from re-issuing its listing application to Hong Kong on June 30, 2022.
China’s current leader in duty-free retailing, operating, and the company’s return to Hong Kong’s ipo remain uncertain, but the objective of expanding overseas markets is clear. The public action is based on the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco, alcohol, and perfume.
In the context of the recent overall improvement in the market environment, the company re-opens the h share. Given the changes in the market environment and the pricing of prices, many factors account for the success of the distribution.
There is still considerable uncertainty about the company’s eventual marketing. But this reboot to Hong Kong reflects the firm’s strategic objective of expanding the global market. Port stock listing is conducive to expanding the company’s international visibility, while raising part of the funds for overseas outreach and acquisition by operators and strengthening the company.
The Replenishment Unit is expected to contribute to the full range of outreach and operational capacity-building and to sustain its leadership.
The pool of funds will be used to invest in 8 duty-free shops at major airports, 20 other duty-free shops at other ports, 20 tax-based tourism retail projects, intra-city duty-free shops and the expansion of overseas channels, including the opening of 6 sea-based b/h units (millions of shares)
Intra-market duty-free shops, the expansion of offshore port duty-free shops, the selective acquisition of two or three overseas tour retailers, etc., are also committed to improving the efficiency of supply chains, upgrading information technology systems, and improving membership systems. In 2020, companies jumped to the world’s largest retail tourism operator, reaching a global market share in 2021.
24.6 per cent. If distribution succeeds, the pace of full-channel and overseas market expansion accelerates, and operational capacity, including supply chains, branding cooperation, membership management, digitalization, etc., rises across the board, the company ' s market competitiveness is expected to increase further, and the vanguard position is expected to continue to strengthen.
At the same time, the recent outbreak has weakened the recovery path, and companies will enjoy the full benefits of duty-free access to the off-island recovery dividend. 1) Post-infested passenger flow recovery. 4-04 duty-free operations in the off-island area have been more affected by the epidemic.
The recovery has accelerated at the end of June, and figures show that 6.25-6.26 weekend tickets to Sanya increased by 93 per cent, air tickets to Seagate increased by 92 per cent, and the national epidemic improved by opening the free recovery route from the island. 2) External policies and vacations are good.
A programme of action to promote duty-free sales off the island in 2022, with an additional $20 million of off-island duty-free consumer vouchers, will be held from 26 to 30 July at the mouth of the sea at the Second Recreational Festival, which will bring together the onset of the summer season and the control of the epidemic (S/1480521001).
We believe that the demand for tourism consumption, which was suppressed by the epidemic, is expected to be released centrally, and Henan, Research Assistant: Wei Wooming, Tourist Flows, is expected to recover rapidly. In 2021, the company had a high market share in the off-island retail outlets.
90%, with full benefits from the recovery of duty-free off-island channels, and promising better market performance. In the second half of the year, the tax-free city of Seagate, which is free of major operators, is expected to have a retail area of 150,000 square metres, and will go beyond Sanya International and become the largest retail tourist complex in the world, making it possible to make up for the company's presence at the sea port.
Large-scale duty-free shops are missing, expanding the company’s business map, and will be another growth point for the company. Profit predictions: a long-term return to Hong Kong ipo is clear about the company’s objective of expanding the overseas market, full-scale expansion and enhanced business capability are expected to continue to strengthen the company’s tax-free leadership status, with a short-term return to the island free of taxes.
The Sou Channel has been opened, and the company is expected to reap its full benefits as a conduit. But considering the repeated impact of the q2 outbreak on the company’s tax-exempt operations off the island, the company’s profit expectations have been reduced, and taking into account the fact that the offer books have not yet revealed the specific number of issued shares, no adjustment has been made to the ps. The company is expected to return to its mother’s net profit in 22-24 years.
A 47-, 31- and 24-fold rating is maintained as a “highly recommended” rating. East’s financial and intellectual booming source, China’s Middle East (601888): go to Hong Kong ipo to restart and expand overseas markets and consolidate tax-free leadership.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China ' s Chinese Communist Party (601888): Reopening and expanding overseas markets in Hong Kong and consolidating tax-free leadership status
Wei Woo-meng will be responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, electric power suppliers, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.