Back to Hong Kong, internationalization is the world's top priority, corporate research, corporate quick reviews, social services, tourism, and landscapes.
On the evening of 30 June, the company announced that, in accordance with the listing schedule for this issue, the company had submitted to Hong Kong a new listing application on 30 June 2022, and posted on the Hong Kong joint listing website the same day.
(b) In the event of short-term or low-contribution funding to Hong Kong, but with limited expectations (less than 10 per cent), the Central Line is expected to accelerate the expansion of the company ' s domestic and external capacities and supply chain, without excluding the introduction of war investments, with full year-round tax exemption first status; (c) the recent acceleration of recovery in Hainan, with new expectations arising from the new sea port heavy-pound project in the second half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the company is expected to recover, new projects are emerging, and the actual arrival is expected to be dependent on the subsequent market situation if the arrival of the capital to Hong Kong does not preclude the return of the capital to Hong Kong, which was announced on 22 April 2021 by the company in preparation for the Hong Kong listing plan, which was approved by the CVM on 11 November 2021.
On 16 November 2021, the Hong Kong Board of Directors of the Hong Kong Association held a public hearing to consider the company’s application for listing. On December 04, 2021, limited to outbreaks and capital markets, the company’s announcement was suspended.
Considering that the above-mentioned documents are valid for one year and are now more than six months from the company’s last disclosure, it is necessary to update the material if the company wishes to continue to finance it in the future during the period of effectiveness. Therefore, the company’s current resubmission and release are a normal process forward.
If funding for Hong Kong is secured, there is short-term amortization, but it is expected to be relatively limited, and if financing for Hong Kong is secured, there is a short-term projection for expansion and extension of the industry chain. If financing for Hong Kong is secured, there is a modest short-term impact, but not more than 10%, and the actual amount of amortization does not preclude relative control.
In mid-point, if financing for Hong Kong is secured, it will help to significantly strengthen corporate capital, and help companies to expand middle-line and industrial chains. For two consecutive years, multiple epidemics have been repeated, and international tax-exempters will be pressured to varying degrees.
Central to this is the consolidation of domestic channels and the expansion of overseas channels, the improvement of supply chain efficiency (including the consolidation of upstream procurement systems through acquisition or investment of upstream brands), the promotion of extension of the industrial chain, etc., as compared with the earlier disclosure in November: the consolidation of domestic channels to the first level (formerly the opening of overseas channels), the strengthening of off-island duty-free shops and intra-municipal duty-free shops, etc., and the improvement of supply chain efficiency (including upstream brands of investments), etc.
Third (formerly the extension of the industrial chain) highlights the firm’s determination to further develop a large domestic tax-free market and to strengthen supply-chain capabilities. Table 2: China’s exemption from the use of funds (updated) and, in the light of our previous analysis, the year 2020-2021 will be the second year of global tax-exempt operations, with the prospect of further improvement in the future if we go to Hong Kong.
In addition, companies are not precluded from taking the opportunity to consider the introduction of war pitches, to further strengthen partnerships with upstream supply chains and quality channel resources, and to further consolidate the position of the world’s first market. In short, a company’s re-launching of port financing may have a modest impact in the short term, but may not exclude the eventual relatively manageable spread, and in the middle of the spectrum, the company’s position is that
The South China summer is expected to be launched in half a year under the company's heavy-pound new seaport project. In the light of our previous report, Hainan has recently introduced a number of policies to encourage consumption and diversion, and the South China passenger flow has gradually changed.
Good, but Hainan’s tax-free sales have improved since June. In particular, after 19 June, there has been a further acceleration in the adjustment of the foreign-provincial policy to Hainan, where passenger flows began to increase for six months, and the base pressure is expected to ease gradually in the second half of this year, especially after August, and the tourism market is expected to vary in particular, with sales promotions remaining relatively tight compared to the second half of last year.
A new project is expected to be launched by the end of this year’s national day, with the new seaport project expected to become the largest international tax-free business complex in Asia in the future, with the largest worldwide whiskey museum, multi-country flagships and first-hand shops, taking into account the need for high-end shopping and leisure experience, with more than 500 collaborative brands identified as of April this year.
In mid-year, the first phase of Sea Bay 2 will not preclude the prospect of introducing luxury brands or further upgrading of the fragrance centre, and the brand and shopping environment will be expected to upgrade. The investment proposal is: to resume the financing drive to Hong Kong, to complete global tax exemption first, and to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
In the near future, there may be a modest, but relatively limited, impact in the short term. In the medium-line, the firm is expected to accelerate both horizontal and vertical expansion, and the average value of the future international tax-exempt flagship is 30 x up and down, with no low levels of valuation, including a high premium for the fast-paced and long-term market and for the enhanced layout of the city’s stores.
The company itself has a much higher market share, net profit rate and growth than its counterparts abroad, and is now the world’s number one after the epidemic, and the current valuation levels are expected to support it well. Considering the company’s recovery in the second half of the year, new projects are expected to be new, and the arrival of the port is expected to contribute to accelerated expansion and strong supply chains, policy risks, market risks such as increased competition among new entrants, macroeconomic systemic risks, recurrent epidemics and high risk of containment, and exchange rates are significantly reduced.
Value risks, natural disasters, bad weather, etc., new projects may be starting or operating at a lower pace than expected, and there is still uncertainty about the finalization of funding for Hong Kong.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject