The size of the financing expansion, enhanced supply cooperation among the cornerstone investors - China's Hong Kong Stock Exchange Review (60188.sh) - On August 25, China was exempted from listing and trading in Hong Kong's main premises, resulting in a share +h
This is a global sale of a total of 103 million shares, based on a share of h, which helps to consolidate the advantages of the domestic market and further expand the foreign market.
About 41.3% was spent on duty-free shops in the investment market, including the expansion of Haiguchi/Sanya International and the renovation of 11 duty-free shops in the city. Some 22.5% were used to expand overseas channels, including the opening of intra-municipal/port duty-free shops, the acquisition of overseas retailers, etc.
This time a total of nine pillar investors were introduced, offering $6,238 million in sales shares. These include: 1) State capital, local government funds: the National Investment Fund, the National Investment Group, the National Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund, and the Hainan Self-Trade Port Investment Fund.
This investment is beneficial for both sides of the business partnership, as well as for each other’s old cellars, and for Amalie’s co-operation.
All along the supply chain, accelerated expansion of channels, increased logistics efficiency and supply capacity in mid- and long-range maritime transport, and greater cooperation at Shanghai Airport. The south-east epidemic has had a relatively moderate impact on the tax-free sector.
The Hainan epidemic has had a relatively short impact on the flow of passengers and porters. A circular was issued on August 15 for the orderly resumption of the operation of the Sanya airport, followed by a rapid increase in the flow of passengers in and out of Hainan airport since August 17.
It is expected that the epidemic will be complete. The impact of the epidemic is expected to be phased out, and performance will continue to increase.
After control, Hainan has a strong rebound and a resilient recovery, and the profits are expected to continue to improve.
The anticipated arrival of new domestic projects and the increase in the volume of foreign operations. Domestic: The return of passenger traffic, the opening of the Seagate International Free City in September, and the Sanya International Free City next year.
In mid-term, expansion has been completed. The Haiguchi International Free City can connect with the surrounding convention centres, business centres, etc. 2022.01.14 to attract the surrounding high-consumption population into shop shopping.
The company’s share in the market will continue to consolidate the domestic market’s advantages and further expand the foreign market. It will also be possible to sell tax-free goods to Cambodians through the city’s duty-free shops, each of which accumulates a maximum of US$ 10,000 per year.
Along with the gradual decline of the Hainan epidemic, the expected improvement, and the future of the tax-free city of the company, the expansion of foreign operations and the prominent position of the company. The risk of tightening the disease policy is expected: the risk of changes in industrial policy: the risk of increased competition in the industry: the new item.