The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies has resumed operations in Sanya Free City, the immediate recovery of the off-island economy is reported to have been released by the Free Investor Relations Public No. 9.20, and Sanya International Free City No. 1 and No. 2 will be released in September.
Until then, operations were resumed and duty-free until the island was returned to normal operations; in addition, the company will be hosting China-China membership days online and offline at 9.22, with several discounts expected to heat up sales. The south-east outbreak is at the end stage, and the number of flights at the two airports has improved.
For the airport, 1. In the past week, the outbreak has reached a point where two h can be repaired.
(9.13-9.19) The number of real flights at Melanes Airport is 1,265, a 9.3 per cent increase from August; the number of actual flights at Phoenix Airport has reached 236 in the past week, a 28.7 per cent decline from August, and a decrease of 2.
The policy provides for the resumption of work and the immediate recovery of duty-free work off the island. The Hainan government issued Hainan Province 3.
The Programme of Action for the Prevention and Control of the Epidemic and the Recovery of the Economy and Special Measures for the Alleviation of Poverty in Hainan Province: 50 million yuan in tourist vouchers for tourists from outside the island, support for hotel arrivals and tickets to view areas, etc., to stimulate the recovery of the flow and the recovery of consumption; and a “Honan Village Theme Tour” for residents of the island.
According to the big data, after the 9.15 tripod was unsealed, the number of trip tickets searched was 8-1200 + 16 times higher, and the number of airline tickets searched the same day was + 70% higher than the previous day. The New Deal and the Golden Week are expected to lead to a tax-free recovery from South China’s passenger flows and off-islands.
The first boxer robot runs on-line, and the supply chain continues to be modernized. A boxer robot project under the company’s flag recently ran in the pre-Hin Shenzhen marine power vendor warehouse at cdf, unlike the usual tray robots, which can transport target sku directly to the staff.
Higher sorting accuracy. It is expected that when the box is officially operational, the pick-up capacity will double, the error rate will be less than one in 10,000, and the warehouse shelf will be expanded from only four to seven levels, subject to manual pick-up restrictions, so that the container will be upgraded from 4,500 to 9,000, with a significant improvement in the overall operation of the electrical warehouse.
Li Xingray, the company’s credit-flow highlands are being strengthened, and two major projects and shares are expected to increase in the market in Seaton Free City + Seagate Bay Phase 2.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment