Quintyresearch, companyresearch, travelretaliii chinatourismgroupdutyfreecorporation (601888), re-submitting applicationforh-sharelisting, ctdutity
Freeisexpectedtofurterexpanditsduty-freebusiness buy
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Announceditssubmissionforlisating application to Hongkongstock exchangeforthesecondtime, re-startinghkipoprocessafterannouncushingsubsponsionof
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I.e. no more than 10% oftoralshares.
Domesticchannels, expansoverseesfootprint, improvespply-chainefficiency, upgrade informationtechnologyssystems, and üin2021, tcdouttyfreeacontractedfor 24.6% ofmarketshareinglobaltraderealreal
Industryanddemonstradedcontuouslyimproving recordadvantageasindustry leader.accordingtofrest&sollivan, ctdutyfree'smarketshareingglobaltradefasicdata
Industryreached 24.6% in 2021, upby 2pctstrom22.6% in 2020.andglobalringby maretsharemaininsthesamesinceten.continousincreaseingglobalmarketsharewil bringconfinousoptimizationinddf'ssupplychain.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do anything about it.
"China Free" (601888), White Cloud Airport Free.
Attention is drawn to the fact that the tax supplemental agreement between the tax supplements of the dutyfree's marketsharedeclinedby 6.3 per cent pctsto 86 per cent From92.3 per cent in 2020.evenso, ctg dutyfreestilhassignificantscaladvantagesoveritsoveritsrivalswhoonlyoccupysingle-digit increases its performance.
I'm sorry, markshare, andweexpectetoseitsmarketsharerefundswoyearstotheworksthanstoresintainan.
China Central Avoidance (601888) 2021 and International FullForre-AccelerationofDuty-Fremarketexpansion. First Quarterly Review 2022: Profit margin ring ratio
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
We projectnetprofettoreach underdevelopmentofh-shareissuing, thep/evaluationwouldbeat51x/33x/30xin2022-2024.soochouseconsulties international
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's ever been there, but you're the only one who's been there, and you're the one who's been there, and you're the one who's been there, and you're the one who's the one who's been there, and you're the one who's the one who's been there, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's been there, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's got the one who's got the one who got the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
risks: sporadicpandemicresurgence; lower-than-expectedrecoverofconsumption support supportedbysoochow willingness.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
China Free (601888) Resubmission of H stock listing, financing of tax-free operations
▪ Incident: On the evening of 30 June 2022, China exempted the issuance of the December December announcement on the re-transmission to Hong Kong, suspending the posting of foreign listings and re-opening Hong Kong ipo. ▪ Resubmission of offshore listing applications and further expansion of financing support operations.
On 11 November, the CSRC approved the issuance of a new foreign exchange of up to 195 million shares, the improvement of the efficiency of the supply chain, the upgrading of information technology systems, market promotion and the further improvement of the staff system.
In 2021, China avoided a global retail tourism market share of 24.6%, and the advantage of the leader continued to rise. The updated offer contained more complete industry data for 2021 and the latest research.
The Group’s 2021 market share is 24.6%, an increase of 2 percentage points from 22.6% in 2020. A sustained increase in global shares will lead to continued optimized supply chains.
According to Frost Sullivan, the tax-exempt market pattern in China changed considerably in 2021. As a result of the issuance of tax-exempt license plates in Hainan Island, the share of the middle-market exemption was given a share in circulation (million shares)
The rival's numerical share remains significant and is expected to enter the market with the South China tax-free pole project, Seagate International, Sea Bay Phase II, which will be invested over the next two years.
The airport ' s tax-exempt supplementary agreement has led to higher levels of activity, with attention to recovery after the second half of the year and targets for profit predictions and investment ratings: liberalization of control of the epidemic, and the restoration of international routes in favour of tax-free industries
The expansion of the market size has accelerated again; the position of the market is strong and the additional off-island duty-free pole shop will have a greater impact on the epidemic, but in the medium and long term, China is expected to benefit from the annual report and the first quarter of 2022:
On the evening of 30 June 2022, China issued a report entitled " On the Resubmission of Foreign Lists to Hong Kong Union " .
The Foreign Exchange Unit (h) applied for and published a notice of applications, which was re-opened to Hong Kong after a December 2021 announcement suspending listing abroad. Resubmitted for listing abroad, further expansion of financing support operations.
The CSRC has approved the issuance of up to 195 million shares of offshore foreign shares, i.e. 10% of the total stock. The company intends to raise funds to strengthen domestic channels, expand overseas channels, improve the efficiency of the supply chain, upgrade information technology systems, market promotion, and further improve the membership system.
Table 1: Purpose of fund-raising 1 - Consolidation of domestic channels: (1) Investment in about 8 tax-free shops at major airports: development of new ones; renewal of concessions
(2) Investment in about 20 other duty-free shops at other ports: development of new ones; renewal of franchise (3) investment in about 20 tax-based tourism retail projects (4) Tax-free shops in investment markets: renovation, procurement and operation of approximately 11 municipal duty-free shops; expansion of Seagate International tax-free city; further expansion of Sanya International
2. Expanding overseas channels: (1) opening of approximately six offshore duty-free shops: further expanding the network of duty-free shops in Hong Kong and Australia; and finding opportunities to open offshore duty-free shops, currently located in Japan, Sri Lanka and Laos
(2) Expansion of offshore port duty-free shops: seeking tax-free concessions for Asian airports and opening of additional duty-free shops; renewal of concessions for Hong Kong International Airport and Australian International Airport (3) expansion of approximately 6 cruise duty-free stores
(4) Selective acquisition of 2-3 retail overseas tourism operators 3 and improvement of supply chain efficiency: (1) Investment Development Logistics Centre: development of the former Shenzhen Sea and Sanya Bay Logistics Centre
(2) Upgrading of existing supply chains: upgrading of domestic logistics centres; recruitment and training of supply chain personnel (3) Consolidation of upstream procurement systems: acquisition or investment of upstream brands; optimization of overseas commodity procurement portfolios; recruitment and training of professional procurement staff; integration of information technology systems:
(1) Integration of online and offline business platforms, development of smart commodity procurement and management systems and refinement of centralized crm systems (2) Recruitment and training of IT talent 5, market outreach and further improvement of membership systems
(1) Market promotion: advertising and brand promotion activities; recruitment and strengthening of market promotion teams (2) membership system building: attracting new clients to membership schemes; raising the membership rights of existing members 24.6 per cent of the global retail tourism market in China in 2021, with the advantage of the flagship continuously rising.
According to Frost Sullivan, the ranking in 2021 remained unchanged, with the group’s market share of 2021 rising by 24.6%, up 2 percentage points from 22.6% in 2020. A sustained increase in the global share will lead to continued supply chain optimization.
In 2021, China was exempted from duty-free market shares of 86.0% in China, and the share was squeezed by competition, but the absolute advantage remained unchanged. According to Flost Sullivan, the pattern of duty-free markets in China changed considerably in 2021.
Between points and 86%. China continues to have a large numerical advantage against its competitors, and is expected to have a market share based on the Hainan tax-free poles project, Seagate International, Seagate Bay Phase II, invested in the next two years. Figure 1: Split operating income by class of goods (Billions of yuan)
Profit forecasting and investment rating: liberalized control of the epidemic, the recovery of international routes has facilitated the expansion of the duty-free sector market, Chang has accelerated again; the position of the market is strong, the new off-island tax-free pole shop will be brought into operation in 2022/2023, and the market share will be raised. In the short and long term, China will be well-received.
This report is presented in a diligent, independent and objective manner, with all the views contained therein accurately reflecting the personal views of this person on the said securities or issuers; I have made specific suggestions or views in this report.
Past performance is not considered to be the future, either directly or indirectly.