A short-term disturbance of the epidemic, the recovery of which is under way, a net profit of $3.94 billion, a reduction of 26.5 per cent, a net profit of $3.93 billion from the withdrawal of the disease and a recurrent impact on passenger flows and logistics networks, leading to a decline in income.
The number of people leaving the island fell by 56%-79%-66% in May, depending on the customs number at the mouth of the sea.
In addition, the Shanghai epidemic caused the temporary closure of the logistics network for 39 days, which affected direct mail. 22q2 companies achieved revenues of $10.87 billion, equivalent to 37.5 per cent. Since late May, the epidemic has been brought under control.
In particular, a series of policies to stimulate consumption and steady growth, such as the resumption of work in the Shanghai region, the launch of the first International Outer Islands Free Shopping Festival in Hainan and the accompanying distribution of consumer vouchers, the resumption of inter-provincial tourism in the country, and a significant recovery in sales of shops; and a marked improvement in corporate sales rings in June, with an increase of 13 per cent in the same year.
The epidemic is gradually improving, and the performance is expected to improve. On July 13-27, San Phoenix Airport made 4764 flights, an increase of 39.4 per cent in the ring, which is expected to improve significantly.
Q2 net operating profits are estimated at around 700 million yuan, excluding the higher profits from the supplementary agreements. 22q2, the public sector supplementary agreements generate profits of about 700 million yuan, and 22q2 actual operating profits of about 700 million yuan.
Investment proposal: Against the background of a recurring q2 domestic epidemic, 22h1 performed slightly better than expected, and the flow and sales of Hainan are expected to continue to improve as the epidemic improves.
Van Hing-hyeong, cfa, who worked for the Sino-Thai Securities, the Sino-Golden International Securities, and the team got a new one in 2015
Masters graduated in finance engineering at the University of Illinois, and undergraduates in finance at the University of Gangdan. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.