China ' s middle class (601888). 31 August 2022, with the impact of the epidemic, has become more resilient and less profitable.
In China, the annual report for the first half of 2022 was released and the company earned 27,650 million yuan in the first half of the year. China, which is currently the leader of duty-free domestic retail trade, collected 10,868 million yuan, or 37.5 per cent, and achieved a net return profit of 1.374 billion yuan, or -45.2 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the country’s many epidemics affected the island’s duty-free operations, and the airport channels have not yet been restored. The distribution, retailing, and the distribution of duty-free goods, such as the first half.
In the first half of the year, the number of people leaving the island declined by 37% in the first half of the year, and the number of people staying overnight began to rise at the same rate as in March.
Between 17.14% and 55.1% in the first half of the year, respectively.
China’s average volume of sales increased nearly twice as much as at the beginning of the year, partially compensating for the negative impact of the epidemic. With regard to airport access, the global epidemic situation remains critical, with the pipeline continuing to be under pressure.
The discounts have reduced the marginal improvement of the Māori rate, and the airport rent relief has increased the margin of profit. The tax-free discounts have been reduced in 22 years, with the Māori ring increasing by 5.5 pct. to 34 per cent over the second half of last year. The discounts will return to normal levels, and the Māori rate is expected to rise slightly.
The company signed a supplementary agreement with White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou to refund rents of about $750 million, bringing the same cost of sales to 2.44 pct. to 6.84 per cent, with significant profit increases; the devaluation of the renminbi affecting the exchange rate is expected to remain low and, with the recovery of the Māori rate and the short-term erosion of exchange gains and losses, the company's consolidation is expected to remain low.
Short- and long-term attention has been given to opening up the exit and opening of the city’s stores. In July, more rebounding after the epidemic, dissipation sessions, summers, etc.
In August, the Hainan epidemic rebounded, and research assistant Wei Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo.
In the medium-to-long term, the second half of the Seagate tax-free city, which is free of charge, will be able to fill the gap in the company’s large-scale tax-free store at Seagate, which is expected to be another increase.
Long-term. Airport channels are concerned about the enormous recovery space created by the global warming of the epidemic.
The pace of internal and overseas market expansion is expected to lead to further improvements in the capacity of the supply chain, branding cooperation, membership management, digitalization, etc. This trip to Hong Kong reflects the company’s strategic objective of actively expanding the global market, and the company’s international market visibility and competitiveness are expected to continue.
Profit forecasts: The company ' s performance will be more affected by the epidemic in the short term, and if the outbreak breaks down, the company, as a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, will fully benefit from the industry ' s growth dividend, and short-term attention to the impact of the epidemic will reduce tax-free access from the island.
Recovering, the medium- and long-term airport pipeline recovery, and the housing of stores in the city offer enormous additional space. Considering the company, China’s middle-level immunity (601888): the epidemic has had its impact on the resilience of operations, the marginal improvement of profitability, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China has been affected by the epidemic by strong operational resilience and a marginal improvement in profitability.
Liu Tanda, research assistant brief Wei Woo-ming.
Liu Xueqing is responsible for the study of hotels, restaurants, uniforms, local life, medical beauty, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.