Better than expected, better Māori rate, net profit of $3.938 billion, equal gain of 26.49 per cent, net profit of $3.928 billion from deductions and later return of mothers, Fan Xinxing
The epidemic has repeatedly affected passenger flows and logistics networks, affecting q2 revenue. Repeatedly affected by the epidemic, the number of people leaving the island at Hainan airport fell by 56%-79%-66% in May, respectively, and according to customs at the sea port, 22q2 is free of charge, amounting to $6.44 billion, or 52.5%.
The outbreak caused the temporary closure of the logistics network for 39 days, which affected direct mail. Beginning in late May, as the epidemic was brought under control, particularly the resumption of work in the Shanghai region, the launch of the first International Out-of-island Free Shopping Festival in Hainan, and the accompanying consumer vouchers, a series of policies to stimulate consumption and steady growth.
Intensity, the resumption of inter-provincial tourism in the country, and a significant recovery in sales. 22h1 generated revenue of 27.651 billion yuan, equivalent to 22.17 per cent; among them, tax-free stores in Sanya achieved revenue of 15.3 billion yuan, equal to 17.14 per cent, while China achieved revenue of 773 million yuan, equal to 34.74 per cent in Shanghai, Japan and China.
To achieve revenue of 5,454 million yuan and 5.32 per cent less, the sea is exempt from revenue of 3,459 million yuan, and to continue to optimize the terms of the procurement and to actively pursue precise marketing strategies to ensure that the prices of commodities and profits are reduced substantially in China. 22h1, to achieve net profit deductions from the return to the mother of 3,928 million yuan.
25.40% of them realized a net return profit of 2,458 million yuan and a reduction of 3.94%, while China realized a net return profit of 9,957.5 million yuan and a reduction of 78,531.17 million yuan in the same year.
Shanghai achieved a net return profit of 246 million yuan, a reduction of 54.19 per cent, and a net return gain of 182 million yuan, a reduction of 81.12 per cent.
At the beginning of the month, as a result of renewed outbreaks in Hainan, flights to and from Hainan airports dropped sharply, with a cumulative of 0.69 million flights to and from Hainan as at 29 August, a 60.25 per cent reduction in the ring.
Wait for the epidemic to improve, and the company’s performance is expected to materialize in the wake of the epidemic.
In the best interests of the world, the Hainan passenger flow and sales are expected to continue improving.
\triangleright Fan Hing-hwan, cfa, formerly in the Chinese-Thai and Chinese-Soldier International Securities, his team won 3rd wealth in 2015 and 4th in 2016. Master graduated from the University of Illinois Champagne in the United States.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.