Incident: 30 August 2022, China did not publish the semi-annual report 2022: Gross operating income.
There has been a sharp decline in the flow of passengers to the island in the south. The number of passenger traffic at the Melanes airport at sea is 2.1 million, which is 40 per cent of the same period last year and 40 per cent of the same period in 2019; the number of passenger traffic at the San Phoenix airport is 1.38 million, which is 28 per cent of the same period last year and 32 per cent of the same period in 2019.
The Māori ratio is stable, and the q2 financial costs affected by the devaluation of the renminbi have risen significantly. q2 Māori dollars have appreciated by about 5.4% against the renminbi, resulting in companies recognizing a loss of exchange of $470 million and a quarterly financial fee.
The decline in the cost of sales is clearly due to the impact of white clouds on airport rent recovery and stable management costs. The number of patients diagnosed with an outbreak in Hainan has been reduced, and the sea mouth has been actively recommenced.
In the last three days, no more than 300 people have been diagnosed across the island. In late August, work began on the seafront, and the customs-free shop has been reopened.
It's 45/27/24 times higher. Free control of the epidemic, and the return of international routes to the retail tourism sector have led to tax-free sales from the island in August.
China is free from the gradual recovery of provincial and outbound tourism as a tourist retail leader. Access to the Hainan retail market is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in the retail tourism climate.
China ' s China Free (601888): Second International Consumer Exposition, where tax-free traders and luxury groups are active.
Incidents: On the evening of 30 August 2022, China released its semi-annual report for 2022: gross operating income of 27,650 million yuan, net non-repatriate earnings of 1.37 billion yuan, yoy-43.7%, affected by the second quarter of the epidemic, the flow of passengers to the island in Hainan fell sharply. Seaport and Lan airport traffic amounted to 2.1 million, 40% of the same period last year, and 40% of the same period in 2019.
Airport traffic amounted to 1.38 million passengers, compared to 28 per cent in the same period last year, and 32 per cent in the same period in 2019. As a result of online activity, earnings were largely eliminated and profits reduced more than the overall drop in passenger flows, reflecting business resilience.
The q1 ratio of 34.0 per cent remained generally stable, reflecting firm price control. The q2 appreciation against the renminbi was approximately 5.4 per cent, resulting in companies confirming a currency exchange loss of 470 million yuan, while the quarterly financial cost rate rose to 5.7 per cent and the dollar still appreciated against the renminbi at around 3.1 per cent on 1 July, and is expected to have a continuing impact on financial costs.
This round has reached a peak of 300 people across the island in the last three days. Seafronts have been actively reopened since late August, and their tax-exempt stores have been reopened.
The Sanya epidemic is in its final stages, and the society is showing zero. Profit predictions and investment ratings: the August epidemic has had a chilling effect on the Hainan to the island, sustaining the impact of the epidemic, and the expansion of the retail tourism market has accelerated again.
In 2022 and 2023, it became operational, re-entering the market to raise its share of the market, and in the medium- and long-term it was expected that China would benefit from the gradual recovery of provincial and outbound travel as a travel-retail tap. The luxury, the luxury of entering the Hainan retail market is expected to contribute to a sustained rise in the tourism retail climate. The short- and long-term impact of the epidemic is expected to be gradually released, and the marginal improvements are expected to be released.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board