The Cdf Seagate International Free City is being opened, setting up the World Brigade, and on 29 September 2022, the retailing industry developed a new logo.
#Current #Change #Rock Up #Short Assets # Events: Cdf Seagate International tax-exempt City Officer announced that it would open on October 28th, attracting over 800 brands to become the world's largest monolithic tax-exempt store.
cdf International Tax Free Towns Office opened on October 28, and will become the world’s largest single-body tax-free shop. The Haikou International Free City is estimated to be 280,000 square metres of construction and 150,000 square metres of retail sales, and is a world-class business block with tax exemptions, leisure, recreation, etc.
More than 800 internationally recognized brands have been identified, thousands of brands are planned to be introduced, and the corporate retail tourism platform brands have been enriched.
The total area of tourism retail outlets operated by duty-free operators across the island will be 490,000 square metres, from 180,000 to 330,000 square metres.
With more than 90% of the traffic on the island, the share is expected to go up. With tax-free consumption being more linear, door-to-door traffic is critical. With the opening of the project, the new port in close proximity to the city will be able to reach the limit of nearly 70% of the traffic on the island.
The opening of the tax-free city at Hainan Island is expected to accelerate the recovery of Hainan cruises to the island.
The off-island tax-free shop closed in early August by the epidemic has been fully re-established, and the China Central Free (601888): in 2022, Hainan's trip to the island is gradually returning. The opening of Haiguchi International will be a catalyst for the return to the island.
Report Review: The impact of the epidemic on key communicators is expected to speed up the recovery of the upper islands.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the impact of the O3 Hainan epidemic, the overall duty-free sales off the island were more affected by the drop in the number of tourists, and the international tax-free city at Haiguchi was delayed by about a month than originally planned.
This has resulted in tax-free sales off the island in August, amounting to 877/144.9/1604 billion, corresponding to 52/30/26 times.
Liberalization of regulations and the resumption of international routes have helped to expand the size of the retail tourism sector again. The market is well established in China, with new duty-free pole shops on the island going into operation in 2022/2023, re-entering the market to raise their share of the market, and keeping China safe from tourism in the medium to long term.
The short- and long-term impact of the epidemic is expected to be gradually released and the “buy-in” rating maintained. The Cdf Seagate International tax-exempt City Officer announced that he would open on 28 October, attracting more than 800 products.
The Cdf Seagate International tax-free city officials opened on October 28 and will become the world’s largest single-size tax-free shop.
Leisure and other world-class resorts. With the strong brand appeal of the Middle and Free Group and a good market, more than 800 internationally recognized brands have been identified, thousands of brands are planned for introduction, and the Retail and Retail Platform brands have been enriched.
In terms of operational space, after the opening of the Seagate Free City, the size of the Hainan Tourism Retail Port will increase from 52% to 67% of the island. The total size of the island ' s duty-free tourist retail outlets will be 490,000 flat.
The large increase in service capacity is conducive to a further increase in the size of sales. Figure 1: Current duty-free operators in the off-islands as a proportion of the area in which duty-free operators operate.
Over 90% of the cards go to the island, and the share is expected to go up. As duty-free consumption is more linear, door-to-door traffic is critical. Tourists travel to the island only by ferry/air.
Since the launch of the project, the new port flow, which is close to Seagate International, accounts for nearly 70% of island-wide ferry traffic. According to the data from previous years, 91% of the island's passenger flow will be to and from Hainan Island.
The opening of the Seagate Free City is expected to speed up the recovery of Hainan cruises to the island. This year, Hainan cruises to the island were more affected by the epidemic in q2 and q3 and, by the end of September, the high-risk areas in Sanya had been cleared of all types of production order. In August, the off-island duty-free shop, which had been closed as a result of the outbreak, was fully operational, and Hainan cruises to the island were gradually recovering.
Industry will be an important catalyst for the return to the island, which is expected to accelerate the return of the upper island. Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the impact of the q3 south outbreak, the overall duty-free sales off the island will be affected by the drop in tourist arrivals, and the international tax-free city at Haiguchi will be operating for about a month after the original plan, reducing company revenue by 2022-2024.
Step recovery, deregulation of the epidemic, and the resumption of international routes have helped to speed up the expansion of the retail tourism sector. The market-free position is strong, with the new off-island duty-free pole shop being brought into operation in 2022/2023, re-entering the city’s up-scaling route, and China’s medium- and long-term preference for the gradual recovery of provincial and out-of-country trips benefiting from tourism as a retail leader.
The short- and long-term effects of the epidemic are expected to be released gradually, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. China’s top three financial forecast forms are exempt.