2022H1 Performance Update: Performance reflects operational resilience, and attention is paid to the semi-annual start-up of the pole project: on the evening of 27 July 2022, China released its semi-annual performance report for 2022.
Publication of the main financial data for the semi-annual year 2022: gross operating income of $27.65 billion, or 22.2 per cent of the year;
The market has fully anticipated a decline in performance through the tracking of passenger flows. From two seasons of income, profit cuts are better than the decline in China’s passenger flow, performance is higher than market expectations, and when Hainan re-enters the island, attention is paid to the opening of Hainan International Free City in the second half of the year.
At the beginning, as the domestic epidemic subsided, and as local consumption and growth policies were introduced, corporate passenger flows and sales gradually recovered. As of July 25, Sanya airport inflows resumed to 91% of the same period last year.
With the launch of the Seagate International Free City project in the third quarter, more than 90% of the island’s passenger flow will have to pass, and the share is expected to go up the ladder.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: free control of the epidemic, and the recovery of international routes will be conducive to tourism retailing
China Free China (601888): Resubmission of industry market size expansion is increasing again; China Free market position is strong, new off-island tax-free shop h shares are on the market, financing is provided for tax-exempt industries
In the medium-to-long term, it is expected that China will be spared as a leading tourist retailer. In the evening of 27 July 2022, China released its semi-annual performance report for 2022 and released 2022.
Biannual key financial data: gross operating income of $27.65 billion, or 22.2 per cent of the year; operating profits of $5.30 billion, which are better than the profits of the o2 battalion than those of Hainan, reflecting operational resilience, with $1.087 billion in the second quarter alone, or 37.5 per cent of the year; net return earnings of $1.380 billion, or -45.2 per cent of the year, were affected by the epidemic in the second quarter, resulting in a sharp decline in the flow of passengers to the island in South China, and a sharp decline in the flow of passengers to the island in the United States of America at Sea.
Since the beginning of the year, the market has fully anticipated a decline in performance through the tracking of the flow. With two seasons of income, profit cuts are higher than those in the south than those in the south of the sea, performance is higher than market expectations, reflecting a certain resumption of the South China cruise to the island, and attention is paid to the opening of the Seagate International Free City in the second half of the year.
As of 25 July, the Sanya airport had returned to 91 per cent of the same period; there had been a slight recurrence of the sea-port epidemic, which had returned cumulatively to about 66 per cent of the same period last year. With the launch of the Triangese International Free City project in the third quarter, 90 per cent of the cards had been released.
The above-mentioned upper-island passenger flow is on the way, and the share is expected to go up the ladder. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: deregulation of the epidemic, the recovery of international routes favouring the expansion of the retail tourism sector market again; and a strong market-free position, with new off-island tax-free poles to be concentrated in 2022/2023.
In the medium and long term, it is considered that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.