On June 30, 2022, the company announced that it had resubmitted to Hong Kong, China, the Hong Kong Federation the Hong Kong stock listing application submitted for listing on the main board and that it would publish the application on its website.
The scheme was suspended in December 2021 because of the impact of the epidemic and fluctuations in the market. This reboot reflects the firm’s confidence in the rapid recovery of tax-exempt operations, while consolidating international resources to enhance global competitiveness.
The tax-free market continues to expand, and out-of-date interest has developed. According to the listing application, the Hainan Ex-Island tax-free shop, as the main driver of company business, has earned 69.5% of its income in 2021, rising 12.5% by the same year, and up to 72.1% in the first quarter of the 22nd year.
The company is expected to accelerate the expansion of the tax-free industrial chain, strengthen capital operations, and achieve a domestic and external two-cycle expansion, and the company’s future competitive advantage in the international duty-free market is to be expected. Summer tours are hot, aggressive, and consumer-driven.
According to data from the Internet, the number of airline tickets to Sanya and Seagates last weekend increased by 93% and 92%. In the south, a number of supportive policies, including the issuance of duty-free purchase vouchers from off-island purchases, have been put in place to direct the flow of fees abroad and enhance the development of channels to enhance international competitiveness.
In addition to the policy support that is expected to boost duty-free sales off the island, there is still room for growth. New projects are driving up the growth in performance, with the opening of the tax-free city of Hainan.
These include investments in about 8 airport duty-free shops, about 20 port duty-free shops, 20 tax-free tourism retail projects, the opening of 6 offshore and 11 home-grown duty-free shops, the construction of the Sea mouth duty-free city and the expansion of the Sea Bay duty-free city, while companies are expected to selectively acquire two or three overseas retail operators.
Strengthening its own channels and international supply chain systems. The Seagate International Free City is expected to open on September 30, 22, to position the largest high-end duty-free consumer city in the world, focusing on high-consumption groups, deepening the branding influence of products and services, and increasing corporate performance.
Given the company’s position as a tax-free industry leader, several new projects have been added up to stimulate tax-free consumption, and Hong Kong’s stock market plans have been highlighted.
China Free: Airport Agreement Landing Stress Reduction, Henan Brigade Division ' s confidence in expanding international influence, medium- and long-term viewing of consumption returns as an advantage in scale-up, fuelling the rise of the public and private markets.
China Free: Epidemic Disturbing q1 Performance Pressure, On-line Sub-Symbiosis, 2020424 China Free: January-February 22nd year meets expectations, full-year performance
The epidemic has repeatedly affected passenger flows, increased competition in duty-free markets, and less-than-expected policies.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Merchant and retail: tourism retailii