According to Sino-Find Investor Relations Public No. 8.18, the Sano Phoenix Airport tax-free shop has been in operation since 9 p.m. on 17th.
After the outbreak in the south of the ocean, Sanya established a tourist return.
As of 18th year, 317,000 passengers have returned from Sanya airport.
In response to the pressure to sell below the tax-free line from the island since August, the company has steadily resumed its work in reverse and has effectively and rigorously implemented its anti-control policy, reflecting the firm’s strong ability to operate. Reference is made to the 1h22 restoration process, which has led to a high degree of certainty in the response to the current epidemic.
8.1-8.18 The cumulative number of confirmed cases for the current round of the epidemic amounts to 6235, of which 441 cases were diagnosed in China, and 329 cases in Sanya, where the epidemic is still ongoing; 615 departure flights from Melan and Phoenix Airport, 9-18, have been scheduled to transport 90,000 passengers in an orderly manner.
With the liberalization of the policy, 98.5.1042 million passengers from Meran Airport in June/July (Run +49.6 per cent) and the apparent speed of the June air traffic volume ratio at Meran/Fircon airport, which was compounded by the opening of the Seagate Free City in September, we expect a return to the June recovery of passenger flows after the outbreak in the south of the sea.
And the supply chain and business improvements, combined with the current year’s two-point project, with channels/scale operating advantages, are expected to benefit fully from tax-free expansion and quota increases, and to grow in the medium to long term. The company’s ability to operate as the absolute leader of our tax-free country’s precision card flow is growing.
The long-term share is expected to rise further in the context of the tax-exempt expansion. In the face of the negative, we still look firmly at the company’s leading position in the tunnel/operation, maintaining the previous profit forecast, and expect the company to return to net profit in 22-24 years, Lee Jin Lei.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is then calculated on an average basis and the final rating is calculated as an average market investment.