The Hainan epidemic led to duty-free sales from the island in August, emotional stress, and a marginal improvement in subterranean fertility on August 14th, 2022.
Incidents: Between 000 hours on 1 August and 2400 hours on 12 August 2022, 3315 confirmed cases and 3084 cases of non-symptomatic infections were reported in China Province, where 3315 confirmed cases were reported between 1 August and 2400 hours on 12 August.
For example, there are 3084 cases of non-symptomatic infections on the mainland; of these, 2,633 cases have been diagnosed in Sanya and 2,826 cases have been diagnosed, accounting for more than 85% of the reported cases in Hainan Province.
After the launch of the New Deal for Free Trade off the Island in July of that year, after a one-year dividend release period, the amount of free shopping has been gradually synchronized with the trend in South China’s passenger population, showing a similar increase and drop.
According to a follow-up on the flow of arrivals at San Phoenix and Melanes Airports, two passenger flows have declined significantly since August, and duty-free sales from the island are expected to be synchronized in August. Tax-free traders are active on direct mail platforms to respond to the impact of the epidemic.
From August 4/5/8 to August 8, respectively, the Asia-Pacific Free City/Sea Control Global Expeditions Free City has been temporarily closed and has been on a platform to respond to the impact of the epidemic. Cdf members have purchased the Hot 8 shopping festival on August 8-16 to guide consumers unable to shop on the ground to go straight down the line.
According to the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, in July, it was sold at about $1 billion on the line of duty-free shops off the island. Under the direction of further flow placements and promotions, the off-island sales of duty-free shops on the island will shift online during the onset of the epidemic, sharing sales pressure to a certain extent.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the repressive effects of the August epidemic on the flow of passengers to the island in Hainan, the international consumer goods fair was held downwards, with tax-exempt dealers, 100 million yuan (formerly $946.146.916.32 billion), corresponding to 44/26/24 times.
The resumption of international routes has facilitated a further acceleration of the expansion of the retail tourism sector market; the market is well established and the new off-island tax-free pole shop will be brought into operation in 2022/2023, and it will be re-established as China Free (601888): 2022h1
In the medium- and long-term, China will benefit from the gradual recovery of the provinces and the diaspora as a tourist retail leader. The luxury, the luxury of entering the Hainan retail market is expected to promote the Hainan Brigade’s fast-track performance assessment: performance reflects business.
Retailing has continued to rise. The short- and long-term effects of the epidemic have not changed, and the marginal improvements are expected. Resiliency, attention to the semi-annual start of the pole project.
From 1 August to 2400 hours on 12 August, Henan Province reported 3315 confirmed cases and 3084 non-symptomatic infections.
For the first time in the country, it was reported that the poison strain was the Omicium mutagenic bara5.1.3. The outbreak control command in Hainan Province is still in rapid development, showing some spillovers from Sanya to other cities.
After a year of bonus release from the island in July 2020, the amount of duty-free shopping has been on the same level as the number of passengers in Hainan, which is largely consistent with the increase and drop. According to the entry port for San Phoenix, Sean America, and the other airports,
The traffic data track shows a sharp decline in the two passenger flows since August, and it is expected that duty-free sales from the island will be synchronized in August.
Tax-exempters are active on direct mail platforms to respond to the impact of the epidemic. Tax-exempt stores in the Tri-Asian Sea and tax-exempt international cities have been temporarily closed since August 4/5/8, respectively, to respond to the impact of the epidemic. Cdf members have purchased to open the “hot 8 shopping festival” on August 8-16.
According to the Hainan Department of Commerce, sales on the Hainan off-island free shop line in July were about 1 billion yuan. Under the direction of further flow placements and promotions, the off-island free shop sales in Hainan will shift along the line during the onset of the epidemic, sharing sales pressure to a certain extent.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the repressive effects of the August epidemic on the Hainan passenger flow, the recovery of the inter-country 2022-Touran route has facilitated a further acceleration of the expansion of the retail tourism market; the market is well established and the new duty-free pole shop will be brought into operation in 2022/2023 and will re-enter the market to increase its share of the market in the medium to long term.
China’s long-term impact is likely to increase. The short- and long-term trends in the impact of the epidemic, with marginal improvements, are expected to gradually release and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In China, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.