The impact of the epidemic has raised the Māori Ring and the company's profitability has continued to increase.
28 July 2022 The decline in business performance of 22h1 was due to the spread of the epidemic in the country during the period and the impact of the frequency of the epidemic on the company's day-to-day operations in the short term, with the number of people leaving the island at Hainan airport falling by 56 per cent, 79 per cent, 66 per cent in the month of March-May, and the first half of the year.
The cumulative decline was 37 per cent, and the company ' s tax-free doorway flow, especially in the Hainan region, fell significantly in the same year; the Shanghai area, owing to market data: 39 days of temporary closure of the logistics point on 27 July 2022 for outbreak control, had a significant impact on the company ' s offline sales.
In June, the resumption of work boosted tax-free consumption surges. Since late May, with the relief of the domestic epidemic, particularly the resumption of work in the Shanghai region, the issuance of multi-area consumer vouchers, etc., and the intensification of policies to stimulate consumption and steady growth, the resumption of inter-provincial tourism in the country has made it clear that the company’s sales have returned.
In June, the company sales ring increased significantly, with a 13% increase in the same year. According to China Customs, in the first half of this year, customs at sea regulated duty-free sales of goods off the island (excluding purchases by members) by 211.6 base data: 31 March 2022
The Māori rate has improved over the period. The Māori ratio for company-owned business in 22h1 has declined from last year. While pursuing size, profitability and growth, companies pay more attention to rising profit levels, ensuring a stable balance between commodity prices and profits by optimizing procurement terms and actively pursuing precision marketing strategies.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.