In the first half of the year, the performance of the social services, tourism and viewing areas was in line with that of the flash report, with phase q2 under pressure.
Repeatedly, the white cloud airport rents are back on the rise by 600-70 million and currency exchange losses by 470 million. Operations: pressured in March-May, with a tax share exceeding 40% in the first half of the year. 1) Hainan tax exemption: Sanya zhanglu5@guosen.com.cnyangyuying@guosen.com.cn
The profits are $182 million/-64.33 per cent, and the outbreak has been on-line, with members buying the sea at the end of q2 with an average increase of two times the volume of sales in the south of the day compared to the beginning of the year. 2) The duty-free entry/exit duty is still under pressure, with the equivalent of direct mail.q2 sales rate of 3.95 per cent/-4.82 pct, mainly due to the recovery of rent from White Cloud Airport.
Management rate 3.98/+1.42 pct, financial rate 5.69/+5.63 pct, currency exchange losses delayed. Follow-up expansion of funding support to Hong Kong, control of the Hainan epidemic, and future recovery and new projects are expected.
Hong Kong dollars, issued in the amount of 103 million shares, are expected to provide effective financial support for the company’s overseas expansion and deepening of the industrial chain. The latest announcement is to raise an additional HK$ 1 billion in h shares to fully funded subsidiaries to strengthen retail distribution on the overseas line.
Although the Hainan epidemic was disturbed in August, the future of the epidemic has been accompanied by a steady increase in passenger flows, a recovery in future sales in Hainan, and China ' s China China Free (60188.sh)-Advanced Market Price Determination, the financing of heavy-pound projects such as the new international seaport is still to be expected, with continued expansion of the size of the cards to help China grow.
China ' s China China Free (60188.sh) - the new flagship project is in the process of being launched. China ' s China Free (60188.sh) - the return to Hong Kong Finance Promotion and the Internationalization of the Real Global Investment Proposal: to maintain the previous profit forecast for the time being, based only on the latest distribution of the stock market.
China Central Free (60188.sh) - White Cloud Airport Supplementary Agreement is in place, China China South in the second half of the year 60188.sh - the impact of the epidemic is on the rise, and the scale and channels support the epidemic.
There are expectations, and the future does not preclude good policy expectations. At the same time, with the finalization of funding for Hong Kong, companies are expected to accelerate the depth of the industry chain and expansion abroad, strengthen their global tax-exempt first position, bypass -- in the middle of the row -- and build a full-scale tourism retail platform, maintaining a company’s “buy-in” rating.
2022h1 achieved revenue of 27.651 billion yuan/-22.17 per cent and net return to the mother of 3,938 million yuan as a retroactive figure from the previous year) mainly due to recurrent outbreaks, a recovery of rents at White Cloud Airport of about 600-7 billion and a combined effect of 470 million exchange losses.
Figure 2: Quarterly collections, performance and net interest rates for parentage since 2021q1 Operating: pressured in March-May. 1) Hainan tax exemption: in January/February of this year, the average tax-exempt sales from Hainan Island increased almost twice as much as at the beginning of the year, and income tax benefits are expected to reach the sea in the second half of last year;
Free income of RMB 3,459 million/-55.11 per cent, net profit from the mother of RMB 182 million/-64.33 per cent, net interest rate from the mother of the mother of the mother, increased costs and the impact of the increase in the cost of the services of cooperative platforms such as the Japan-to-the-Japan Internet, 773 million yuan/-34.4 per cent, loss from the mother of the mother of the mother of RMB 10 million, which represents a significant decrease from the loss from the mother of RMB 88 million in the same period last year, mainly due to the loss from the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother.
At present, the company continues to optimize the General Conference system, with a total membership of more than 22 million and continuous online power. Figure 3: China’s main affiliates are exempt from income and speed of increase (in billions of yuan)
Figure 4: Composition of China ' s main no-go shops (in billions of yuan) Figure 5: Trends in monthly duty-free sales from Hainan Island Figure 6: Changes in monthly duty-free shopping and unit prices from Hainan Island
Financial analysis: The Māori rate is stable, the q2 exchange rate loses 470 million, and the airport rent returns to lower sales rates. In the first half of the year, the company’s Māori rate increased by 5.5 percentage points to 34% over the second half of the year (28.5%), and Māori q2 was a combination of firm’s tight-up discounts and continued optimization of the product structure.
q2 company sales rate of 3.95%/-4.82pt, mainly a contribution to the recovery of rents at White Cloud Airport (projected contribution to performance figure 7: Māori free rates and changes in net interest rates in China Port-based stock platforms, intended to accelerate the depth of the industrial chain and overseas expansion, and to strengthen global tax-free first position.
On August 25th, they went to Hong Kong for a total of approximately HK$15.9 billion, corresponding to the issuance of HK$158 and the issuance of the announcement that the sum of HK$1 billion would be raised in h shares from the fully-owned subsidiaries to provide an additional HK$1 billion for the establishment of new and international retail companies responsible for organizing retailing on the overseas line, which is expected to accelerate overseas expansion.
Figure 9: In 2020, 2021, the company became the world’s first tax-free prospect, and the Hainan epidemic became manageable, and the heavy-pound projects of the 04 season and the 930 new seaport were expected. Most of the company’s core stores have been closed since early August, and Hainan’s tax-free business is directly linked to the Hainan crisis.
However, data from past years show a steady return to duty-free duty-free sales at every South China passenger business, such as a 20% increase in duty-free shops in Hainan Island in July. Given the recent steady decline in new cases in Hainan Province, the closing phase is already under way, if the South China booms steadily in September, looking forward to four quarters.
During the first quarter, Hainan is expected to enter the season, and Hainan passenger flows are still expected to recover gradually, and follow-up on heavy new projects, such as the new seaport, are expected.
At the end of the journey, and with the prospect of a future recovery of China’s passenger currents and the launch of a new firm’s heavy-pound project, the future does not preclude good policy expectations. At the same time, with the finalization of funding for Hong Kong, the company is expected to accelerate the depth of the industry chain and the expansion of the sea to strengthen its global tax-free first position.
A three-dimensional re-establishment of the “human yard” at the end of the line, with a view to a deepening of the supply chain, expansion of channels and efficiency improvements in the future, maintains the company's “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject