Company tracking reports  Tourism retail ii 03 Basic turning points established, profit improvement + productive capacity China 60888
The expansion is expected to unleash the growth momentum, and the epidemic has disturbed 1h22 duty-free sales off the island, but the rate of free city access has stabilized.
The outbreak disturbed duty-free sales off the island, but the conversion rate and the unit price increased. According to the Seaport Customs, 1h22 Seaport Customs regulates duty-free merchandise sales off the island (excluding member purchases) at $21.16 billion, down 21 per cent from the same year, and 2.57 million shopping, down 33 per cent from the same date.
Sales amounted to $6.44 billion, 51 per cent less than the same year, and purchases amounted to 810,000, 60 per cent less than the same year. However, further releases from the off-island tax-free dividend policy resulted in a marked increase in the duty-free passenger unit price and conversion rate of 1h22, of which 8242 was for 1h22, an increase of 18 per cent, and the passenger shopping conversion rate of 21.3 per cent (airport annexation).
The rate of exemption from duty-free market in Hainan Island has fallen since January 2021, mainly due to the increase in duty-free license plates from one to five, from 1h22 to 1h22.
According to sales (excluding member purchases), we expect to have a rate of 82.9 per cent of the off-island duty-free market, down from 2021 in the same year, but given the opening of a new project in the city + Sanya Bay, which is an international tax-exempt at Seagate of 3022 and 2h23 companies, the share of the subsequent market is expected to pick up.
Profit improvement + entry into the expansion cycle, the company ' s 03 fundamentals will be turned upwards, benefiting from mid-to-mid-sea south adjustment measures and increased government support for marketing, duty-free sales, and a gradual recovery in profitability.
Free shopping from the island amounted to 2.66 billion yuan, an increase of 5 per cent over the same period. Three billion yuan, an increase of 11 per cent, benefited mainly from the rapid return of the Sanya airport in July. As of July 22, the number of passengers at the Sanya airport had reached 1 million, an increase of 80 per cent over June.
The company’s profitability is expected to improve significantly in the context of the return of sales below the line, which is expected to improve significantly from the q2 ratio. We measure the company’s general state of performance by a relatively deep 300-percent pattern, such as the structure on/under the line, the structure of the product class, the combined discount rate, etc.
In addition, from 3022 onwards, the company will enter an expansion cycle of tax-free production in Hainan, and the location of the sea mouth and the Sanya project will further consolidate the company’s competitive advantage in the off-island duty-free market. Competition in the medium- and long-term markets will rarely change even more, and the leader will continue to be the beneficiary of the return-of-consumption dividend.
Current market concerns about the pattern of competition: (1) the impact of the existing competitive price strategy on the profitability of the industry. We believe that once the company's main competitor, the Sea Brigade, is duty-free, the sea-controlled tax-exempt entity securitizes the present assets and reaches a certain level of income, its assessment of income and profits will take place.
Second, the home-based client structure of the off-island duty-free market will also encourage government regulators and branders to regulate price competition. (2) After the opening of the international market, China’s passenger flow has become more volatile. In fact, China’s passenger flow has not yet fully recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, on the one hand, and emigration, on the other.
In addition, the company has completed its duty-free shop layout at the main domestic hub airport, and in the future it follows China’s middle class (601888.sh): the wind is rising, and the market is rising.
There will also be additional duty-free shops in the main overseas tourist destination markets. (3) Free from the island after the closure, duty-free from the island, duty-free from the south of the sea, and improved layout, and whether operators have an advantage over retail traders in other islands.
The construction master plan and the practices in Singapore and Dubai, we believe that the entire island will be closed to zero tariffs + other taxes and charges, rather than being eliminated altogether. And the tax-free industry, as a central government concession of tax dividends, and the high level of tax-exempt policies from the island, we expect the rest of the South China business community to be closed.
The expansion of production capacity, the location of duty-free shops in the city, etc., remains a catalyst, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Bonds, bonds, and bonds, joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in July 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.