Quick Performance Review: Business resilience under the influence of the epidemic, marginal improvements in profitability, free of the current domestic duty-free retail leader in China.
In the first half of the year, many of the country’s tax-exempt operations affected by the epidemic have not been restored. The country’s main activities include wholesale and retail sales of tax-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, and perfume.
In the first half of the year, the number of people leaving the island at Hainan airport declined by 37%, from 56% in March to 66% in May respectively. Against a backdrop of a sharp drop in passenger flows, 21% in the first half of the year was tax-free, of which q2 was 51.2% in the same year.
The regional outbreak control temporarily closed down the logistics site for 39 days, hitting the company’s down-to-line business. The global epidemic is still critical, with airport access under constant pressure.
The discounts reduce the marginal improvement of the Māori rate, and the airport rent relief increases the margin of profit. Companies stabilize the profit level by optimizing the terms of the procurement and adopting an active marketing strategy.
The size of the tax-exempt discount on the island has been significantly reduced, with the Maori rate increasing by 5.5 pct. over the second half of last year, and marginal improvements in the marginal circulation b/h (million shares) entering into supplementary agreements to refund rents of about $750 million, resulting in a profit increase of about $700 million over 22 years.
Limited competition patterns are the most benign developments in the industry, and future license plates are not expected to be broadly liberalized, while companies are at the forefront, with long-term discounts and Māori rates maintained at moderate levels, based on the principle of win-win co-benefits between operators and brand parties.
Short- and long-term attention has been paid to the marginal improvement in corporate performance since the recovery path was opened, to the opening of the country’s entry and to the fall of the city’s inner shop policy. As the epidemic subsides, the company’s harvest in June grew by 13 per cent, and the ring significantly improved from April/May. The second dissipation was held at the sea port from 26 to 30 July.
With the combination of summer seasons and the easing of quarantine controls, we believe that the demand for tourism consumption, which had been suppressed by the epidemic before, is expected to be released in a concentrated manner, that tourists in Hainan are expected to recover quickly, and that the company’s performance is expected to improve significantly in the second half of the year. The free-traded city of the sea port, which is the main operating entity, is expected to open in the second half of the year.
By 150,000 square metres, it will be the largest retail tourist complex in the world beyond the Sanya International Free City, and will be able to make up for the gap in the company's large-scale tax-free shop at Seaport, expand the company's business map and become the world's largest retail tourist complex.
A research assistant: Wei Woo-Ming’s second growth point. Airport channels focus on the enormous recovery of the global epidemic from the recovery of the world’s off-shore and off-shore.
Profit forecasts: The company ' s performance is more affected by the epidemic in the short term, but as the recovery path has been opened, the company, as the industry ' s leader, will fully benefit from the industrial growth dividend, the short-term epidemic will improve off-island tax margins, and there will be much room for improvement in the medium- and long-term airport routes and large incremental space for inner-city shops.
China's semi-annual performance rating for 2022: the impact of the epidemic on the resilience of the business, the marginal improvement in profitability, the growth of the financial and intellectual power of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's semi-annual performance rating of 2022 is high: the epidemic has had a strong operational resilience and a marginal increase in profitability.
Liu Tanda, research assistant brief Wei Woo-ming.
An assistant, who is responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, electricity suppliers, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.