Quick Report on Performance: Accelerating Rehabilitation of q2 after the epidemic Events: China Freeed of Annual Performance Report 2022 and Company Collections in the first half of the year
The spread of the epidemic across the country in March-May had a significant impact on companies operating tax-free shops, which had been closed for nine days from 2 to 11 April, and the Shanghai logistics hub closed for 39 days because of the epidemic, which had led to a massive migration of tourists to China in the first half of the year.
A series of initiatives, such as enhanced marketing promotion and improved client services, minimizes the impact of the epidemic on the operations of the Department of Public Equity/Creation (millions of shares).
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Expeditions from the island accelerated by duty-free repairs after April’s low point. 11% of island exits in April/June, according to customs statistics, and a low sales point in the first half of the year.
2022/06/25 Intensive implementation of consumption and steady growth policies, recovery of inter-provincial tourism in the country, sale of corporate outlets, etc.
The annual & 22q1 quarterly report reviews: the impact of the epidemic is short, the Māori ring is improving continuously, and cost controls are strong.
The performance of the period, the Māori Ring has improved significantly -- the ring has increased 5.5 pct in the second half of the year, although in the case of a large drop in the q2 passenger flow, the company has not significantly increased its discounts, but rather pursued scale, profitability and growth through orderly competition.
China ' s " fast-performing balance in 2021 " (601888), paying more attention to the improvement of the quality of operations, constantly optimizing the terms of the procurement and actively pursuing the evaluation: the epidemic is delaying the performance of q4
In the second half of the year, the company looked a lot, opened up the space for growth. After the outbreak, under the influence of the Hainan provincial government, the first off-island free shopping festival began on June 28th, which lasted six months.
The opening of the new seaport at the end of September will have a far-reaching impact on the market pattern of duty-free off-islands, and there is still much room for upgrading the airport at Merland.
Investment advice: continue to look at the development space for domestic duty-free industries and the company’s core advantages in the area of tax exemption, and short-term volatility does not affect the company’s medium- and long-term development.
Quick Report on Post-Physics Accelerating Rehabilitation of q2 performance is overexpected.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.