- El ophthalmology (300015) for the first time.
El ophthalmology is a specialized ophthalmological chain of medical institutions, which specializes in diagnostics, surgical services, and medical spectrometry mirrors for all kinds of ophthalmological diseases.
More than 70%. The company has continued to improve the existing medical network through the creation of a hierarchical chain operating model that is consistent with China's market environment and the expansion of the M & A fund. At the same time, it has been actively developing overseas municipalities, offering high-end service models, advanced medical technology and management practices through the implementation of the internationalization strategy.
Consider the high profile of the health-care sector in the context of policy immunization and increased self-consumption, the pre-eminence of the Department in disaggregating the track, and the company’s strategic planning for future development. Policy immunization + increased self-consumption, and the quality of the health-care sector was highlighted.
In recent years, our health-care investment has continued to grow, but there is still much room for increasing health costs as a percentage of gdp, per capita relative to 300 indexes, health resources, etc., compared to developed countries.
Health services, driven by factors such as increased health awareness among the population and increased self-consumption, the overall market space of the industry is expanding, adding to the policy immunisation properties of the industry in the short term, and the quality of medical uniforms are becoming increasingly evident.
As a leader in the ophthalmology industry, El ophthalmology has a clear pre-eminence. Companies are expanding through M&A funds and chain chains, building new branches, and perfecting chains.
The network, which has been developed in several provinces, has created a “horizontal, vertical network” layout. In addition, the Department has developed an internationalization platform through the acquisition of a number of overseas ophthalmological institutions, such as the United States and Europe, to further increase the efficiency and sharing of resource allocation through introspection, marriage to high-end service models and management experience.
High, laying a solid foundation for the future development of the company. Risk factors: risk of medical accidents, less advanced integration of M & As than expected, ongoing epidemic.
1.1 ophthalmological health service pioneers, brand influence continues to grow. El Eye Hospital Group Inc. was established on 24 January 2003 as the ophthalmology group leading in the size and medical capacity of hospitals in China and around the world.
With a unique “level chain” development model and accompanying management systems, medical networks have spread across mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Europe, the United States, and South-East Asia, setting out a global development strategy. The number of ophthalmological hospitals and centres currently stands at over 600, including over 500 in China and China.
7 Hong Kong, 1 United States, more than 80 Europe, and 12 South-East Asia. In addition, the company has continued to improve the development of the Medical Research Platform, and has further advanced the development of productive research and co-operation: a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the University of South China following the establishment of the University of Wuhan-affiliated El ophthalmology Hospital, the University of Wuhan El ophthalmology College, and the University of Wuhan El ophthalmology.
The University-affiliated Irene Eye Hospital in Guangzhou, the Shenzhen Eye Hospital at the University of South China and the Dong Yi Yi Eye Hospital at the University of South China have achieved complementary resources in the fields of medicine, teaching, research, etc.
In 2019, the company acquired or built 18 hospitals and 31 outpatient departments or clinics, respectively, such as Kuan-yun, Pu-Mae-El, Kibo-Kan-Ming-El, Wuhan-Hun Hill, and in July 2020, the company indirectly acquired 30 ophthalmological hospital shares in the form of M & A reorganization, further improving the strategic layout of the national network. In 2019, the company achieved operating income of 99.90.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 36.67% and 32.44% over the same period, have led to a gradual increase in corporate-scale effects driven by the development model “inner + outlier.” The first half of 2020, when the number of company outpatients was affected by the epidemic, there was a decline, but there was a marked improvement in performance following the company’s introduction of special-color services in response to patients’ needs and the acceleration of the construction of Internet hospitals.
The growing demand for ophthalmology services has led to a high rate of growth in corporate performance. The 2020q3 company achieved operating income of 85.65 billion yuan, an increase of 10.78 per cent over the same period, with net return and deduction of non-repatriation profits of 1,546 million yuan, 15.81 billion yuan, an increase of 25.60 per cent and 27.99 per cent over the same period; of this, operating income of 4,402 million yuan in the third quarter, compared with 2019 per cent.
Due to the rapid increase in the number of surgeries in hospitals in the country and the increase in the proportion of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl, the resulting increase in prices has led to a significant increase in the corresponding income and a significant increase in the scale effect; the proximity of sight services and the upgrading of their products have contributed to a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors and to the promotion of Irish products as a result of the country's near-visit prevention and control strategy.
Gradual increase in the influence of cards; Māori rate for cataract projects increased from 38.21 per cent in 2017 to 40.10 per cent. Although the increase in the number of cataract operations slowed as a result of the health care policy, with the consumption transition going up, corporate cataracts were upgraded to a breakthrough, and the recognizable cataracts were upgraded to reversible cataracts, such as high-end multi-fever crystals and flying.
The project’s steady growth was ensured by the increase in applications such as cataracts in seconds. At the cost end, the company’s sales cost rate remained relatively stable after a decline of 2.67 per cent in 2018, at around 10.50 per cent;
The financial cost rate has remained at around 0.70 per cent in recent years; the R & D rate has increased slightly with the increase in R & D projects, reaching 1.52 per cent for companies in 2019, an increase of 0.31 per cent over the same period.
As of September 30, 2020, the company effectively controlled the ownership of 16.00% of El ophthalmology shares by Chen, and indirectly owned 28.38% of El ophthalmology shares by the Al Medical Investment Group Ltd., which it held, bringing the total share ratio to 44.38%. In addition, in 2019, the company introduced world-class strategic investment institutions such as Capital and Leats.
They hold 1.54% and 0.98% shares of El ophthalmology, respectively. This means not only that the company is favoured for quality funding, but that it further enhances the confidence of a wide range of investors.
2.1 There is still much room for increasing our health-care investment compared to the developed countries, and the rigid nature of health-care needs is emerging with the socio-economic development of the country and the improvement of the population's health awareness.
The size of the health-care sector has expanded rapidly, driven by population ageing, the growth of personal wealth and the improvement of the health-care system, and the country ' s total health costs have increased steadily and rapidly in recent years. In 2019, the country ' s total health costs were 651.59 billion yuan, an increase of 10.27 per cent over 2018, and between 2015 and 2019.
Although national spending on health has remained at the rate of about 10.00%, our country is lagging behind in terms of the share of health costs in gdp compared to developed countries. In 2019, our share of health costs in gdp was 6.58%, an increase of 0.15% over the same period, while the share of health costs in the United States, Switzerland, Germany and France was 17.00%, 12.10%, respectively.
11.70%, 11.20%. The share of health costs in gdp is an indicator of a country ' s health input, which is a reflection of the importance and level of commitment to health in the country and society as a whole, which shows that there is a significant gap between the country and the developed countries. Given the huge base of population and consumption, we believe that the future city of health care is one of the largest health-care services in the country.
In terms of health resources, the gap between the country and the developed countries is gradually narrowing, but some of the indicators differ as a result of changes in the way health-care payments are paid. In 2019, the number of beds in health-care institutions per 1,000 population was 6.30.
The new year’s coronary epidemic is expected to play an important role in the education of the market as a whole, and the implementation of the new health-care infrastructure is expected to increase significantly the share of health-care resources. In terms of trends, hospital beds per 1,000 people in parts of the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Germany, etc. are gradually increasing.
This decline is mainly due to the fact that these countries have introduced the drigs type of health-care payment, under which the hospital has reduced the average cost-saving hospital days for patients. The way the country pays drigs is still in the exploratory phase, so we believe that the share of health-care resources will continue to increase in the short term.
In the long run, our health-care resources will also change in a way that is more rational and appropriate to our country’s situation, while meeting the needs of the general public.
2.2 In 1980, the State Council approved the former Ministry of Health ' s Report on Allowing Individual Medical Practice, which marked the beginning of the first step towards breaking the monopoly of public hospitals on health care in China.
As a follow-up to the adoption and promulgation of policies such as the Opinion on the Further Promotion and Guidance of Social Capital in the Organization of Health Care Institutions, and the Circular on the Application of Market Price Adjustments to Medical Services in Non-Public Health Institutions, the State has given sufficient support and encouragement to private capital to enter the health care system, and our National Camp Hospital is in a dynamic phase of development.
We believe that the decline in the number of public hospitals is due mainly to the increasing concentration of public hospitals as the reform of State-run hospitals accelerates, the increase in mergers and acquisitions and the advancement of drigs; although there is still a significant gap between private and public hospitals in terms of hardware and equipment, human resources, etc.
However, as a result of the health reform policy dividend, private hospitals as a whole continue to grow rapidly. With regard to the number of consultations, the number of consultations in health-care institutions nationwide reached 8.72 billion in 2019, an increase of 4.93 per cent compared with 2018, of which 3.27 billion were in public hospitals, representing the proportion of consultations in hospitals.
The number of visits to private hospitals stood at 570 million, or 14.84 per cent. It can be seen that public hospitals are still the main source of medical resources and the main source of health services. However, in terms of the proportion of visits to hospitals, the number of visits to public hospitals has declined steadily in recent years, from 87.99 per cent in 2015.
The role played by private hospitals became more evident when the proportion of private hospitals fell to 85.16 per cent in 2019, while the share of private hospitals rose from 12.01 per cent in 2015 to 14.84 per cent in 2019. 2.3 The ophthalmology is broken down into gold lanes, and the private chain hospitals are the main driving force in the industry.
The full name of the ophthalmology is “ophthalmology”, which is a study of diseases in the visual system, including the eye and its associated organizations, including blind eye disease and non-blind eye disease. Blinding diseases, including cataracts, glaucoma, eye-related diseases, etc., are a major disease of concern to human health and quality of life.
It is the largest category of ophthalmology and the primary cause of blindness; non-blind ophthalmology, including poor light (near vision, vision, scattering, old flowers, etc.), and dacticism, although it has less severe consequences than blindness and the World Vision Report published in the year shows that there are approximately 2.6 billion near-sighted people worldwide, including near-sighted persons under 19 years of age.
Some 312 million, while other ophthalmological diseases such as age-related yellow-coated degenerativeities are estimated at 196 million, sugar urinary pathologies are estimated at 146 million, old-sighted at 1.8 billion and glaucoma at 76 million, ophthalmological diseases have become a growing concern and pressing concern in society.
Our country is the country with the largest number of eye patients in the world, with close visions of about 700 million, cataracts of about 160 million, and ophthalmics of about 300 million. The demand for ophthalmological care has increased in recent years, as a result of population ageing, changes in lifestyle and rising consumption patterns, and the market for ophthalmology services has grown rapidly.
Expansion. According to the data from the report of Frost&sullivan, the market size of our ophthalmology service was about $10.8 billion in 2018, an increase of 14.97 per cent over the same period, and a compound growth rate of approximately 14.72 per cent in 2013-2018; of that, millions of yuan is public. Although the market size of the private ophthalmology hospital is still very different from that of the public ophthalmology hospital, it has increased.
In terms of speed, the market size of the private eye hospital has remained at around 19 per cent in recent years, well above the 13 per cent increase in the size of the public eye hospital. In terms of the number of consultations, in 2018 the number of visits to the public eye hospital was 104.8 million and the number of visits to the private eye.
Between 90.62 per cent of the year and 86.40 per cent in 2018, the number of visits to private eye hospitals rose from 9.38 per cent in 2013 to 13.60 per cent in 2018. It can be seen that, with the pursuit and emphasis on quality and high-end medical care, and the upgrading of skills and services at private eye hospitals, patients are increasingly more likely to choose private eye hospitals; in addition,
Because of the structure of the public hospital’s cells and patient profile, public hospitals rarely have ophthalmology centres, adding policy advantages, and we believe that the future development of private ophthalmological hospitals has ample space and strong growth momentum. The private ophthalmological chain hospitals, because of their more service-oriented, replicable mode of operation, branding excellence.
The advantage of expansion has become one of the main drivers of rapid growth in the ophthalmology sector. Figure 24: Market size ratio of public and private ophthalmology hospitals
3. The expansion of M & As and the rapid growth of company-owned business 3.1 M & A fund model accelerated the expansion of the branch in 2014 with the launch of the M & A fund in the form of lp (limited partners) and 10-20 per cent funding
The development model of M&A funds not only addresses the financial pressures of early expansion, but also removes the sources of poor quality that have emerged during the rapid expansion, swipes huge value for money with relatively small financial inputs, and improves the organization of the company’s entire health network.
As of December 31, 2019, the number of hospitals in the company was 105, with 65 out-patients; M & A hospitals 275, with 37 out-patients, have expanded dozens of times since the beginning of the market. But the M & A fee is relatively high, and with El ophthalmology capacity, the company has been able to absorb the losses in the M & A.
In the future, the company will increasingly favour the M & As model, which is dominated by the above-mentioned companies. Figure 26: Number of hospitals in the company's territory: 3.2 “Standardized, vertically networked”, where the hierarchical chain advantage becomes more apparent
Initially, by incorporating advanced international medical management models and experiences, and taking into account the national context of the country's health-care reform, the company created a “triple chain” business model: the company uses Shanghai Eir, one of the best clinical and scientific capabilities, as a level I hospital, as a technology centre for the company and as a consultation centre for people with a problem with the eye, and as a level II medical service.
Technical support provided by the hospital, which has a certain size and high clinical capacity and is located in the capital city of the province, as a level II hospital, located as a centre for the treatment of difficult eye diseases, representing the provincial level, and technical support provided to the level III hospital, which is based in local and municipal cities as a level III hospital, with a focus on vision
In recent years, companies have continued to improve the breadth, depth and density of the country’s medical network, continue to improve the network of vertical hierarchies in the provinces and regions, and have made rapid progress in the development of health-care networks focusing on local and county municipalities.
The urban stratification system has accelerated the construction of a network of municipal stratification clinics in the provincial capital city of more than one hospital, eye-vision clinics (clinics) and Eye-Friendly e Stations, creating a “horizontal, vertical network” layout in several provinces, with greater efficiency and sharing of resources in the region.
The concept of patient-centred services is fully reflected in the business model of the “stratification chain”, through scientific positioning, mutual facilitation and mutual support of the affiliated medical chain hospitals, which allows patient referrals between the chain hospitals and the smooth flow of medical and technical resources within the system. Not only can any chain of hospitals rely on the company as a whole.
The power to compete in the local market and gain a “one-to-one” competitive advantage, and every patient has access to high-level, multi-level ophthalmological value-added services in the chain of hospitals under the company. As the country’s health network continues to improve, the corporate-scale effect and the hierarchical chain advantage will be further demonstrated.
Figure 27: El ophthalmology chain model
In 2019, the company, together with the University of Wuhan, established the University of Wuhan-affiliated El Eye Hospital, the University of Wuhan-El Eye School of Clinical Studies and the University of Wuhan-Engine Research Institute of Clinical Science, which further promoted clinical research and academic work with good scientific results: in the first half of 2020, the company and the University of South China built three Grand Bay core areas.
The hospital, which established the “Ell Eye School” at the University of the South, has developed an improved system of medical and scientific research, with four schools, three schools, two stations, and a steady increase in scientific and academic capacity and high-level scientific research results. Moreover, as of 30 June 2020, the company had an Asian medical service in Hong Kong, a mengwang ophthalmology centre in the United States, and a European ci.
nicabaviera.s.a., the leading overseas ophthalmological institutions in South-East Asia. As a member of the World Association of Eye Hospitals (Waeh), companies and national and international ophthalmological research institutes have advanced in research, management, etc. In recent years, the company has hosted successive academic meetings, such as the International Orange Vision Forum, the International Leak Forum, and others, not only research and development.
Intelligents can wear high-tech results such as the near-sighted anti-control device, the cloud trap, and the eye-intelligent diagnostic system. Reports such as the China Youth Eye Behaviour Big Data Report, the El ophthalmology High Data Report on the state of eye-deficiency in China, and so on, have succeeded in hosting the 19th World Near-View Congress in 2023.
The improvement of the research and research platform will facilitate the development of a global resource-sharing approach that will not only help companies deepen the integration of advanced international medical services concepts and cutting-edge technological systems into high-end service models, advanced medical technologies and management experiences, but also help companies to better develop high-end medical services in their countries and build world-class scientific research, human resources and technological innovation.
3.4 High-end transformations, volume increases, and the growth of the main business is rapid. 3.4.1 Leaklight and robust optical performance are the current business priorities of the company. In 2019, the El ophthalmology Project and the Visual Services Project achieved business income of 3,531 million yuan and 1.930 billion yuan, respectively.
During the company's transition to high-end health services, the rapid increase in the number of surgeries associated with the upgrading of self-consumption has been accompanied by a further increase in the ratio of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl, and by an increase in the volume of corporate market sinking and the promotion of the country's near-sighted anti-control strategy.
According to the National Health Vision Report, the country ' s near-visit population in 2012 is estimated to be about 450 million, with an annual near-visit growth rate of about 6 per cent, and is expected to reach 700 million by 2020, with a prevalence rate of nearly 50 per cent and a high-visibility population of 40 million.
In addition, with the increasing burden of learning on our young people, the rapid development of electronic devices, the incidence of derelict diseases is increasing year by year, and the loss of vision associated with the near-visibility has affected the physical and mental health of young people.
The Prevention of Youth Periscopes project, as shown by the results of the National Children ' s and Young People ' s Near-Vision Survey 2018 and the data of the Department of Education, has very broad market prospects in the context of youth near-vision control and increased self-consumption, and anticipates a sustained and robust growth in company-related performance in the future.
3.4.2 The number of cataract surgeries slowed down and the operation upgraded to the upper and middle ends, according to data from the China Defense Blindness Network and the Third China Eye Health Congress, the number of cataracts per year before 1990 was approximately 143,000, and csr (the rate of cataract surgery for millions of people) was only 83; in 2000, the number of operations in China reached 83.
480,000 cases, csr 370. As a result of the country’s increasing focus on the country’s vision and health, a number of incentives have been issued and implemented over the past decade to provide universal access to cataract surgery, which reached 2662 csr in 2018, thanks to a number of government and private charitable organizations such as the Million Cataract Rehabilitation Project, the Health Express.
There are 1.45 million annual surgeries for the cataract, about 3.7 million in 2018, and an average annual growth rate of 16.90% for the year 2012-2018. Despite the rapid growth of csr, there is a large gap with many countries around the world.
In 2011, csr was 10,000 in developed countries such as France and the United States, 9,500 in Australia, and 5,000 in India, and we are still lagging behind. The rate of cataract surgery for one million of our population is expected to reach 4287 in 2025, and the number of cataract surgery will reach 6.25 million.
Over the past two years, the rate of growth in the number of operations performed by cataracts has slowed gradually, as a result of the transition to a national policy of integrating health care services for urban residents and rural communities, and the optimal adjustment of spending structures in some of the provinces. In 2019, the company experienced a recovery in the rate of growth, but the impact of the policy has not yet been fully released, and its share of revenue has been maintained in recent years.
In response to changes in health-care policies, the company’s cataract operations are gradually moving to mid-to-high ends, and the increase in high-end multi-focal crystals, flying-second cataracts, etc. have ensured steady growth in project performance. With the recovery of cataract surgery after 2021, we believe that there is still much room for market growth for the company’s cataract project.
3.4.3 The layout of eye therapy is expected to be a future growth point and a new direction for development
Symptoms and/or visual impairments. Moreover, according to a Japanese professor of eye science, dry eye and depression have a number of common risk factors, such as hormones, metabolics and mental disorders, which make both easily common; the results show that 78.8% of those who have dry eyes have symptoms of depression at the same time; and self-detection of dry eye symptoms is mild and moderate.
The risk of depression is 1.62, 2.39 and 3.29 times higher, respectively, in degrees and severity. Dry eyes can be divided into five categories according to the main composition or function abnormality of the tear fluid: 1. Dry eyes of water-deficit type: caused by inadequate water-dwelling tear fluids and/or abnormality of matter;
Diaphthalmic dry eye: caused by a substance or volume abnormality in the lipid layer; 3. Sticky protein anomalous stem eye: caused by various factors resulting in damage to top skin cells on the eye (especially cup-like cells): 4. Tear fluid kinetic anomalous dry eye: caused by a dynamics abnormality in the tear fluid, including transient anomalies (e.g., drop in instantaneous frequency)
5. Mixed dry eyes: the most common type of dry eyes in clinical settings, which are caused by both or more of these causes.
Question: According to the 2013 consensus of experts on the clinical treatment of dry eyes, the prevalence rate in the country is about 21-30 per cent, the number of patients in outpatient consultations in medical institutions accounts for more than 30 per cent of the total number of visits to ophthalmology, and with the development of the Internet, mobile phones, etc., the number of dry eyes generated by video terminals is increasing among the middle and middle youth groups (and even among children and young people).
As a result of such factors as the spread of products and changes in eye habits, the number of dry eye patients may increase by 10% per year. Clinical tests show that the frequent use of video terminals is as high as 93%, and the prevalence of contact lenses is as high as 90%.
On October 10, 2020, the El ophthalmology-sponsored "10.10 dry eye day" was officially launched in Beijing, where the company officially launched the dry eye spa, photo-dry eye therapy, and the dry eye rinse-tweeting series within the lullipicflow thermal treatment.
Using the advanced international technology, Lipiflow-Typathetic Treatment, which targets patients with severe prostate function disorders, aims to improve prostate function and reduce dry eye symptoms, which has been recognized by the United States as fda, EUce, and Chinese cfda. We believe that stem eye treatment is expected to become one of the drivers of growth in company performance in the future.
On 2 November 2020, the National Health Insurance Agency issued a guide on the active promotion of the payment of health care services on the Internet+, stating that it supports the development of health services that comply with the requirements of the Internet+, with the aim of providing care on-line and off-line.
On December 15, the National Health Insurance Agency issued a circular on further promotion of the “Five Ones” of the “Internet + Health” service, which states that health-care institutions need to make full use of the Internet, big data and other information technologies to expand the space and content of the service while continuing to improve their services online.
Actively provide user-friendly and efficient online services to patients: encourage local use of joint smarts terminal equipment to monitor and manage indicators of chronic illness and high-risk populations, and to manage well-being down to community service sites in conjunction with the services contracted by family doctors; and promote Internet diagnostic services to make full use of Internet hospitals at the grass-roots level
The role of treatment services, which lead to a shift in focus, a decline in resources, and an orderly promotion of hierarchies. In general, the “Internet+” model of health services further meets the needs of the population for medical accessibility, especially in this age of trust, where the importance and advantages of the big data platform become more evident.
In this context, El ophthalmology has been able to develop a healthy ecclesiastical circle with technological innovations. In 2020, the company’s visual expert was able to see light.
The team worked strategically with the Alibaba Cat Smurf team to develop a range of technical tools for children and young people to use electrical screens in a healthy and scientific manner, and to develop more pro-eye-friendly functions, such as online visual surveillance, eye health courses, electronic screen-based daily reports.
Through the Sky Cat Elves, El ophthalmology will provide high-quality, multi-level ophthalmological care to more families around the world, making it easier for more people to access the eye health services of specialized ophthalmological institutions. In addition, company headquarters will continue to provide comprehensive and sustained hospital development by strengthening guidance, management, training, service support, etc., to accelerate the digital transformation and advance the Internet.
Hospital construction. Currently, 57 online hospitals have been established under the company’s umbrella, and patients can be registered online at the online hospital, access examination reports, inter-patient settlements, mobile payments, checklist queries, online counselling and knowledge of eye health.
We believe that “Internet+health” not only strengthens the advantages of the company’s hierarchical chaining model, but that the company’s development offers new directions and ideas.
2. With the ageing of the country, the demand for cataract surgery has increased year by year, as the rate of cataracts in the millions of our population is still lower than in the developed world and there is still much room for growth.
With the upgrading of the middle- and upper-end of the company ' s cataract business, we assume that the rate of growth of the cataract project in 2020-2022 will be maintained. 3. According to the near-visit prevention and control programme issued by the Ministry of Education, among others, the country ' s attention to the issue of youth is more focused.
Building an international vision environment, which is expected to grow rapidly. We assume that the 2020-2022 vision project will lead to rapid growth.