On the 31st of December, it was agreed to increase the production capacity of the Mallian coal mine from 3.6 million tons/year.
4 million tonnes/year, the production capacity of the red coal mine increased from 2.4 million tonnes/year to 3 million tonnes/year, increasing the total production capacity by 1 million tonnes/year.
The Division indicated that it would continue to strengthen its cooperation with the National Energy Group, the Shandong Energy Group, the China Coal Group, the Shining Energy Holdings and other major corporations, with a view to maintaining the stability of existing supply channels, fully applying supplier price policies and reducing procurement costs; and actively exploring new supply channels and developing new boundaries and internal borders.
(a) A 52-week high/minimum price multi-area coal resource suppliers such as Gu and Shaanxi, to enhance logistics transport coordination and improve the supply capacity of raw materials;
The company’s successful approval of the increase in its own coal mining capacity led to an increase in the company’s supply of coal from its own raw materials, and a further reduction in the cost of the raw materials self-sufficiency booster company. The fall in the original coal price eased the cost-side pressure.
Inner Mongolia’s average monthly price of a pit pit in East China has been reduced from 970.50 yuan/tonne in January 2023 to 738.75 yuan/tonne per month in May. It is expected that the price of coal will continue to decline, further easing of corporate cost pressures and improved performance due to factors such as increased coal production and increased coal imports.
In May, the price of the coke futures settlement averaged $1329.13 per ton (ring ratio - 17.3%) and the price of the coke futures settlement averaged $2103.68 per ton (ring ratio - 12.2%). The price of the coke has dropped more than the price of the coke, and the price of the coke business has increased.
The performance of Bo Fong Energy (600989.sh) -2023q1 has improved, and the build-up is well under way, and the expansion of capacity has made the company grow.
The target methanol device was put into production at the end of 20231 and the construction of the HFA device was intensified.
Construction of a new 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based and accompanying 400,000 tonnes/year green-hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons.
• Investment proposal: taking into account the recovery in the profitability of the company's main business, the gradual realization of new production capacity, and the fact that we maintain the company's own coal-mining capacity to increase approval.
Ten thousand tonnes/year, the production capacity of the S4C mine increased from 2.4 million tonnes/year to 3 million tonnes/year, increasing the total production capacity by 1 million tonnes/year.
Expressing its continued and strengthened cooperation with the National Energy Group, the Shandong Energy Group, the China Coal Group, the Sino-Engine Group, the Sino-Engage Holding Corporation, with a view to maintaining the stability of existing supply channels, making full use of supplier price policies and reducing procurement costs; actively exploring new supply channels and developing new ones, Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Xinjiang
Multi-field coal resource suppliers, including the West, have strengthened logistics transport coordination and improved the supply capacity of raw materials; inter-connected public railways have stabilized supply, increased rail transport and made road-to-rail transmissions possible; and supply-flow losses have been strictly controlled and transport-by-promotion controls strengthened. This time, two companies have successfully increased their own coal-based supply, increasing the company’s own coal supply.
The cost of raw materials self-supporting companies should be further reduced, while the cost of raw coal falls to ease cost-side pressures. According to annual company reports, the domestic polyolefin industry has a basic balance of supply and demand, followed by RMB/tonne. The original coal prices are expected to continue to fall, due to factors such as increased coal production and increased coal imports.
Corporate cost-side pressures are further reduced, and performance is expected to improve. The profitability of the coke business has recovered. The value of the coke futures settlement averaged $1329.13 per ton in May (the ring ratio - 17.3 per cent) and the price of the coke futures settlement averaged $2103.68 per ton (the ring ratio - 12.2 per cent).
The construction works are well under way, and the expansion of the production capacity highlights the growth of the company. The methanol installation of the 3-Mt. 1 million tonnes/year-old HC in Ningdong was put into production at the end of 20231, and the construction of the Fahrenheit has intensified.
The company is limited to the start of the construction of a new 2.6 million tons/year coal-based and accompanying 400,000 tons/year installation of green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons in the Tuk industrial project area of the Yuzhmorgeologiya economic development zone of Surdos City, Inner Mongolia; the construction project is under way; the investment proposal is to take into account the recovery in profitability of the company's main business and the gradual landing of new production capacity.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject