Wirtschaftsprüfer communication: taking advantage of 5g and data centre development opportunities, high-speed light engine, 400g+ deep-dry and silicon forward, 30/06/20
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua: On 30 June, the Tianfu communication issued an announcement that the total amount of funds to be collected from specific clients does not exceed 786 million yuan (including this amount) to be used for the collection of funds after deduction of the related distribution costs.
Investing in a high-speed light engine project for 5 g and data centres. Mobilizing capital for a high-speed high-speed light engine to strengthen strategic core competitiveness: 786 million yuan for Skyfu communications, mainly for laser chip integration high-speed light engines, silicon-light integration high-speed light engines and
The high-speed light engine, with zero components, is 21.05 per cent (after tax) within the project, with good performance. We believe that the project is more strategic than economic. The company is positioned on the market demand for high-end light modules such as 400g and 800g, with the light exchange rate increasing.
The high demand for high-speed light engines for core devices, such as volume, power and compatibility, has made it possible to increase the capacity of strategic core R & D capabilities for Skyfeed communication, to strengthen the research and development base in the field of live light communication components and to enhance core competitiveness.
The technology of silicon, which runs against the wind, forward-looking cards, is a competitive and industry necessity: silicon light is the key to the next generation of technological change, with foreign firms such as Intel taking the lead, and domestic silicon technology is still in the early stages of development, but as national production progresses and demand continues.
We believe that forward-looking silicon technology is a necessary prerequisite for continuous leadership. First, communications from the sky, as a provider of the country’s leading light device, “integrated” solutions, layout silicon, etc., are a pre-silicon technology that sustains itself.
The necessary preconditions for the struggle; and secondly, communications is the driving force behind the technological and product upgrading of the industry and, more importantly, the acceleration of the light module industry.  The telecommunication and digital resonance module landscape continues to rise: policy frequency is relatively new in technology, 5g
And data centre certainty increases, triggering more incremental demand for optical devices and upgrading needs. First, 1, Fibre Communications (300394); Performance: Global 5g network entering commercial construction, pre-lighting module demand, stimulating telecommunications light models.
Growth is robust, benefiting 5g demand belts and demand continues to increase steadily; secondly, as the flow rate is about to regress, the market will be much bigger, while the data centre light module rate will continue to be upgraded by over 400 g, as well.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we keep looking at future business developments in Skyfoil, and are expected to outperform our expectations by 2020, yielding a five-g dividend,
Net profits are $209 million, $282 million and $386 million, pers $105, plus-coded high-speed light engine, enhanced core product advantage, 5g and data centre demand.
Risk of deterioration in the environment of overseas operations. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee