Information technology hardware and equipment Increase ground and code core industry, extra-extended optical plating Incident: A corporate announcement for $99 million of its own funds to acquire the Arctic Photovoltaic Power (Deeper)
Once this transaction is completed, Arctic photovoltaic will become a fully-owned subsidiary of Skyfu Communications, which will be included in the company’s consolidated statements. With Arctic photovoltaic, it will enhance technological capabilities in the field of optical plating and achieve industrial synergies.
Arctic photovoltaics are focused on optical plating techniques, and the main products include plating products, sourceless non-sourced components-filterblock, optically unsourced devices and modules, and mpo/mtp optical interconnection products, with better technical sedimentation in optical plating, optical cold processing, wave-fracture devices, etc.
Clients include ii-vi (finisar) and prominent enterprises such as photovoltaic technology, which are also expected to create synergies in the expansion of the city. Companies will further seize opportunities for the development of the light communication market, increasing the strategic layout of core instrument products and providing “one-stop” solutions for customers.
The company plans to raise $786 million for the construction of a high-speed light engine for 5 g and data centres, with a capital stock/flow (million shares)
The fixed-increment project will upgrade the company’s high-speed light engine product development and scale up to 12 months’/minimum (megagrams)
Production capacity, product-rich layout, and demand generated by the build-up of the 5g network and data centres maintain industry dominance and long-term rapid growth. With excellent manufacturing processes, Māori and net profitability remain industry leaders.
There are currently 13 product lines in the unsourced + active device envelopes, which are scarcely marketed high-quality lightware sealers, with a wealth of experience in cost containment and improvement rates, with Māori maintaining a constant rate of over 50 per cent, a net profit rate of over 30 per cent and profitability.
Strong. The company has the capacity for integration and is in line with the current trend of increasing outsourcing of optical devices, which is expected to provide sufficient growth space in the future with the expansion of downstream demand.
Qualification code: s1190520040002
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.