H1 performance exceeded expectations, forward layout 400g+ and silicon light, 12/07/2020 Research assistant Yao Shao-hwa
▪ Events: On July 10, the Tianfu Communication issued a mid-2020 performance forecast, which achieved a net return of 116 million yuan to shareholders in listed companies in the first half of the year, sustained upwards compared to the 50-percent growth of the previous year ' s year ' s model, and a high excess of h1 performance: net return in the first half of the year 2020
The profits of $116 million, $135 million, of which q2 achieved a net return profit of $70 million-$89 million and accelerated data centre construction to boost the productivity of the company ' s multiple product lines, while adding Su Tianfu Fine Optics Ltd. to the consolidated statement in May 2020,
It also has a positive impact on the performance of the foil communications. The core technology of the forward-looking layout, which sustains the lead advantage: the foil communication is the only light module in the country.
With higher demands on light devices, maintaining product and technology rotation is key to maintaining the core of the competition. For this, the Fertilde communication fund is increased by the development of a high-speed high-speed power engine, which enriches the strategic core research and development capabilities of the Fibre, and strengthens the research and development base in the field of real light communication components, while looking ahead.
The layout silicon light constantly strengthens core competitiveness.  Steady performance + technological innovation to drive turbo communications to “Davids” double-click: current traffic and power market resonance module needs are steadily up, and turbo communications benefit from the core upstream of the luminum module
In the target, performance will continue to be steady upwards; at the same time, silicon light will be the key to the next generation of changes in telecommunication technology, and silicon light technology is expected to drive industry to continue to innovate.
• Communications: taking advantage of 5 g and the data centre's big development opportunities, high-speed light engines,
Deep Farming 400g+ and Silicon Light Front 2020 -  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: The second half of the year was over-expected, with the impact of the epidemic slowing down and the construction of new infrastructure such as 5g and idc accelerating, and we believe that the climate will hold.
As a result of this upgrading, the second half of the year is expected to see a rise in the business climate relative to that of the first half of the year, and hence,2 Fow Communications (300394); the risk of performance; and the risk of deterioration of the operating environment abroad.
Keeping an eye on future robust growth.