Construction in China (60168.sh)
China’s construction: the world’s leading investment-building group. The company’s main business covers housing construction, infrastructure operations, real estate development, survey design, etc., and has a stronger branding power worldwide: the construction industry has increased its concentration, and the real estate sector is expected to recover. China’s urbanization rate is over 65%.
In the future, as the urbanization process slows down, the overall growth rate in the construction sector is expected to decline to a certain trend. But under a pattern of debt-specific growth driving steady capital growth, there is a trend towards large-scale, integrated engineering projects.
At that time, the fundamentals of the real estate sector were rapidly deteriorating, with a new round of policy momentum and the prospect of a reversal of the industry’s difficulties.
It's an important engine for corporate growth. The long-term cycle of investment in infrastructure is slower, but the company's current swing in remittances (mainly for housing) is significantly faster than its counterparts, allowing it to maintain the industry's leading turnover while enjoying the benefits of investment-type operations (mainly for infrastructure investment).
Real estate business: Focus on the core cities, benefiting from a reversal of the industry’s difficulties. The company owns two major brands of Central Haiti and Central China, and the company’s real estate business focuses on second-line cities, with a relatively high average price for sales and a population-backed housing stock. The company’s contract sales fell by 1.7% in 2022, far better than the country’s real estate sales.
As policies continue to add up to support rigid and improved housing demand, the demand side of the property is expected to warm, the downside of the first-line urban house price is reduced, the firm is in a positive position to take up the top line of the industry in 2022, helping to repair the property ' s Māori rate gradually after it hits the bottom.
Investment proposals: Corporate construction is resilient, the share of public buildings in housing construction is increasing, and capital construction profiles: the world’s leading investment-building group, the world’s leading investment-building group. China’s architecture is the world’s largest engineering contractor, financially in 2022.
For 10 years in a row, Rich was ranked ninth on the top 500 list, and third on the top 500 list in China for wealth, and continued to be ranked first on the top of the United States Engineering News Record (enr) list of “the world’s largest 250 engineering contractors.” The company’s main operations covered such areas as housing construction, infrastructure development, real estate development, survey design, etc.
With the capacity to plan, develop, invest, design, build, run a full-time integrated service, with operational performance covering more than 100 countries and territories, both within the country and abroad, and with greater branding and competitiveness globally, facility construction and investment/real estate development investment generated operating income of 6784/223.52 billion yuan, respectively.
In the first half of 2022, the share of corporate housing construction/infrastructure construction and investment/real estate development and investment business income was higher, with real estate development contributing 30% of Māori.
Figure 5: Māori component of China ' s main construction business (in %) is dominated by domestic operations and short-term pressure on overseas markets. New contracts were signed outside the first half of 2022, amounting to 68.8 billion yuan, the same amount. Due to the effects of the overseas epidemic and increased competition for international engineering, the Māori rate of corporate operations abroad fluctuated considerably.
Business structures continue to be optimized, and construction operations in the lower estates show strong support. The company’s three main industries are relatively stable in terms of operating income, with housing, infrastructure, and real estate at about 60%, 20%, and 16% of the total in the last five years. In terms of profitability in the three major industries, they are influenced by the industry’s downside, real estate development and housing development.
The Māori rate of investment operations has declined significantly, while the profitability of engineering operations has been better supported. In the engineering sector, companies have been active in building high-end housing, continuing to promote the integration of infrastructure construction, and in the last five years they have been able to build and build capital with a high net profit and high turnover driving China’s construction profitability industry leading.
The impact of splitroe can be found to be largely driven by the net interest rate on sales and the rate of turnover of total assets. Among these, the high net gain is mainly due to the pull effect of real estate operations and excellent cost control.
There is a clear division of labour between the second and third branches of the Central Haitian economy and the eighth. The company’s building blocks are dominated by the eight major engineering directorates, the Xinjiang builders, China International and China’s construction companies.
The real estate plate has two major brands: China and China and China, in which Haitian brands are used by China ' s overseas development (0688.hk). China and China are the main players in the engineering process, and are located in two-line cities, namely, mid-end real estate development and three, three, three and three.
Territorialization of the four-line urban real estate project: Industry: construction sector is growing in concentration and the real estate sector is expected to recover
Urbanization slowed down and the construction industry declined to a certain trend, with China ' s rate of urbanization reaching 64.72 per cent in 2021, an increase of 0.83 percentage points from the previous year, and is expected to reach 65 per cent of key nodes by the end of 2022. According to the historical urbanization process in developed countries, the rate of urbanization has reached 65 per cent.
After that, the pace of urbanization will be significantly slowed, while the urban development model will shift from an expansive growth to a growth-cum-stock-based development model, with a decline in the overall scale of investment in housing and infrastructure, and the development of newer cities and the upgrading of old cities.
From the construction sector point of view, the rate of urbanization in China reached 50% in 2011, the rate of growth in fixed asset investment and construction output fell to less than 20%, the rate of urbanization in China reached 55% in 2015, and the rate of capital asset investment increased into a single-digit growth zone. In the case of foreign countries, Japan increased its investment in construction after the rate of urbanization passed 65% in 1962.
The downside of the shock (trends disturbed by the demand for construction at the Tokyo Olympics in 1964), the United States reached 65% urbanization in 1951, and investment in construction fell rapidly to a single-digit level and remained low for many years.
The trend towards large-scale, integrated engineering projects is evident. Since the declaration of specific debt requires that the construction projects be self-balancing, the locals usually report the projects as packaged in a “fat mix” such as “Industry Parks + Municipal Roads + Water Resources Project”, “Eco-governance + Creative Base + Logistics Storage” and so on.
It is easier to match the requirements of national development strategies in project declarations and, as a result, to approve and apply for the full amount of debt. The total number of new projects is growing, and the construction component is increasingly integrated.
Changes in patterns have reshaped core competitiveness, and the concentration of industries has increased rapidly. Under new construction needs, leading firms have better qualifications and financial reserves, stronger risk and cost control capabilities, and the advantage of leading is not lost. In the first three quarters of 2022, the construction industry signed new contracts of 23.43 trillion yuan, an increase of 6.8 per cent, compared with an increase of 8.8 per cent.
The value of new contracts signed by the construction firm was $9.95 trillion, an increase of 19.1 per cent from the previous year, which was significantly higher than the overall increase in the industry, and the concentration indicator in the industry measured by the share of contracts increased from 30 per cent in 2018 to September 2022. Figure 17: Distribution of new contracts in the construction industry in the first three quarters of 2022 (in per cent)
Figure 16: Number of new contracts signed by the G-8 companies and their share of the city (in billions of yuan, per cent) Continuing low property fundamentals, the beginning of a new round of policies Rapid deterioration of property fundamentals and continued deregulation in 2022.
After a dramatic turn of events, the housing sector’s credit booms, sales and ground shoots continued to decline, and the industry went into a “time of darkness.” In the third quarter of 2021, the central bank turned to “support for the legitimate financing needs of the housing sector”, and local governments introduced city support measures after the spring of 2022, with a very friendly policy tone.
At the height of September 2021, shell-monitoring interest rates on the first/second set of mortgages were stimulated by three main factors, and real estate sales and investments continued to decline. Despite more than 2022 as a result of the city’s stifling, the demand for real estate was boosted, but the expected decline in revenue, the expected fall in housing prices, and the fear of the tail.
Three mountains have almost completely washed away the effects of policy easing and interest rates. Sales in 2022 were equal to 26.7%, sales were equal to 24.3%, and real estate development investments were equal to -10.0%.
Land grabs total 1.3 trillion yuan, equal to -48.9%, and sales as a whole fell from 18% to the lowest point since 2017. Under three factors: continued low sales, new financing constraints, and debt service pressures, housing firms tend to be cautious about the post-market situation, and the ability to take land is greatly impaired, leading to both subjective and objective rents.
Since November 2022, there has been a proliferation of good policies for real estate firms to finance: 1 - Traders Association to launch a second arrow to support private bond finance, which has been registered as a shelf to date.
(b) The 16 financial articles issued jointly by the Central Bank and the Superintendence of Silver Insurance, many of which represent a fundamental shift in the cycle of pressure on real estate, and the launch of the “Financial 16” marked the beginning of an extremely liberal policy cycle of housing finance;
3. The Board, the Ministry of Housing and Housing, and the Central Bank have jointly supported high-quality housing enterprises in the rational use of guarantee letters to replace pre-sale regulatory funds;4 The CSRC has adapted five equity financing measures to optimize housing-related enterprises, explicitly supporting and liberalizing the re-marketing and refinancing needs of real estate enterprises, resulting in a general shift in policy and a high degree of liberalization, followed by credit and debt.
With the liberalization of equity financing, the liberalization of the “third arrow” equity financing has also landed.5 After the fifth round of China-EU business leaders and former senior officials in December 2022, Deputy Prime Minister Liu has re-emphasized that real estate is the backbone of the national economy, mentioning that real estate-related loans account for bank credit.
In addition to the nearly 40% share, the real estate sector accounts for 50% of the local combined financial resources, and real estate accounts for the assets of urban residents, the city ' s ability to relax its real estate demand policy is gradually moving up, the Beijing-Tungzhou, Shanghai-Ping Port is relaxed, and Hangzhou ' s first two payments are reduced to 40%.
Over a longer period of time, the policy and public opinion will be in an extremely relaxed cycle, which will not preclude the simultaneous introduction of more supply-side and demand-side policies. Figure 22: Four phases of the real estate policy roll-out process since 2022
Construction business: Core masters show strong resilience, profit and week shift to "take and prepare" high-end non-residential building activity, housing construction is on the rise.
The housing sector was limited by real estate risks, and the share of public buildings continued to rise. In 2022, 300 cities across the country rolled out residential land planning buildings with a 24.1 per cent decline in the same year; the planned area of hand-in-hand with a 6.8 per cent decline in the same year; and the national land exchange price with a 48.4 per cent decline in the same year, the land market was less hot and the housing business was cautious.
In the high-end housing sector, such as health care, industry and education, housing construction has grown in reverse, with a 9.9 per cent increase in the same number of new contracts and a 29 per cent decline in the same number of new contracts for company housing in the first half of 2022, but industrial construction has also entered into a new contract with Figure 25: China ' s construction of new buildings is growing more resilient (in billions of yuan, per cent)
The rate of new construction has slowed down, and housing construction has increased considerably. In 2022, the number of new homes opened nationwide rose by 1.21 billion square metres, a decline of 39.4 per cent compared to the previous year, and the number of new buildings built in China declined by 372 million square metres, a decline of only 3.4 per cent.
A 21.5 per cent decrease in the same area and 5.4 per cent increase in the area of completed construction in China over the same period, corresponding to an increase in income from construction 14.0 per cent, which reflects the fact that the quality of the company ' s orders for construction works in hand-made houses is significantly higher than the industry average, and the construction results, figure 28: the area of completed construction in China, the income from construction operations and the rate of increase in the same year (single)
In bits: billions of square metres, billions of yuan, %) Capital works as an important engine of growth Corporate infrastructure development and investment activities have continued to grow at a high rate.
The Māori composite growth rate of 18.7%/26.6% is an important driver of corporate growth. Corporate capital revenues are more relevant to the country’s capital investment, and the growth in corporate capital revenues is significantly higher than the increase in national capital investment, reflecting the company’s more competitive edge in the capital sector.
Figure 30: China ' s construction capital revenues, growth rate and national growth rate during the same period (in billions of dollars of new contracts in priority areas of corporate capital, with a higher rate of Māori than in housing). In 2022, China ' s construction capital business registered a 20.3 per cent increase in the same amount, representing 29 per cent of new contracts in corporate construction, compared to last year ' s.
During the same period, the company ' s capital was built on a city-based basis, with the company having a higher Māori rate in the first half of 2022 than in the first half of 2022, less significant advantages in electricity and railways, and less profitable. Figure 31: H1 China ' s construction capital contract structure in 2022 (in %)
Figure 32: The Māori rate in the company's main capital area is higher than in housing (in %)
Shorter, the rate of return is faster; the Māori rate for capital operations is relatively high, but the project has a long life cycle, some of which require investment participation and a longer return period. Taken together, strong brand power guarantees a strong corporate liquidity in the area of housing construction and a good profitability in the area of infrastructure, allowing sufficient space for Chinese construction to be market-based.
The environment is flexible in adjusting investment in infrastructure to balance profit and turnover. Net interest rates: investment drives the increase in the Māori rate for capital construction, excellent cost control. Māori for housing construction is steadily increasing, and Māori for capital construction is higher than the "two iron" ratio.
The Māori rate of housing construction has steadily increased, with a Māori rate of 7.8 per cent for corporate housing in 2021, which is comparable to that of construction workers and construction workers in China and Shanxi in the local builders group. The Māori rate of capital construction business in 2021 (10.4 per cent) is higher than that of Chinese Iron (8.4 per cent) and iron construction in China (7.9 per cent).
* Capital investment projects have been entering their operating period, with an increase in project carry-over income, accompanied by a reduction in current investment, lower costs and an increase in the Māori rate. Business investment in corporate engineering continued to grow until 2021, with excellent cost controls and a lower cost rate than other leading companies. The cost rate during the company period was slightly lower than that of the other champions.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the cost of the company was 2.76%, essentially at the same level as in China, China, China, iron, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and Japan, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, and Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, and Japan, Japan, Japan, and Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan., Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, and Japan, Japan, and Japan, Japan, Japan, and Japan, Japan, and Japan, together. together, together., together,
Figure 37: China’s cost during the construction period is lower than that of other leading construction companies (in %) The management costs continue to fall and the efficiency industry per capita leads. Companies continue to focus on “promotion efficiency”, while management costs continue to fall, with 1.49% for the first three quarters of 2022, down 0.28 million from the same period the previous year.
Distinguished points. Corporate performance is clearly superior to that of comparable companies within the industry, reflecting the company ' s excellent management capacity, with a per capita remuneration of 255,000 yuan in 2021, which is lower than that of the other three construction companies, with a per capita gain of 140 million yuan, which is higher than that of the other three construction companies.
The turnover rate is “pure engineering” leading, creating space for long-cycle investment-type operations with a relatively low turnover of real estate plates and a significantly higher turnover of total corporate assets after graduation. Because of the significantly slower turnover of real estate than construction, we can remove the Haitian component from the company's income and total assets.
In 2021, China had a total liquidity rate of 0.79, China's total overseas development asset turnover rate of 0.28, and China's total post-partum construction asset turnover was eliminated, mainly because of the revision of accounting standards and the transfer of part of the receivables to the new project “contractual assets” after 2018.
In addition, since 2015, the National Finance Committee has increased its focus on “two golds” (receivables and inventories) and has continued to promote “two golds” in the construction firm, which has been able to slow the growth of accounts receivable over a certain period of time through the securitization of assets.
Under the new industry environment and accounting standards, the rate of turnover of receivables as an indicator of the speed of turnover of engineering enterprises is weak.
On the basis of the elimination of real estate inventory, the assets generated from non-prime operations such as cash, long-term equity investments, investment in real estate will be removed, with a focus on the analysis of the operating assets of the construction component.
Two types of assets: engineering operations (including receivables and notes, receivables financing, other receivables, joint assets) and investment-type assets (non-current assets, other non-current assets, long-term receivables) — turnover of construction assets — total income from construction operations — [(last-year construction assets + end-year construction assets)/[2]
• Rate of turnover of engineering operating assets = total income from construction operations/[(Engineering operating assets at the end of the year + project operating assets at the end of the current year)/2] Building assets = notes receivable + receivables + receivables financing + other receivables + contractual assets + for one year
Non-current assets at maturity + other non-current assets + long-term receivables = working assets = notes receivable + receivables + other receivables + contractual assets + corporate infrastructure investments reduced and stock assets accelerated. Construction and capital operations in China
For the fifth consecutive year, the increase in the value of sexual investments declined, with the investment receivables that had been generated moving faster to income, and the corresponding investment-related receivables continued to decline. The ratio of corporate investment-type assets to operating assets in construction continued to decline from 57.0 per cent in 2018 to 38.5 per cent in the first half of 2022, with the corresponding ratio of Chinese Central Iron and Chinese Iron Construction.
The ratio is stable, slightly lower than in China, where the share of assets in the construction portfolio has continued to rise, the turnover rate in the first half of the construction component of 2022 has recovered, and the “pure engineering” turnover has been ahead of its counterparts. From the point of view of “building asset turnover,” China’s construction turnover from 2019 to 2020 was lower than that of China’s Central Iron, and has been shrinking with investment operations.
In 2021, the turnover rate recovered from 1.92 in 2021 for the company's construction assets and 1.94 for China's medium-sized iron. Disclosing investment, China's construction “engineering operating asset turnover” was significantly higher than that of other construction companies, and in 2021, the company's engineering operating asset turnover was 3.60, and China's average for China's medium-sized iron was 3.25.
In summary, the longer life cycle of infrastructure investment is slower, but the company ' s current construction operations (mainly for housing) are significantly faster than their counterparts, allowing the company to maintain the industry ' s leading turnover while enjoying high profits from investment-type operations (mainly for infrastructure investment).
Real estate business: long-tested, high-quality land brands, benefiting from industry dilemmas, focusing on second-line cities, keeping business steady.
China’s real estate development and investment business (hereinafter referred to as “the real estate business”) has two major brands: “China Haitian” and “China Chinese Real Estate.” “Central Haitian” is the real estate development brand of China’s overseas development (0688.hk), a subsidiary holding company (excluding China’s overseas property business in Hong Kong Ocean), and “China’s” main brand.
The Central Haitians focus on the second-line cities, mainly high-end real estate products; the Chinese-built properties are mainly concerned with the development of middle-end property in the first and second-line cities; and the territorialization of the three-line urban property project; and the Chinese Sea-Hungyang is the China Sea.
Under the umbrella of external development, China has an indirect share of 21.5 per cent in the three or four-line urban real estate development business, while Central Haiti has dominated and China has grown rapidly in size. Central Haiti accounts for about 85 per cent of China’s construction real estate sales and about 70 per cent of its revenues.
In 2022, H1 achieved business income of $152 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the previous three years, which slowed down the growth rate. The company’s real estate development products were concentrated in the second-line cities, with relatively high average sales prices and a net inflow of demand for goods and housing.
The Division achieved a contract sales value of $40.6 billion, a 1.7 per cent decline compared with the previous year, which is far better than the national real estate sales; it focused on the location of second-line cities at the top of the country; it created a “profit-maker” in the real estate industry; the company’s real-estate business was over 70 per cent in the first-line and provincial capital cities, with a lower share of cooperative development, with Haiti’s interests in the first- and second-line cities in the last three years.
The top 100 home companies, with 86% interest in sales, are far higher than other mainstream firms. Because of the relatively slow processing of pre-sale certificates in the core cities, the company’s real-estate sales cycle has been passively prolonged, allowing for more land appreciation gains during the rapid rise in housing prices, which has led to a corresponding increase in the Maori rate of real-estate operations.
Central Haiti is well-run, with financing costs lower than those of its counterparts. Central Haiti has remained stable in the green line of the three red lines, with financing costs of only 3.44 per cent in the first half of the year being lower than those of most leading housing firms.
The rate was 0.51 per cent (China ' s financial cost of construction for the same period was 0.59 per cent). Figure 56: Central Haiti ' s financial cost rate is significantly lower than that of a colleague (in per cent) Figure 57: Average financing cost for selected housing enterprises in 2021 (in per cent)
At its worst, profitability is expected to return to sales prices in first-line cities, where the price index for new commodities has increased at a significantly lower rate than in second-tier cities, and this has led to continued pressure on the profitability of companies’ real estate operations. As policy increases continue to support rigid and improved housing.
The demand, the demand side of the estate is expected to warm, the pressure on first-line urban housing has subsided, and the interest rate on the company’s real estate business is expected to rise slowly after it hits bottom. Reversely, it helps to repair profit margins.
The market is active during a period of coldness, guaranteeing future profit space. According to the Institute, the total value of the “medium-based” property (including Central and Central Haitian property) in 2022 was 26,964 million yuan, corresponding to -32 per cent, and the value of the land was ranked first in the industry, with a sharp cooling down of the land market and a marked decline in the land premium rate.
In this context, the firm’s reversibility has contributed positively to safeguarding the profitability of subsequent project development. Profit forecasts: net profit increases projected for the next three years are, respectively, housing construction works: the company’s full-flow capacity industry leads in high-end public-use building collars.
In the future, companies are expected to continue to grow in the housing market, and non-residential operations are expected to support the growth of their housing operations.
In the future, the Department is expected to continue to strengthen investment in infrastructure and to leverage some of the revenue growth from prior-period projects.
Real estate sales and revenues from real estate operations peaked at two and four years, respectively. The company’s real estate operations went into a carry-over period for 2020-2022, followed by sales figure 63: China’s construction property sales and receipts lag for two and four years, respectively (in %).
Design survey: projected synergy between design survey operations and construction, operational links ... and its own revenue maintenance, forecasted growth in corporate design survey operations 2022-2025. Other: other company operations include, inter alia, operating land level development, mechanical equipment leasing, engineering supervision, etc.
The growth rate of revenue from construction and property-related derivatives depends on the growth of construction and property owners.
The impact on the Māori rate is expected to continue under pressure, but the company is currently active in helping to repair the Māori rate. Premature cost: standardization and digitization of the company ' s continuous dynamic management, increased investment in research and development, management cost keeping summary of performance projections for the next three years
Taking into account the company ' s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company ' s soundness, taking into account that the construction and real estate industries have reached maturity, that there is limited scope for future growth, that the company ' s income is large and that it is difficult to sustain growth over the long term, so conservatively assume a constant growth rate of 0%. We use fcfe cash flow.
Sensitivity analysis of absolute valuations: when the rate of growth and discount rates changes simultaneously, the firm ' s absolute valuation is relative to the construction (including building works and infrastructure construction and investment), real estate development and other (including design surveys, equipment leasing, etc.) of the company ' s core industries.
In the field of real estate development, strong housing companies with a country-owned background are selected as comparable companies, as are the Pavli Development, Merchant, and the Golden Dynasty Group; in other areas, they are selected as the China Dragon Design Group, the China Road Survey Group, the China Construction Group, the China Construction Group, and the Construction Group.
The average annual pere is 5.15 x 4.57 x, and the average for real estate development companies in 2022/2023 is relative valuation: according to the average valuation of comparable companies, the building block is given 4.0 x - 6.0 xpe and the other plate is 9.0 x 11.0 per cent pe. In the case of real estate plates, sales are increasing at a speed owing to the robustness of the medium-Haitian business strategy
The market surplus is lower than that of mainstream housing companies in the longer term, but during the period exposed in the industry risk set, the firm's soundness is fully realized, and as the industry's fundamentals are reversible, the firm's construction business is resilient, the share of public buildings in housing construction is increasing, and the profitability of capital construction is increasing.
Strong, real-estate business is well run, with expectations of repair. It is expected that the company's net profits for 22-24 years will be attributed to the parent company.
Assumptions, however, it is not possible to exclude the risk that some of the data may be inaccurately estimated. * This report uses the relative valuation method to calculate the company’s reasonable valuation and to determine the company’s valuation level by reference to the comparable company’s profit-making and valuation-consistency period, which is based on a reasonable and market-consistency expectation of a comparable company’s valuation.
On the assumption that the market and the industry as a whole are overvalued may not be fully taken into account. Low corporate cost estimates and high Maori estimates create a risk that the company’s profit forecast for the next three years will be higher than actual.
As the global economy enters a recessionary cycle, the macroeconomic climate is likely to decline further, there is a contraction in market demand, work schedule has to be delayed, the risk of prolonged accounts receivable, the risk of increased competition in the construction industry.
The real estate sector is at risk of deep adjustment. In recent years, risks from real estate development enterprises have become more frequent, resulting in a shock to the volume of merchandise trading and a rapid decline in real estate sales, which has led to greater uncertainty in the demand for real estate construction.
The risks of major security accidents. The construction and engineering industry is one of the industries with a higher risk of safety accidents, with relatively poor construction practices, due to inappropriate operations, untimely equipment repairs, extreme atmospheres, etc.
The risk of major security incidents, if any, could have a negative impact on the progress of the company’s engineering projects, the company’s branding reputation, and the performance of the business.
As the first restricted stock incentive pilot unit, the company has cumulatively implemented four equity incentive phases, which are better for the company’s core managers and key technicians.
Incentives have a positive impact on performance growth. If the pace of change in the successor state is not as fast as expected, it may create the risk of less flexibility in corporate strategic decision-making, stagnation in emerging business and slower performance.
There is a risk of bad debts arising from the difficulty of recovering accounts receivable if there are significant adverse changes or difficulties in the business situation of individual clients. Inventory price falls risk: as of the end of the third quarter of 2022, the company ' s inventory (mainly real estate inventory) was on the books
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, that the company’s inventory price falls, which will increase and adversely affect the profitability of the public administration, as a result of the continuous deterioration of real estate sales and the continuing decline in housing prices.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author