Shinjiyama's testimony, Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) and the series of sunflowers continue to grow and perform as expected.
On 13 October 2022, the company issued a public announcement stating that, according to preliminary accounting, in January-September 2022, the company was expected to achieve a total revenue of 22.1 billion yuan, an increase of 28 per cent over the same period; net profits of about 7 billion yuan were expected to be realized, an increase of 28 per cent over the same period.
q3 camp harvest ratio has improved and performance is as expected. 2022q3 is expected to achieve operating income of $6.77 billion, which is long, mainly due to the company ' s flexibility in adjusting marketing policies in response to the point-based epidemic, and continuous optimization of product structure, Qing Market data: 12 October 2022
High- and medium-end products, such as the bouquet series, have grown significantly. Specifically: 1) Sub-products, the company 's rums, adheres to the product strategy of "two head grabs, medium-end increment, high end in volume, highest/minimum in the year:
The q3 Saffron series is expected to continue its high growth, with Saffron 25 matching the province's circulation a/total equity capital (billions): structural upgrading with the highest rate of growth, Saffron 20 continuing with faster growth and Saffron 30 restoring confidence in marketing;
The market value of the market share in circulationa (billions): properly active waist products, q3 with an expected 20 per cent increase in Panama ' s rate of growth +; and the strategy of continuity control in Bolivia, which is expected to remain flat. 2) Sub-channels remain constant throughout the year, with three quarters of the year being guaranteed to the provinces, where the goods are controlled internally.
At the end of the third quarter, most of the off-provincial market had completed 90 per cent of the year's work, and the intra-provincial rhythm was controlled.
Two seasons of opportunity, orderly delivery. This year, the whole pattern of wine sales has changed, with the market being more accurate in terms of monthly quotas, focusing on a quarterly growth balance, with an expected rate of about 35% for q4 battalion. Moreover, in view of the development of the fragrance, Qing has risen, but Qing has not really started.
Starting with the release and rapid development of the history of the gin, the Qingixiang white wine is not currently branded and the fragrance camp and the brand ladder team. Under the leadership of the Qing Lilong Head, the Qing Quixiang white wine has grown strongly.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment proposals, short-term re-pacing of the second quarter, three-quarter performance improvement, year-round goal completion. Medium- and long-term viewing of corporate product high-end + nationalization of channels
The goals are clear and the performance is certain. Therefore, as the product structure is upgraded, the scale effects are highlighted and management performance is optimized, profit increases are higher than income increases, and net interest rates are expected to increase. Projected. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the personal gain of another person.