Fulfilling the challenge to achieve high-quality development Keyword: #Change product structure brings about higher profitability Events: December 26, with "Step up with courage to move forward with all aspects of quality development."
The year 2022 was a year of further disruption to the epidemic and the first phase of the “Managing the Foundation Year” of the “123” General Programme for the Revival of Liquor.
Quarterly companies face up to the challenge of achieving business income of $22,144 million, an increase of 28.32 per cent over the previous year; and income and profits for the whole of last year. The number of national controlled terminal points has broken out by 1.12 million (with provinces developing large base markets, with revenue of $8.5 billion in the previous three quarters, or +24 per cent, driving the long triangle,
The deep expansion of the Pearl Triangle market, with sales of 2,572 million yuan in the core market south of the Yangtze River, continues to optimize the product structure, and the whole product system is moving forward. The wine continues to be of high quality, with the income of the first half of the year increasing by about 60%, old white and bar.
Horses have also grown faster than averages; since August, companies have been actively promoting the national roll-out of the gifted Bolshoi, the whole of which has gone hand in hand, and the product structure continues to be optimized. 1348 Marketing has a clear thinking, deeper reforms, and further efficiency gains.
High-quality marketing at the centre, brand value enhancement, internationalization strategy transformation, product structure optimization, implementation of the national market order, internationalized marketing organizations, comprehensive matrix of three major initiatives around brand development management, modern marketing management, basic organizational management, market polity
Manage the four systems in order to complete the eight insists (single, bamboo leaf, almond village as one-wing brand development strategy; long-term adherence to the Saffron strategy; and always three)
The principles of large markets remain unshakeable; the principles of preserving, increasing and capturing quality in the operation of markets are upheld; The Shanxi Liquor (600809); the way digital marketing is maintained as an enabling marketing practice in 2022; and the three-point-of-the-price approach is maintained.
The principle of profit, the preservation of healthy market ecology; the insistence on overall improvement of marketing personnel; the quarterly reviews: q3 performance over-predictions, the second half of which remain unshakable; and the insistence on the construction of profit distribution mechanisms that are oriented towards increasing the profitability of dealers
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the structure of the company’s products continues to move upwards, and we maintain 22-24 years as our mother.
Three major financial forecasts for Shanxi Liquor have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.