With high performance growth, the power of Xiaoxi Liquor (600809.sh) incident assessment report released the January-September 2022 business data bulletin.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn shows a bright performance, and the power of the sun is not lost.
A net profit of $1.945 billion (44 per cent more). The company’s three-quarters report is still bright, bright, flowery, well-saved and well-stocked. The year-round target is set for 2022: about 25 per cent of the growth rate.
The next five points of view, the depth of nationalization, the next five points of view of the company: 1) build 2+2 brands, the first two of which refer to rum and bamboo leaf, and the second two to apricot village and series of brands.
Bamboo Ying is the central platform for the Great Health Industry. 3) The policy of "Catching the Two Legs" has led to a series of sustainable brand-up of companies, a 30-year-old revival that seeks a thousand dollar-bit singles, a 40-60-priced one-size-fits-all, and a new one-size-fits-all.
The Bolívar seeks a 100-dollar stand-alone package to strengthen the competitiveness of the hips, old whites and Panamanians. 4) Regional expansion has led to the implementation of the “1357” nationalization scheme, which has gradually set up 31 departmental + 10 direct management area marketing organizations, covering the 1455 period.
The share of internal and external revenue is expected to rise from the current 4:6 to the future 3:7.5.) Scale Effect 1, Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance instrument should be 43/33/26 times higher, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
It's expected that the power of the sun will continue to release 3 and the report of the Chinese Stock Exchange *The downside risk, the epidemic is driving consumption, the sunflowers are not growing as expected, and the economy is not growing as fast as it is expected.
(60809) Event evaluation report: 2021: Successful collection, 2022q1 opening date: presentation by Food and Beverage Group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.