\triangleright 22q3 Saffrons continue to grow at a high rate, with low-end steadyness, medium-end increment, high-end release, high-priority weighting
\triangleright /Apricot Village / Bamboo series, with revenues of $64.64.04/115 million, with 36.62 per cent and 10.94/42.32 per cent, respectively, and in the \triangleright series, we expect the most significant and fastest-growing use of ceremonial wine,
In order to boost the structure of the products, the Panamanian gold prizes/old whites are growing at a rate similar to that of the rest of the world.
Quantities have worked well, and we see a long-term nationalization and high-end growth space for wines. Growth is rising out of the country, with 1357+10 showing outstanding results.
The sustained investment of resources and resources has laid a solid foundation for future performance growth.
The key markets such as , , , and  have made better breakthroughs, and according to the sub-regions, 22q3 has seen an increase of 34% over the same period, which has increased at a faster rate. Outside the province, the increase has increased by 31.5% over the same period, maintaining a steady expansion. The company continues to push forward the “1357+10” nationalized market layout, focusing on the “Great Base Market” and “South China Market.”
1. Shanxi Wine (60809.sh) mid-2022: Market operations are proactive and expect the clairvoyant to break through - 2022/08/26
The product structure has been upgraded, and the Māori rate has been rising continuously. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s Māori ratio was \triangleright in the second quarter of the year: a high increase in the structure of the Saffron series, single.
High, mainly due to higher-middle-end product revenues, represented by Quasa, which grew faster than the whole, and continued product structural upgrading. 22q3 sales cost 16.39 per cent, an increase of 1.67 pcts over the same year, mainly as a result of increased corporate performance forecasts during Mid-Autumn National Days: high performance in the first quarter and structural upgrading
4. The company sold goods in the first three quarters of the company.
Camp Data Review: High Profit End Growth, Saffron-led Structure Continuous Upgrading - 2022/03/09 Investment Proposal: We look forward to the company's 20th Saffron, guided by the strategy of "Catch Two Heads with the Middle."
The depth of the nationalization base of growth and the Bozo series is expected to break through the 30th Renaissance. It is expected that the methodology and analytical logic of \triangleright will lead to the conclusions of the study, that the present report will be presented independently and objectively and that it will be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.