In the last three quarters, the company is expected to realize its gross operating income.
In the three quarters alone, total operating income is expected to be about $6.77 billion, an increase of about 32 per cent over the same period, and net profits are expected. The epidemic has improved and the nationalization of sunflowers has been able to unleash sustained high growth in corporate performance, and sales targets have been met throughout the year, with a sustained increase in corporate revenues in the three quarters, mainly benefiting from: 1) during the mid-autumn season.
There is a clear recovery in the consumption of the feasts; 2) there is a marked improvement in the big base market; 3) there is a continuous flow of large national single items such as sunflowers. Three-quarters companies have adapted marketing strategies to the epidemic, and three-quarter sales are done ahead of schedule, provided that there is a reasonable level of integrity in the channel pool.
With the dual impetus of expanding the nationalization of the & Saffron series, companies are expected to reach a 25% recovery target throughout the year. The high-growth growth of the Saffron series of medium- and high-end products is driven by higher corporate profitability.
In addition to the expansion of the market around the west of the mountain, Panama has continued to consolidate the provincial market. The company has strictly controlled the release of the regular system, and q3 has increased the distribution of the gifted product, which is expected to account for the share of quotas throughout the year.
This year in Shanxi Province, which is largely dominated by rebalancing structures, income is expected to increase by about 20%. In the Rim West market, the company is in the river.
In Shanghai, Guangdong, south of the Yangjiang market, companies have been able to build a third growth curve through previous years’ business outreach + consumer development. In the Shanghai market, against a backdrop of severe damage to the q2 epidemic, Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - short-term performance is under pressure to look positively at the future.
In the medium-to-long term, Shanxi wine is growing in the market south of the Yangtze River or more than in the traditional Rimxi market. Shanxi wine (60809.sh)-1 quarter is growing by 70%, with a strong performance.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Cinderella continues to lead high growth, bright start, full investment proposal: Nationalization can release or drive sustained high performance growth, which is a criterion of certainty and growth, and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Shanxi Liquor-60809 - Critical Events Rapid Review: The Chairman of the Board of Directors has been smooth, the company's business dark times have passed, and it has been a positive move to restore the marketing ring. Keeping up with the profit forecast, we expect the public to have formed and the Saffron series's national push-driven performance has continued to grow, and we maintain a buy-in rating.
The improvement in the epidemic and the nationalization of sunflowers have continued to unleash high growth in corporate performance, and sales targets have been met throughout the year. The company’s three-quarter growth rate has largely benefited from: (a) a marked recovery in the consumption of the banquet during the mid-autumn season; (b) a marked improvement in the major base market; and (c) the continued release of large national single items such as sunflower 20.
Three-quarters flexible marketing strategies in response to the epidemic, with three-quarter sales done ahead of schedule, while ensuring reasonable integrity of the pipeline stock. We believe that, with the dual impetus of the expansion of the Qingixiang consumer group and the nationalization of the Saffron series, it is expected that 25% of the company's annual collection target will be achieved.
In the third quarter alone, the net interest rate of companies was about 28.7 per cent, up by about 2.5 pcts from the same year, and is expected mainly to contribute to the increase in the Maori rate due to the upgrading of the product structure. The recovery is expected to fully benefit from the backsliding dividend during the season. Panama’s waist continues to push for the expansion of the market around the mountain west.
The Ministry of Agriculture continues to consolidate the market in the province. In the Bolshoi series, companies strictly control the release of regular channels, q3 expands the market for donations, and the quota is expected to be about 5% for the year, thereby raising the price of the whole ton.
This year in Shanxi Province, where income growth is expected to increase by about 20%, the company in Henan and Shandong, south of Yangjiang, is expected to build a third growth with business expansion and consumer growth in previous years.
The Shanghai market is expected to pay back close to 1 billion dollars a year against a backdrop of severe damage to the q2 epidemic; Guangdong market (including Shenzhen) is expected to pay back close to 2 billion dollars a year. In the medium and long term, Shanxi wine is growing in the market south of the Yangtze River or more than in the traditional Rimxi market.
Investment Recommendations: Nationalization can release or drive sustained high performance growth, which is a criterion of certainty and growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Corporate q3 performance is on track to increase, sub-high-level fundamentals have passed to dark moments, followed by a positive look at sales-to-circle repair. In keeping with previous profit projections, we expect the company to be real in 2022-2024.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating as a result of the growth, the growing culture of consumption in the Shanxi Provinces, the greater certainty of the successful nationalization of the Saffron series, and the hope that the company will continue to grow at a high price premium.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject