On December 26, Shanxi Wine convened the 2022 Global Marketing Congress.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn 2022, with five major deficiencies, has over 1.12 million nationally controlled terminal data in the last three quarters, south of the Yangtze River.
Over 50% of revenue. The company's strategic deployments are “four focussing” (i.e. focusing on market structure optimization, product structure optimization, quality enhancement, management upgrading) and “four commitment” (i.e., maintaining strategic strength, deepening cultural content, deepening international change).
In addition, there are five major shortcomings: 1) the lack of balance in brand development, which is currently a unique reality; 2) the inadequacy of the implementation of the internationalization strategy, which covers more than 50 countries.
Countries and regions, covering 248 cities and areas, with more than 60 overseas dealers, with over 7,000 end-users, with distribution networks spread across five continents and major global duty-free ports; 3) inadequate basic management systems; 4)
Unjustified structure of sellers, low proportion of high-quality vendors; 5) short-term failure to fully address the problem. 2023 sailed with a wider audience of winners.
The company's approach to the marketing of the “13348” wine, which is to develop into a centre with the high quality of the marketing of the wine, is based on three main tasks, namely, the fast-tracking of brand values, the restructuring of the international strategy, and the optimization of the product structure.
National Market Order Maintenance Initiative, Internationalized Marketing Organization Construction Initiative, All-round 1, Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance Merit Matrix Building Initiative, Four Systems: Brand Development Management System, Modernization
2022 - The marketing management system, the basic organizational management system, the market sequence management system, eight insisting on the two-winging of the village of Apricot Liquor and Bamboo.
2 Shanxi Liquor (60809): High performance, unswerving adherence to the Saffron strategy, unswerving adherence to the principles of the three main markets, unswerving adherence to the principles of market operations that preserve the quality of the incremental catch,
3 Shanxi Wine (60809). Performance charms insist on digital marketing as an important tool for enabling marketing, on surroundings, on the three-way pricing principle, and on improving the overall ability of all marketing staff.
There is no wavering power, insisting on a profit-sharing mechanism that is oriented towards increasing the profitability of distributors. The audience for winning this conference is wide-ranging, ranging from the distributors' prizes, the franchises' awards, the operating pawns’ awards, the special awards, the group awards.
Five dimensions of the prize are awarded.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.