Solidarity, confidence-building, and the Global Congress of Dealers (600809), conveying development confidence to distributors and recognition of excellent distributors.
A solid 123 recovery agenda to achieve high-quality development. Since the beginning of the year, companies have achieved sustained stability in their performance over the previous three quarters, despite economic downward pressure, repeated effects of the \triangleright epidemic, and weak consumption.
Up until 2021, the number of controlled terminals broke through, both in terms of revenue and profit.
These remarkable achievements are due to the firmness of the company’s “123” master plan for the revival of wine and the modernization and digitalization of the marketing system.
The overall idea of the brand development of the two wings, based on the 20th Saffron, the 30/40th Saffron rating and size up, and the continuous increase in the proportion of Saffrons; and the expansion of the saffron consumption group, based on the bologne, which leads up and further upgrades the structure of the product as a whole. We believe that the rich product lines are rich.
It can help companies to iron their industry’s cycle fluctuations, and to make full use of the fragrance at all prices, leading them to a continuous rejuvenation of the fragrance.
\triangleright marketing is a catch-up, adheres to the concept of “culture plus quality” in brand dissemination, creates \twigs and raises brand values. At the same time, companies continue to promote talent development and organizational change, two years in the year.
In the next year, the company will continue to promote marketing groups, weave flattening, direct district construction, take full advantage of headquarters supervision, regional autonomy, and maintain stability.
In 2023, the company will focus on the marketing of wine \triangleright.
1 centre for high-quality development, tied to the rapid upgrading of brand values, the transformation of internationalization strategies, Shanxi wine (60809.sh): perfect product structure and 3 tasks to promote the maintenance of national market order, internationalization of marketing organizations
Created, comprehensive product matrix, three actions to improve brand development, modern marketing, base group, Xianxi Liquor (60809.sh): Weaving, market order, four management systems that adhere to the "one-wing" approach to brand development and adhere to Xing Xing.
Liquor strategy, adherence to the three main market principles, adherence to the market for "preservation of incremental catch quality".
Good market ecology, adherence to the overall improvement of marketing personnel ' s combined capabilities, adherence to the construction of profit distribution mechanisms to increase the profitability of dealers. \triangleright
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty: risk of recurring epidemics
\triangleright House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City City.
Lu Qingfeng, Master, graduate from the Central University of Finance, two years of food and beverage research and two years of bond research. Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth research on Ani foods, multi-task cooks, high-end foods) and spices (in-depth study on Angel yeasts).
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Joray, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of U.S.S.S.P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A., research and development and operations, one year of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry for 13 years.
At the lower and lower end of the scale, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-higher alcohol competition. Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience.
You have an insight into high-end white wine. You're good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves. You're good at the future of the market. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.