The company is expected to achieve a gross operating income of around $6.77 billion, an increase of about 31.7 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of around $1.945 billion, a growth target that is likely to be overtaken by events.
Good, low pipeline stock, stable core singles, and good progress this year in the company's high-growth series, based on Bolivia's controlled volume, are expected to accelerate market promotion and consumer growth on the basis of the solid sub-high-end 20 products, the 30-bit recovery version of the 1,000-bit Saffron.
The presenter's edition has been on the market, leading to the upgrading of the product category. Since its launch on 6 August, the presenter's edition has landed in Shandong, Jiangsu, Anhui, Inner Mongolia, Tsangxi, Shanghai, Shanghai, and Shanghai.
In Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and other provincial core and highland markets, alcoholics report that the wine industry will rely on 14 major businesses to form a platform for the operation of the gifted version of Boone, which is expected to be replicated in other regions using Shandong as a model.
The bozos not only lead in the bottle of light wine, but will also create a 5 per cent annual quota of scarcity in the market, and continue to nurture consumers with quality-up stories, gradually making a 100-dollar bottle of light \triangleright \triangleright \
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics \triangleright Shanxi rum (60809.sh): control of markets
Xianxi Liquor (60809.sh): Open lock, Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh): Open door red, Shinda Securities Inc.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, studied the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China.
The research focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, focusing on valuations and security margins. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or viewpoints in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.