Shanxi Wine (60809) Food beverages q3 performed well, with a strong revival of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre on the way.
Incident: The company disclosed its operations for the period January-September 2022, and after preliminary accounting by the company, it is expected to achieve revenues of around $22.1 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of about 28 per cent in the same year, a net profit of around $7 billion for the mother, an increase of about $1 billion in the same year, an increase of 44.3 per cent in the same year, and performance in line with market expectations.
Growth is strong, and sales have improved significantly. In the second quarter, the external environment has disturbed, companies have taken the initiative to control the consignment festival, thereby reducing stocks, stabilizing prices, and saving early for benign growth in the second half of the year.
Marketing policy, which actively captures two-way market opportunities, raises revenue at a significantly faster rate than q2. During the two-way season, the company’s core products are sold well, bulk prices are generally stable, the flow rate is better than the same-priced competition, and the post-diplomatic stock is at a benign level, demonstrating strong demand resilience.
The product structure continues to be upgraded and increases within and outside the province.
Strategies, channels, tight supply balance, orderly import of new gifts, cashier products, recovery of the feast market, and acceleration of sales rings in three quarters. With high growth in medium-end high-end products such as sunflowers, the public interest rate increased by 3.2 percentage points to 31.7 per cent in the previous three quarters of the year, and single-q3 net interest rates increased by 2.5 hundred per cent.
The cumulative epidemic is better regulated and rapid growth within the province is achieved; three quarters benefit from the recovery of the banquet table, and sales in the q2 market around the Shanxi market have improved significantly; companies have advanced the second depth of the market south of the Yangtze River to strengthen the consumer culture and achieve the goal of a year-long recovery.
The goal of income growth has been achieved. 2 - The company is actively engaged in rejuvenation, marketing and consumer development. In August, the gift plate was put on the market, retail prices were set at $109 per bottle, and the volume of the product was about 5 per cent of the average. 3 - In the event of macroeconomic pressure and the outbreak of the epidemic, the company is booming.
The season has been marked by strong growth-resilient supermarket expectations: looking to the future, the corporate product matrix has grown a little bit, national expansion has steadily advanced, and future growth is expected to continue to lead the world.
1. Shanxi wine (60809), steady progress, residual strength 2. Shanxi wine (60809): high-end and nationalization along with strong growth performance (2022-04-29)
Shanxi Liquor (600809) : Xiaohua leads up and looks at the year-round high elasticity (2022-04-12) 4. Shanxi Liquor (60809) : the opening of the door is on schedule.
There has been no general revival (2022-03-10) and no direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.