The performance is in line with expectations, and the power of the Xiaoxi Wine (600809.sh) incident evaluation report continues to be published in the three-quarterly newspaper of 2022.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Performances meet expectations and do not lose 5 pct. This is Māori uplift and 2 pcc, administrative cost increases
This is due to a decrease of 1 pct. Net operating cash flow of 2022q1-q3 to 8,141 million dollars. Quarterly reports are still bright.
High growth in the wine series, deep nationalization, product breakdown, 2022q1-q3 wine series, bamboo leaf wine series, almond village wine department $206.59/6663/687 million, of which 2022q3 were collected, respectively
The product strategy is a series of brands that continue to boost the company's brand, and a 30-year-old rejuvenation, which seeks a grand price with a large single item, and a 40-60 price plus,2 Shanxi Wine (60809): Performance card.
Single, new bottling seeks $100 for large singles to enhance the competitiveness of the old and Panamanian products. For the subregion, the intra-provincial/off-provincial market collects3 and the Hong Kong Securities * Report * Shanxi Liquor.
The regional expansion is based on the “1357” nationalization scheme, which is expected to rise to 3:7 per cent in the 1450s, both within and outside the province.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, disease-delayed consumption, under-growth of ceremonial flowers, presentation by the Food and Beverage Group, Sunshan Hill: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.