The Sini Sanctuary, the Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) and the q3 series have continued to grow, and the profits are too high to be expected.
On October 27, 2022, 7,108 million yuan, a 45.7 per cent increase over the same period, of which 2,096 million yuan was net profit in the third quarter, a year-on-year increase in revenue, which was higher than previously forecast.
\triangleright is 32.5% higher than the net profit of $2,096 million, 57% higher than the previous year, and the ring is growing faster and more profitable than the previous announcement.
Market data: On October 27, 2022, high- and medium-end products, such as the Saffron series, increased significantly. Specifically: 1) Sub-products, q3 wine series, collected $6,464 million, compared to +36.61%, and the q3 Saffron series is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Highest/minimum in the year: market value (billions): yuan, i.e. 37.23 per cent of the year; $204 million per year, i.e. +2.31 per cent of the year, per year.
Māori ups and costs are falling, and profits are increasing. The company's net profit and fragrance in the first three quarters of 2022 is mainly based on its initiative to restructure and adjust the rhythm, and q3 is in the hands of the company as the end sales continue to improve.
Two seasons of opportunity, orderly delivery. This year, the whole model of the wine distribution system has changed, with the market being more accurate in terms of the monthly quota, focusing on the quarterly growth balance, with an expected 40% increase in q4 battalion. Moreover, in view of the development of the fragrance, Qingixiang has risen, but the heat has not really started.
Starting with the release and rapid development of the history of the wine, the Qingixiang wine is not currently a brand camp or a brand ladder. Under the leadership of the Qing Lilong Head wine, the Qing Quixiang wine has broken out with a strong growth, and the Quixian brand is growing faster.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: read the pace of re-pacing for the second quarter in the short term, \triangleright performance improved for the third quarter, mission objectives achieved throughout the year without risk.
The goals are clear and the performance is certain. Therefore, as the product structure is upgraded, the scale effects are highlighted and management performance is optimized, profit increases are higher than income increases, and net interest rates are expected to increase. Projected. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the personal gain of another person.