(b) Performance was on schedule, slightly exceeding the forecast value. 22q3, the company achieved a revenue of $6.81 billion, an increase of 32.54 per cent, the mother ' s net profit of $2,096 million, an increase of 56.96 per cent).
By product, the 22q3 saliva/tampas/Apricot Village has generated $6,464 million and $115 million, respectively. Practice number: s150520110001 This year, Ye Qing focused on product collating and upgrading, with a contraction in sales. 2) Subregionally, 22q3 province
In the third quarter, the share of the corporate out-of-town income was 61.4%, and we expect the out-of-provincial ratio to be a smooth 60% improvement throughout the year, further accelerating out-of-provincial expansion. By the end of the third quarter, the number of corporate distributors stood at 3,729, the ring was steadily rising and the market was growing. 22q3, the company's Māori ratio was equal to +1.71 pt to 1.71 pt.
\triangleright 77.91%, mainly increased investment in the Saffron series and continued upgrading of the product structure; business taxes and attachments; increased market promotion by companies in the Saffron series since this year, and increased consumer growth
Work and branding activities; management cost ratios of 1.37 pct to 4.38%; thus, 22q3 is attributed to the company’s contractual liability of $4.725 billion, leaving more than enough reservoirs. The full price line is clear, and growth is more stable.
The upgrading of the bottle of light wine, which has grown to 7 billion-grade singles, and with the gifted form of bouncing at the $100 plaque of the bottle, there is still room for low-end structural upgrading in the future. Since this year, the fast-growing strength of the 20 sunflowers at the second-highest price has shown the value of the wine, and our branding is accelerating the return.
The company is expected to accelerate the recovery of the 30th Saffron in Shanxi City (60809.sh): a breakthrough in the 1,000-dollar mark, and a rim layout of 40 super-high-priced Saffrons.
Support for large cores of monolithic products, including unmanageable waist products from Panama, the old white platinum, and the company's ability to control the market with strong risk resistance to the uncertainty of industry adjustment and the establishment of growth stability.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh): Open lock \triangleright Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The study focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, focusing on valuation and security margins.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.