Investment rating: Purchase (maintain) on December 26, Shanxi Wine convened the 2022 Global Dealer Conference on the theme “Accessing to move forward with courage to advance the quality of the wine.”
• The structure of the product is rising upwards, and the market south of the Yangtze is growing rapidly.
2.70% of the company's products are solidly rising, the series of sunflowers are continuing its high growth, the prices of banks and banks are increasing their overall strength in comparison to the 300-year-old trend, and the chain of bounties is continuing to strengthen the demand base of the population.
The number of controlled terminals in the country has broken over 112 million, and the core market south of the Yangtze has made steady breakthroughs, with sales revenue of 2,572 million yuan in the previous three quarters, an increase of 44.57 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a gradual build-up of new engines. For dealers, the number of global distributors has reached 2,864, with an additional 1,024;
There are 994 special stores and 18 new ones, of which the distributors continue to have an optimal structure of size, have a steady pace of excellence, are engaged in the marketing of wine around the "13348" product, and the company will carry out a full-scale product matrix exercise in the future.
The Qinghua 20 is the benchmark for development, raising the class and size of Qinghua 30, Qinghua 40 products, promoting market access and achieving a major breakthrough in the whole series of Qinghua wine products.
On the brand side, it's always been a long-term strategy. Building on the previous good market climate, we've been doing a lot of marketing, selling a lot of things, raising a lot of people, and actually making a lot of money.
The company is fully aware of the current situation and, in the context of the objective development of identifying the “two dilemmas” and the “five issues”, calls for working thinking around the marketing of the “13348” wine, that is, around one centre, three main tasks, three actions, four systems, eight.
Accommodating and promoting a higher quality in the marketing of rum in all its aspects. Under the "123" umbrella and the first eight-phase platform, the rapid upgrading of brand values, the transformation of internationalization strategies, and the optimization of product structures are being promoted.
Companies view the benefits and disadvantages of development, actively insist on product upgrading, and promote high-quality development, and we see that the process of nationalization and high-end progress continues.
(3) The Saffron series has not grown as expected, and has served in the International Securities and Pension Fund at Seaton, where the data and information used in the present report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information on legal compliance.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.