The product structure has been upgraded, the nationalization has increased, the three-quarterly review of Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) has been reduced by $7.108 billion (+45.70 per cent) and the non-repatriation net profit of $7.102 billion (per cent) has been reduced.
q3 has rebounded rapidly, and the markets, both within and outside the country, have moved in parallel. In the middle autumn and the high seasons of the Chinese National Day, the spread of the epidemic has improved, with more than 40% growth in the net profit ring ratio of the 2022q3 company, and a significant rebound in the same rate of growth.
Under the strategy of "catching green flowers, strong waists, steady waves" the share of high- and medium-end products rose, and the number of sparkling flowers rose rapidly.
The total number of distributors is 3,729, representing a net increase of 205 and a net increase of 81 single q3. The geographical distribution (year-on-year +31.52 per cent) is 100 million yuan, benefiting from an upscaling of consumption in the provinces, and the off-provincial market is benefiting from a flexible and effective market opening and layout in the context of the spread of the epidemic.
The product structure was optimized with a significant increase in cumulative income and improved profitability. 2022q3 company Maori was 77.91 per cent (year-on-year +1.72 pct), mainly as a result of product structure optimization. 2022q3 sales/management/research and development rates/financial costs were 16.39 per cent (year-on-year).
[Food and drink] Shanxi wine (600809.sh): o +0.11 ptt. The scale effect of the product ' s optimal structure and the substantial increase in sales revenue is as follows:
When the new management came into office, it was proposed to continue to deepen its reforms, and it was hoped to activate its internal business dynamism. The high-end, led by the sunflower series, was well under way, with the company’s product structure and profitability.
Thanks to the prosperity of the province’s pillar coal industry, a strong market share in the Bounty, a strategy that focuses on the south of the Yangtze River, the long triangle, and the pearl triangle’s core markets. At the same time, a well-defined marketing strategy, along with a steadily flatening distribution system, helps to drive the process.
(a) The further deepening of nationalization, the steady progress of nationalization and upgrading, the consolidation of internal reforms to optimize operational efficiency, the failure to open out-of-country markets, the intensification of the epidemic, and the downside of the white and wine industry;