How do you think business income growth is higher than expected, and business is rising steadily?
The main reason why the business income of 21H1 is expected to be the same as in 20/19 if Caos and Sunshine are excluded is because domestic market firms seize high-end market growth opportunities, globalization, external markets continue to move into a period of virtuous development, digital platforms change, and markets rise to the end of the market.
q2 Māori ratio +3.13 pct, does not fall back, mainly because of the face-to-face changes in corporate profitability?
Impediments such as high-end product ratios for large commodities, spare parts price increases, optimization of supply chain efficiency, reduction of low Māori operations, and the absorption of cost pressures.q2 achieved a net interest rate of 6.76 per cent compared to +2.45 pt, mainly for sales and management costs of beneficiary companies
Control over the elimination of the revenue impact of 20q2 Caos, the 21q2 marketing/management/research and development/financial end branding strategy, the advantage of its global domestic poles in the industrial chain, the significant impact of the digital transformation, the significant increase in the operational capacity and cost-investment efficiency of both domestic and foreign organizations, and the assurance of corporate profitability
How to see Heir’s medium- and long-term sustainability? 1) Focus on high value: high-end brands, landscape brands, eco-brand strategies that help Haile achieve a high share, high-profit, and efficient.
The future direction of the domestic domestic domestic electricity market. 2) Overseas markets enter the harvest period: overseas markets are up-to-date, home-run, applying accumulated country-based experience in high-end branding operations and online channels and digital marketing to overseas markets, and can do so.
High Equity Incentives show long-term development confidence to effectively improve operational efficiency, shape differentiated competitive advantages, and explore new possibilities for more overseas growth.
Three-wing birds can go through the wind sometimes. 3) There's still much to be done in-house: as corporate strategy progresses steadily, the digital platform and the operation of Sindh Securities Inc.
The system is well-developed, operational efficiency is steadily improving, overseas markets are on track to the harvest period, the profitability of the public cindaseecuitiesco., ltd Division will continue to improve, and the rich brands and product matrix will be the company's response to market change.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration City Street in Beijing City, Beijing, will become more strategically adapted, and the development path of high-end, synthesizing and landscaped will create more imagination for Heir’s future income and profitability.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect companies to earn \triangleright for 21-23 years less than expected, synthesizing/scene product education less than expected, exchange rate fluctuations high,
One: Income analysis: more flowers, higher revenues, higher profits, higher profits, higher profits, higher operating revenues for 21h1 than for 20/19, +27.2/+22.7 per cent, respectively.
1) In terms of sub-regions, 21h1 income from smart household operations in the country and foreign countries increased by +29.9/+23.4 per cent, and operating profits by +50.1/+113.4 per cent, respectively, compared to +74.4 per cent in the Qasa Empire, the share of operating income from overseas has increased steadily, with the share of total operating income from mainland 21h1 and other regions rising by 45.52/51.48 per cent, respectively.
For overseas markets, the income from business in North America/Europe/Australia/South Asia/South-East Asia/Japan market, respectively, as per Figure 1: Share of industry income in overseas markets, by sub-product, shows a relatively stable share of corporate products in total revenue, a slight decline in air conditioning, and the laundry business.
A slight increase over the reporting period, where refrigerators/washers/air conditioners/cooking appliances/whose home/channel operations accounted for the combined services of the total operating income and others) showed that the market share of Hel's refrigerators, washing machines, water heaters were the first to be sold and the retail share of the various product categories was maintained.
According to the data, 21H1 has a market share of refrigerators/washers/air conditioners/heats/cookers/cooking wires in Europe, Russian air conditioners first, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Polish multi-gate refrigerators first, Czech dry-cleaning machines first, British wine cabinet first, washing machines, dryers, dry-cleaners first, Indian market company
The share was 9.7 per cent, while the total share of companies in the Pakistani market was 35 per cent; in the Japanese market, the share of Hale cold cleaning was 13.8 per cent.4 According to the sub-channels, the company power source continued to grow at a high rate, with the same sales as +41 per cent in the first half of the year.
+1.35%. Underline companies insist on siloing, using digital platforms to improve efficiency, sub-line exclusive channels, 21h1 revenue, II. Profit analysis: marketing, management costs are properly regulated, profitability is significantly enhanced. Upgrade product ratios + optimize supply chain efficiency + low-mori business disposal, companies successfully absorb raw materials and spare parts costs
Pressure. The price of raw materials such as steel, copper, aluminium, etc., the primary raw materials in the domestic electricity industry soared in the first half of 2021, and the cost of shipping, etc., increased significantly. However, Hale ' s wisdom relied on his own brand strategy and business layout elastic arrangements, and the Māori rate did not reverse, with Māori rates of 30.06 per cent achieved in the first half of the year, compared to 2.07 pt, q2 Māori rates of 31.57 per cent and +3.13 pt root;
According to the data from Mid-Ekang, the average price of empty ice shampoo in the q2 offline market is +19.41/+19.51/+18.56, respectively, and the price of ice shampoo is +20.26/+16.27/+10.98%, respectively. Domestic digital transformation adds, at the cost end, to optimize organizational operating efficiency and cost-investment efficiency, and overseas market collection regulations
Q2 is influenced by factors such as shopping festivals 618 and a slight increase in sales inputs, company sales/management/research and development/financial fees, figure 7: changes in Heir ' s smart rate (single season)
Māori uplifts, coupled with good cost controls, have shown a strong corporate profitability. 21h1 achieved a net interest rate of 6.22%, a net interest rate of 6.76% and a ratio of 6.75% and a net interest rate of +2.45pt.
III. OPERATION ANALYSIS: Greater reserve response to cost pressures, more upstream pressure to reduce turnover pressures, and more company readiness to cope with higher cost pressures on commodities, raw materials, etc.
The company has a good credit and industry chain position.3 The net cash flow generated by the operations of the 21h1 company totalled $8,424 million, compared to $543 million during the same period last year, and the net cash flow generated by the operations of the q2 company totalled $5,560 million, compared to +6.02 per cent, mainly due to increased profits from the current business.
As a result of the company ' s purchases of property during the reporting period, net cash flows generated by the company ' s investment activities at the end of the period -- 32.35 million yuan -- IV. Looking forward: higher, faster, stronger 1) high-end brands, landscape brands, eco-brand strategies, leading the country ' s high-end smarter electricity market.
The high-end market has seen a steady increase in market share over the years, with h1 kasati refrigerators/cooking/air conditioning/operations equal to +52.9164.5/+124.6%, and q2 brands operating at +70%. The three-wing bird scene brands connect the company’s internal brands, products, and provide consumers with a home-to-house experience.
The eco-brand strategy creates more possibilities for companies, with Kaos, Sunshine Logistics, Leisure Life, Heinau Cloud, Sea Genesis, Hearing Network, Heel Network, seven eco-brands from Production, Procurement, Logistics, and Exterior Ecology.
Family empowerment, while enhancing the efficiency of the enterprise itself, provides consumers with more intelligent and accessible home appliances, directs home appliances, starts acquiring well-known overseas home brands, adopts a parallel two-line model of Hal + local industry brands, and reduces the marketing of brands that allow faster and better adaptation to local markets.
Companies apply their accumulated experience of high-end domestic branding and online and digital marketing to overseas markets, effectively increasing operational efficiency and shaping differentiated competitive advantages. At the same time, corporate globalization platforms can effectively improve supply chains, R & D, manufacturing efficiency, and home-grown operating systems.
The combination of large capital expenditures and poor profitability of overseas companies during the integration phase has made it difficult to improve Heir’s level of profit and gain over the years. But with the privatization of Hel’s electrical appliances completed, digital platforms and operating systems were well-developed and operationalized.
Rates are rising steadily; global synergies are fully realized in overseas markets, and the “one person” model is more dynamic. Moreover, rich brands and product matrices provide companies with more room for strategic adjustment in response to market changes, flexibility in dealing with adverse factors such as higher prices and stagnant end demand, and high-end, synthesizing, landscape-based development paths will also be the Heir Camp for the Future.
In 2015 and 2017, new wealth was created in the hardware development sector of tp-link. In July 2020, it joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the home and electricity industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.