Resource and Environmental Research Centre Increased profitability and long-term configuration of the hub airport 2.28 billion yuan, or 20.4 per cent, of the company ' s operating income of 2018q1; net profit of 1.02 billion yuan to the mother, same
The low growth in traffic did not hinder the rate of upswing: sanctions at Shanghai Airport 2018q1 continued, the rate of upswings remained low, with the same 2.7 per cent increase in landings (previous 3.4 per cent) and passenger throughput increasing by 5.5 per cent (previous value: 9.9 per cent (domestic 1.6 per cent).
Cost controls are good and profitability is high: the company's operating cost of 2018q1 is $1.12 billion, with an increase of 1.
The increase in prices and the increase in international passenger traffic has been very profitable for companies. The Māori ratio of 2018q1 company 2. The new tax-exempt agreement is expected to improve the normal rate of flights and look forward to a warmer flow: after the launch of the 115th, the Pudong Airport flight was released.
3. Rapid Aerial Income Growth: Investment Gains Added by 59.5% and 85.8%. The improvement in normal rates is expected to remove the penalty imposed on Pudong and facilitate travel of passengers.
In addition, the Satellite Office is expected to be operational by the end of 2019, when the output of the terminal will expand, or will grow at a time.
Business leasing continues to be seen as a major driver of performance growth, coupled with an upturn in residential consumption, a higher share of international hub airport lines and a greater willingness on the part of passengers to consume. Satellite halls are close to the sum of t1/t2 and have no security and value areas, with larger commercial space, have contributed to a significant increase in commercial rental income.
The new agreement, if it increases to 40%, is expected to result in an increase of about $500 million over the six-month period of benefits, with the Shanghai airport leading the hub, with international and regional lines accounting for nearly 50% and passengers of better quality.
Business is expected to lead to long-term high performance growth, with new tax-free agreements in 2018 contributing to higher performance. And, with steady endogenous growth, expansion of productive capacity, reduced capital spending, sufficient cash, and significant security margins,
Figure 1: Shanghai Airport aircraft landings and their speed of growth
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment