The first quarter of 2023 was published. In the first quarter of 2023, the company realized business income.
8.93 billion yuan, or 24.14 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to the mother is 3,245 million yuan, or 46.49 per cent over the same period; earnings per share of the company are essentially 0.35 yuan per quarter, or 45.83 per cent over the same period; the weighted average net asset collection proceeds fall with market fluctuations, resulting in a digitized client advantage.
The size of the fund-raising is $1281 billion, the size of the non-monetary market fund-raising is $143.2 billion, the 52-week maximum/minimum price is second only to the Sino-Tribunal industry. Companies build digital wealth management platforms and explore the wealth of ai technology.
In the area of enrichment, where the number of clients and the size of assets are barriers, the improved sales of funds will raise revenue, increase bond investments, and contribute to higher self-employment returns. Companies will achieve investment business income (51% fair) in one quarter. Companies will adjust their asset allocation, particularly by increasing bond allocation and investing in bonds in one quarter.
The same 40-per-cent increase in the investment schedule for other creditors, combined with the structural warming of equity markets, investment patterns and rate of return growth driven by a significant rise in investment income. Investment revenue fell slightly, and industry focus, regional layout, and deep-farming by clients brought development potential.
Reserves are 44, ranked fifth in the industry. Companies are investing in new energy, semiconductors, large health and well-being, leading clients, with a 100% approval rate for group ipo projects in 2022, and in full-blown Washington Securities (601688.sh) - Platforms have a continuing edge, science and technology-driven transition.
“Technology and Technology Building Institutions and Wealth Ecology” - “One Huathai” shows core competitiveness, and capital is a pilot field. The company achieves a business management income of $1.004 billion a quarter, an increase of 2.55%.
Huatai Securities (601688.sh) - Performance of good governance, investment business pressure - and full-chain resource advantages, leveraging investment asset discovery, risk pricing and product design, building of Huatai Securities (601688.sh) - Continuous increase in influence of wealth management -
A leading asset-management platform within the industry to close the “investment-capital-wealth” business model. The Three Quarterly Report Review of Huathai Securities-601688-2021: Retail customers’ significant advantage - increased competition in the market; liquidity constraints leading to higher financing costs; and less-than-expected innovation.
High-scale investment in technology, sustained technology-driven digital transformation, will highlight the advantages of the Internet and the advantages of products in the context of the re-launching of the triangulation policy, and our companies will maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase on HTPs, Figure 3: Net equity return on HTPs, Figure 4: Net profit and increase on HTPs
Figure 5: Structure of the company's main business The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future