Postal banks have a steady growth in revenue and assets of excellent quality.
The business model of self-employed agents is the only one in the country, with a network covering all cities and 99% of the country’s districts.
• Steady growth in revenue collection, excellent asset quality, steady growth in revenue collection and increased provision for higher growth in the first quarter (5.47 per cent, yoy) and faster than in 2019 (6.06 per cent, yoy)
The net interest income, driven by scale expansion, increased by 4.38% over the year, compared to 2019 (2.61%) and is expected to have a greater impact on bank cards and clearing operations revenue in the first quarter. The company’s pre-accumulated provision helps maintain robust performance, with net profit rising from 6.7% before the provision.
8.5%, but based on the risk prudential principle, the company’s 1-quarter provision was more robust than in 2019. The scale expansion was robust, and public credit was more intensely invested in public credit (7.1%, qoq) at a faster rate than retail (4.3%, qoq).
In the early stages of our period (13bp) exceeded the end-of-the-life cost rate (7bp). Looking ahead, we believe that corporate interest differentials remain under narrow pressure.
The asset quality performance was excellent and the rate of underperformance remained low The asset quality performance of the company was excellent, with a flat ratio of 0.86 per cent for the first quarter, which remained low compared to that of the partner, and the negative production rate after the quarterly write-off was 0.46 per cent, which remained better than that of the comparable partner.
As a result of the downside economy, asset quality is higher than expected.
The Postal Bank publishes a quarterly report for the year 2020 with a net profit of +8.50 per cent per quarter. The total asset is 10.8 trillion yuan (+6.46 per cent).
The reserve bank experienced a steady increase in revenue in the first quarter (5.47%, yoy) at a rate similar to that of 2019 (6.06%, yoy). Of this, net interest income in the first quarter increased by 4.38%, compared to 2.61% in 2019.
Other non-interest income increased by 31% on the same year, mainly due to higher valuations of bonds and equity investment funds. The company’s pre-accumulated provision helped to maintain robust performance, with net profits rising from 6.7% to 8.5% per cent in the first quarter compared to the pre-arrival period, but based on the precautionary principle, the company’s 1-quarter provision increased from 2019 to less than 2019 in the first quarter.
At the end of the debt, the deposit ring increased by 4.82 per cent in the first quarter and the deposit in the liability structure maintained a high proportion of 96 per cent of the public.
The Division's interest differentials remain narrow but can be mitigated by raising credit ratios and replacing high-cost liabilities with low-interest-rate peer liabilities
Retail credit has an impact on the quality of the assets. According to our calculations, a negative production rate of 0.46% after write-off in the first quarter is still excellent.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)