The company released its mid-2022 report, removing the Chinese technology from the control technology, and the company's low-pressure appliance and the company's low-pressure appliance.
Low-pressure electrical panels operating robustly: in the first half of 2022, the company ' s low-pressure electrical operations showed a rapid growth in electricity operations, data communications, industrial projects, new energy sources, etc. in the domestic market, with a focus on products and solutions innovations in overseas markets, and a renewed focus on channels.
Large strategic clients. Against a backdrop of greater uncertainty in the macro-environment as a whole, the low-pressure electrical branch achieved revenues of $10,962 million, an increase of 1.71 per cent in the same year, while the plate-rich rate was affected by factors such as the price increase in raw materials, a decline of 3.18 percentage points to 25.45 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s new energy division achieved revenues of 100 million yuan, a net profit of 735 million yuan, a new installed capacity of 2,706mw, representing 30 per cent of the country ' s additional installed capacity with photovoltaics in the first half of the year and a further increase in the city ' s share; and a sales capacity of 657mw.
By the end of the second half of 2022, a self-held capacity of 7,419mw had generated 4,382 million kwh of electricity. Reverser storage facilities have opened their way: the company ' s subsidiary Shanghai Power Source System covers photovoltaic invertors, commercial energy integrated units, pre-loaded photovoltaic systems, pre-loaded storage systems, etc., with ownership.
The full range of 1kw-4.4mw photovoltaic converter products and rich storage energy products of autonomous intellectual property rights meet the demand for light storage in households, businesses, terrestrial power stations and are expected to develop rapidly.
Positive Thai Electrics: Household use continues to grow with high photovoltaics, low voltage appliances, raw material price risks; photovoltaic policy risks; photovoltaic power plant subsidy arrears and power limit risks; domestic fixed asset investments are below expectations; overseas markets are not expanding as expected; the impact of the new crown epidemic is exceeding expectations.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.