\triangleright \triangleright 31/08/2022
On a single quarter, 22q2 companies have consistently optimized their operating costs, and their profitability is expected to accelerate their recovery. On the cost rate, 22h1 companies have a long-term cost \triangleright \triangleright.
In the context of the sharp rise in raw material prices, the company has not raised prices and implemented a strategy of scale-up, targeting a higher share of the market. As the cost rate is optimized and the channel is upgraded, the net interest rate for the company is 10.19%, and Deng Young-kang has a net interest rate of 22q2
The company’s low-pressure appliance continues to push for the "Blue Coast Line \triangleright move 2.0" version, and the increased market share is expected to accelerate the increase in profitability: 1) channels, overall district construction,
Xiaob Xiaoa's clients have been steadily moving forward with the addition of provincial capitals/Industrial City channels and the orderly development of district generals and distributors.
At the same time, the company continues to expand its distribution capacity, with distribution networks spread across 320 local municipalities, nearly 2,200 districts and more than 1,800 townships across the country, further increasing channel coverage and infiltration across a number of countries, with 30+ overseas subsidiaries, and seven overseas manufacturing bases.
The new energy business maintains a high profile, with a rising share of home-based photovoltaics. The company’s new energy \triangleright business maintained a high profile in the first half of the year, showing a good growth trend, with future asset balances as the company’s components are removed from business.
Further optimization is expected to increase profitability. 1) Household loading continues to improve, with 22h1 being collected by Thai energy. 1. Jung-tae Electrics (601877.sh) 2021 and 22q Photovoltaic additional loading capacity of 8.9gw, with an additional capacity of 2.7gw, 30% in the city and 30% in the future.
Quarterly reviews: steady growth of low-pressure appliances, new energy operations, household energy plates are expected to continue the rapid pace of development; 2) in the area of channel coverage, 22h1 has more than 360 new allied agents, and as of 22h1, 8 regional companies, 27 offices have been established and 27 offices owned by Cheyenne.
1000+ Agencies with channels covering 21 provinces, 1,200+ districts and districts; 3) In terms of the business model, companies use the full-scale layout of the "double brands plus three categories" to create advantages and provide more options for downstream customers. \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.