Billion dollars, an increase of 13-18% from the same year.
Corporate performance has been hampered by changes in non-operational fair value, but performance has continued to be excellent. The performance of the technology portfolio has grown by about 15% in a quarter, as we see it, mainly as a result of the February epidemic, but the company has responded well, returning fully to production in March, and increasing on a single-month basis in March.
67% to 90%, and the company’s performance before and after the first quarter is low, and growth is expected to continue in the second quarter. The current demand side of the airpodspro is on fire, the pro version is expected to deliver more than expected throughout the year, the benefits are available as a core supplier, and the company’s profits are traditionally low in the first quarter of the year, and the epidemic will affect the whole year even less.
Following the release of iphonese2 and 5g editions of iphone, corporate big clients’ orders have continued to grow year-round. A subsidiary trend has been positive, losses have been narrow, and the company’s integrated management capacity has been highlighted \triangleright
A season of bright Eastern colours and a year-long loss of gyro-magnets has been significantly narrower than last year and has been profitable in March alone, corporate internal integration has been put in place, management capacity has been highlighted, production is expected to take place in the East glimmering beneficiary countries this year, and there is a year-round hope to make a profit, and the gyro is working with Selcon to bring it to high growth during the time of wireless charging.
Looking to the future, a new round of high growth is determined \triangleright airpods continues to explode, national opportunities are accelerated, salcomp is well integrated, and the technology itself is expected to continue to perform well.
Short-term benefits, airpods, second-half-year benefits, iphone switching cycles add up the share of domestic production clients. In the long run, the focus of the extended conglomerate model is clear, companies move from model to model, integrate upstream materials and move to downstream modules, opening up longer space.
The new Division underestimates and gives a “recommended” rating for continuing excellence in technology.
2. E.M.I.A. (002600) Performance Review: Exceeding Technology and Technology, New Round, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.