Biyadibyd (002594ch) Performance on the scale effect, strategy for seaboard integration of the global layout and localization operations
The first time in a single season that the Māori rate is exceeding Tesla was achieved.
Business income in the first half of the year was $26.120 billion, an increase of 72.7 per cent over the previous year; this included vehicle-related economies of scale and strong cost-control capabilities in the industrial chain. The net profit in the first half of the year was $10.95 billion, a significant increase of 204.7 per cent; and net profit after deduction was $9.69 billion, the same amount.
Business cash flows in the first half of the year were $81.97 billion, with ample cash in hand. Technology responded to price wars, and performance is expected to continue. Companies sold $30.39 billion during the first half of the year, with a corresponding rate of 11.7 per cent, an increase of 3.1 pcts; sales/sales/
The sustained growth in inputs has been due to the high-end and intelligentness of companies’ continuous product additions, with Jadi currently owning 11 institutes, with over 90,000 R & D staff, maintaining an average of 19 patents per worker per day, and receiving 15 patent-authorized R & D outputs.
In the new and increasingly intense energy car market, technological power differentials can still be efficient and lead to a positive circulation of sales and slogans. We expect that non-homogenization technologies will remain better than Yadi's moat, and that high core technological inputs are expected to translate rapidly into a steady improvement in their yield.
Exports continue to be high, taking into account the global layout and localization of operations. Biadi’s overseas travels are reported to have reached 74,000 vehicles in the last six months, up from 5.36 million in the last year, accounting for about 9% of the country’s dev exports in the first half of the year.
In March of this year, the factory of Biade Thailand laid the foundation for its first overseas passenger vehicle production in Biadei.
Base, officially announces the launch of Biadi's strategy of sailing out of the sea, planning an annual capacity of 150,000 vehicles, and the company is expected to be officially operational by 2024; and in July Biadi announced the construction of a large production base complex consisting of three factories in Brazil, with a total investment of about RMB 4.5 billion, for the planning year.
150,000 vehicles, scheduled for the second half of 2024. We believe that with the construction and operation of the two major overseas production bases next year, Biadi will deepen the localization of the South-East Asian and South American markets, in conjunction with the company's forward sales of 800,000 vehicles in the European market in 2030.
Planning, we expect Biadi to expand the global production map to Europe soon, and hope to develop the auto industry chain vigorously in all regions, and to promote global electricity. A new car-type inventory will be released in the second half of the year: many new cars under the company’s flag will be on the air, at the middle end of the spectrum.
The number of vehicles will be: N7, N8, N8, U8 and U5 of which N7 has been delivered in July. The main sales model will be: The Dynasty Network Songl is now on display, the New Tang series will be launched on August 31, and the Seanet seal dm-i will open for sale.
As brand models are ready to be launched and replaced, the Biadian product matrix is becoming richer, providing full coverage of price bands and areas of breakdown. Most of the self-employed companies with a certain value premium.
35xpe, 3% above), maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.