Biadee shares (1211.hk)/Biadey (002594.ch): 2q23 profit forecast is over-expected and continues to keep an eye on the growth of the new energy vehicle.
Huang Jiaji, we reaffirm Biadi’s “buy-in” rating. The upward adjustment to Biadi’s profits in 2023 and 2024. Biadi’s medium-term performance forecast exceeded expectations, reiterating the “buy-in” rating: based on the medium-term performance forecast.
Biadi shares (1211.hk) The median net profit in Biadi for the second quarter will reach RMB 6.97 billion, a 150 per cent increase in the same year, a 69 per cent increase in the ring compared to our previous projections.
The profit-making contribution is beyond expectations, and Biadi's profitability is higher than we expected. We believe that Biadi's steady sales of new energy vehicles continue to outpace the industry's growth in scale, and that Biadi's ability to integrate vertically into car parts, such as batteries, is a second-quarter profit-over.
So we're going to have a more solid profit potential and a more stable base than Yadi's 2023 and 2024 projections. Biadi, one of China's, and indeed the global, new energy flagships, is the preferred option for the new energy vehicle industry.
Biadi’s share in China’s new energy use vehicle market is growing: according to recent research, we maintain China’s forecast of 8.5 million new energy use vehicles. Biadi’s new energy vehicle sales this year.
So Biadey won a market share in China’s new energy car market with a championship version and continued branding through the introduction of a high-end car. Valuation: we used the branch plus master method to value Biadi’s new energy vehicle, 2023.
Market surpluses in electronic and other business, such as mobile phones, 42 x, 20 x and 15 x, continued to increase competition in the Biadi stock industry, with company orders for new series of vehicles falling short of expectations; (3) upstream cost pressures to drag company Māori performance; and (4) slow progress in high-end or high-end vehicle demand.
Weaknesses; 5) Slower landings of autopilots, or lack of improvement in user experience.
According to Biadi’s medium-term performance forecast, company sales of new energy vehicles grew strongly in the first half of 2023 on the same high base last year, and market shares continued to rise. Despite increased competition in the automotive sector in the first half of the year, Biadi continued to build on the advantages of brand power, size advantage, and cost control of the industrial chain.
Upstream raw material prices have fallen, and good levels of profitability have continued. Mobile phone components and assembly operations have increased the share of large customers, the growth of new and emerging businesses such as new energy vehicles and new smart products, which have contributed to higher capacity utilization, and the further optimization of the business structure, which together has contributed to significant improvements in profitability.
Prospective international profits reflect mainly the company's continuously rising market share of new energy vehicles, its expanding size, its advantages and its excellent cost-control capabilities in the industrial chain.
Figure 6: An overview of the championship model configuration released by Biadi at the beginning of 2023 to date
We're predicting a scenario of optimism and pessimism in Biadi's 2023 net of new energy vehicles, mobile phones, electronics and other business.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing better than expected Demand for new domestic and overseas power-cars markets is growing faster and permeating
(b) Unexpected growth in demand in the domestic and overseas sectors of new energy vehicles: due to higher price fluctuations in upstream raw materials, the turnover of new energy vehicles increased further, driving faster growth in Biadi ' s revenues;
(a) Biadi's introduction of high-end and personalized brands, with a better demand than anticipated, with lower rates of growth than basic assumptions, leading to a decline in the Māori rate;
(a) The expansion of operations such as mobile phones, batteries, igbt, etc. is lower than the basic scenario;
The city of Biadi's automobiles has increased further, and pricing rights have increased, and companies have made slower progress on high-end vehicles, or have less demand for high-end vehicles.
Promising and pessimistic scenario: a share Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected
(a) Demand for new domestic and overseas energy-borne vehicles is growing faster and permeating, and demand for new domestic and overseas energy vehicles is not growing as expected;
The higher volatility in the prices of upstream raw materials and the higher volume of new energy vehicles than Yadi ' s introduction of high-end vehicles and personalized brands have resulted in better demand than anticipated and less rapid growth than basic assumptions, leading to a decline in the Māori ratio;
(b) The expansion of operations such as mobile phones, batteries, igbt, etc. is lower than the basic scenario;
Industry competition continues to increase, with company orders for new series of vehicles falling short of Biadi ' s market share and price-fixing increasing, and companies moving slowly towards high-end models or less demand for high-end models.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report has indicated and assured that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and has agreed to accept it:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.