Biadebyd (002594ch) saw a two-fold increase in profits in the first half of the year, and a 1h23 profitexpecedtodouble, optimisticaboutoutnewproducefilefilitatesalesreachingrecordhghs
The focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) is a two-fold increase in profits in the first half of the year, which continues to be high. Biadi predicts, in the first half of 2023.
Strong growth on a high base over the same period last year, thanks to increased brand power, greater dominance, increased cost control in the industrial chain, and falling prices of upstream raw materials. The first half of the year, the world’s new energy car was sold out, and the world was showing off.
At the beginning of the year, the price battles were triggered by the new energy car, which continued with the inside volume leading to a slight increase, or even negative growth, and the market conditions under which the Biadi market continued to run out of dust and hold the crown of the global new energy car. The cumulative vehicle sales in Biadi in the first half of the year amounted to 1,255.6 million vehicles, an increase of 95.8 per cent.
Of these, 250,000 were sold in June 2023, an increase of 88.2 per cent over the previous year, and 250,000 were sold for the first time in a single month. Biadi's performance abroad was high, with 743,000 recorded overseas in the last six months, up from 536,000 in the last year. Biadi was in the sea and abroad.
The market's brilliant performances are linked to brand influence and technological hard power. Technology breaks down, and the smart body control system released in April 2023 made Biadi the first Chinese company to control the smart body control system autonomously; and security, Bia.
Di seals received the c-ncap five-star safety evaluation in January of this year, more than the Aadiatto3 ($pus) was evaluated for their safety in the e-ncap and a-ncap collision tests in Europe and Australia; in terms of user outreach, more than Yadi took the lead this year in proposing “oil and electricity”.
Attractive prices have opened up new energy markets for tanker consumers. At the same time, accelerating the pace of sea travel, Biadi expanded to Europe, the Middle East, South-East Asia, Ausimaa, South America, and other places, and became Thailand’s champion of electric cars in the first half of 2023.
On July 14, the destroyer 07 under the Yadi flag was officially named the seal dm-i, based on the concept of ocean aesthetic design, using a borderless grid and a back-to-back design. According to the declaration, seals are expected to be in a state of emergency.
The dm-i power is based on the Biadi tremor dm-i supermix technology, with options for "two power + two continuations": 1.5l or 1.5 tdm-i hybrid system; 121/200km (nedc condition) pure electrical version, a medium-sized car in which the first pure transmission reaches 200 km.
The Division expects seal dm-i to be on the market in the third quarter of this year at a price range of $180,000-$250,000. In addition, the company’s new son, the Equator Leopard, has launched a brand called logo, a six-dimensional Leopard symbol, known as the Leopard Power, and is positioned as a hard-to-reach new energy. The company expects the first vehicle to be under the flag in the course of this year.
Release the delivery, and the price will enter the luxury brand area. We see that Biadi's new brands and products are starting a full new product cycle, sales and brand power that is expected to rise, and we expect the company to deliver more than 3.07 million cars in 2023.
Profit projection and investment rating: The downturn in the upstream battery lithium carbonate price, and the fall in the official asp will partly offset the positive benefit of the cost end to the company ' s profits. We expect public and private companies to value the combined strength significantly better than most of the industry ' s self-employed companies.
During the period, the new energy automobile industry was less favourable than expected.