Biadei shares (1211.hk)/Biadi (002594.ch): 2-quarter growth in single-car profit ring, maintaining a sales target of 3 million units throughout the year
Huang Jiaji Biadey's performance in the second quarter was in line with expectations, reiterating the “buy-in” rating: although, in the second quarter, Bia Biadi shares (1211.hk)
The average price of D-Cars dropped slightly over the same year, but the Māori rate of car-related business grew 3.8 percentage points over the same year, and 0.9 percentage points over the same period. This contributed to a significant increase in the Río-Río ratio by two quarters.
A strong basis for resistance to demand fluctuations. With China’s new energy vehicle penetration, Biadi’s continued high-end branding strategy, and fast-growing export sales, we maintain Biadi’s forecast of 3 million new energy vehicles today. Biadi is a new source of energy for China and the rest of the world.
One of the leading drivers is our first choice in the new energy vehicle industry. This is consistent with the previous new energy source investment manual.
The forecast is 8.5 million vehicles by car. Biadi's new energy sales this year are expected to hit the target of 3 million and more. So Biadi's share in China's new energy vehicle market is expected to grow from 28% in 2022 to 35% in 2023.
Quality of car profits and ability to gain market share. Valuation: we value Biadi ' s 2024 new energy vehicle, Biadi (002594.ch) using the branch plus general method.
E-commerce and other operations, such as mobile phones, have had a market surplus of 22 x, 16 x and 13 x, resulting in the impact of the consolidated statements from Biadi shares and operations.
Investment risk: The demand for new energy vehicles, both domestic and overseas, has grown less than expected. Industry competition continues to grow, with companies ' new series of vehicle orders falling short of expectations. Upstream cost pressures drag companies’ Māori performance. Companies’ high-end models are moving slowly, or demand for high-end vehicles is weak.
The driver's landing rate is slow, or the user's experience is not improving significantly.
• 2q23 performance reviews show a 5% decline in the same year and a 4% decline in the ring. The single-car profit ratio has increased, and the ring ratio has increased. • The operating profit is RMB 8,966 million, a double increase in the same year and the ring has grown by 24%.
The net profit performance fell between the previous performance forecast, slightly below the midpoint of the guide. Biadi’s performance highlights Market outlook: China’s automobile market is still growing and its structure is expected to accelerate.
By the end of this year, China’s new energy vehicle penetration could reach a level of over 40% per month, with year-round penetration rates competing, especially in the segmented market, for which the company has stated that it is well prepared. The business outlook: stock spreads in the first and second quarters of this year, and earnings in the third and fourth quarters of this year will continue to improve.
Maintaining the 2023 sales target: Faced with the challenges of this year’s economic environment, the company is still confident that 3 million vehicles will be sold annually, including more than 200,000 in exports. In addition, the company’s chart shows that Bialdi’s exports will reach 400,000 next year.
Brand matrix: Biadi adheres to a multi-brand strategy, including Biadi brands, stumps, looks, equation panthers, etc., with products covering the RMB 70,000 to RMB 1.09 million price bands, from ordinary to personalized vehicles, and full electricization.
Based on Biadi's 2q23 performance and the company's future business outlook, we have slightly reduced Biadi's continuously rising share of the new energy vehicle market, its expanding size, its advantages and its excellent cost-control capabilities in the industrial chain in a highly competitive environment.
We use sotp (sumoftalparts, branch plus general) to make valuation projections in Biadi, where we predict the impact of the consolidated statements from the net benefits of new energy vehicles, mobile phones, etc., and other operations in Biadi in 2024.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios: Port stock Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: Corporate income growth is better than expected
The demand for new domestic and overseas energy-borne vehicles has grown faster, and the domestic and overseas demand for new energy vehicles has not grown as fast as expected: the penetration rate has increased further, driving the higher income growth in Biadi;
(b) The introduction of high-end and personalized brands by Biadi is more demanding than expected.
(a) The expansion of operations such as mobile phones, batteries, and igbt is lower than the basic scenario;
Industry competition continues to increase, with company orders for new series of vehicles falling short of Biadi ' s market share and price-fixing increasing, and companies moving slowly towards high-end models or less demand for high-end models.
P7 Silver International Spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario: a share Pessimism scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
The demand for new domestic and overseas energy vehicles has grown less than expected: the demand for new domestic and overseas vehicles has grown faster, and the demand for new domestic and overseas vehicles has become more permeable.
A further increase in the penetration rate contributed to a faster increase in Biadi's income; due to higher price volatility of upstream raw materials, the volume of new energy vehicles sold was better than that of the Yadi's high-end vehicle and personalized branding.
(c) Business expansion such as mobile phones, batteries, and igbt is lower than the underlying scenario;
(b) Industry competition continues to increase, and orders for new series of vehicles are not as high as the Biadi City share, and pricing rights are increasing.
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have indicated and assured that they are entitled to receive this report under the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.