IT technology hardware and equipment Up and down, releasing a warmer demand signal, changes in upstream chip patterns leading to better corporate Maori, downstream cloud computing firm capital expenditure warming, 5g commercial booster server demand, company production.
The growth rate of capital spending by global cloud computing poles has been negative since 1902, with growth of nearly 35% in 2001 and nearly 100% in the same year, with a cyclical upward trend in domestic Internet companies, which have been growing upwards for three consecutive quarters, with 2020q1.
The server will usher in a new cycle of growth; at the same time, 5g will accelerate landing, the operator will turn to cloud strategy, the operator ' s server needs will return to warmer in 2020, there will also be an incremental need for peripheral servers, and the wave is expected to benefit fully as a leader in the industry.
Upstream intel server cpu has experienced a rapid increase in revenue, releasing mail numbers with increased server demand.
Intel accounts for 95 per cent of the market share of the x86 chip, so the Intel Data Center Group can generate total market value/flow (million dollars) as a forward-looking indicator of server industry demand, with a growth rate of 43 per cent in 2020q1 over the same year.
More than expected, reflecting the active readiness of the downstream server vendor, the wave symmetrically increased inventory in the first quarter of 2020, releasing positive signals.
A unique pattern of upstream chips is expected to break, and the company’s ability to negotiate is expected to lead to a significant increase in the company’s readiness. The server is now predominantly X86 architecture, and the value ratio of the amdx86 processor is gradually outpaced.
--2020/04/30 intel, where competition between the two has increased, where concessions have emerged, and in the medium and long term, where wave information (00977), Corporate Performance Matches
The arm architecture is rising, chip suppliers are becoming more selective, companies can negotiate, and it is expected that industry demand is on the rise, obtaining better purchasing discounts, and raising Maori.
With greater potential demand and a higher Māori rate, the level of corporate Māori aggregates could be increased further.
There are uncertainties in the growth of the company's overseas market, and there are uncertainties in the growth of the company's overseas market.
Downstream inputs have continued to grow, and server demand has increased in tandem with a new upward cycle of capital spending by global Internet companies. Global Internet capital spending is characterized by cyclicality, with a general cycle of 3-5, 2012-2014 and 2016-2018 as high capital spending, with 2019q1 capital spending rising rapidly.
In the case of Maazon, the head of the industry, capital spending has increased by nearly 100%, and is expected to start a new upward cycle. With the capital spending of domestic Internet companies, a negative shift has begun from 2019q3 to 2019q4 capital spending, which has increased by 290% on the same scale, reaching a peak of 16.9 billion yuan; and Ali’s capital spending has declined, with Ali’s announcement of the future on 20 April 2020.
Over three years, $200 billion has been invested in technology development for cloud operating systems, servers, chips, networks, etc., and future-oriented data centres, while the combined capital expenditure of the Ali Group for 2017-2019 amounts to $11,5.8 billion, with an investment of $200 billion leading to a greater degree in corporate data centre construction and server demand.
Internet companies’ capital expenditures have increased and demand for upstream servers has increased in tandem. Internet companies account for an absolute share of downstream customers in the server industry, and cloud computing has been a major driver of income growth for Internet producers in recent years, while Internet companies’ capital spending has been mainly for investment in cloud infrastructure, including the demand for servers, thus opening a new round of growth in Internet producers’ capital spending.
Upstream server requirements will follow. From the data centre investment and construction data, multiple data centres in Ali, including Shenzhen, Jiang Sonam Tung, Inner Mongolia and Ulaanbaatar, will have 300,000 servers, with a combined capacity of 900,000 servers, starting at the end of 2019.
The dcmap advisory body conducted research on more than 80 data centres around Beijing. By the end of March 2020, the number of teleport cabinets in the area around Beijing had reached 17.35 million, 325.5 million were under construction, 276.2 million were planned, the volume of construction and planning was high, and the construction of the co-operative data ports at the Arri data centre and the Ophei data at the end of 19 was huge, with five times the speed of construction and five times the rate of increase, respectively.
2.5 times, according to the data port announcement, Ali proposed to expand the data centre at the end of 2019, involving $2.44 billion in operating contracts, domestic data, higher share of wave income from Internet companies, including Ali, Tenteng, Kyundong and 100 degrees, and with the rapid growth of Internet server demand in 2020, corporate income from Internet customers will grow rapidly and the overall income size will be higher.
5g supermixed with new infrastructure, the market demand of the operator and the volume of the company ' s revenue from the operator increased. 5g accelerated construction, the concept of supermixed new infrastructure, accelerated construction of the operator ' s cloud data centre, and warmer server requirements. In early 2020, China moved and China Telecom opened a tender for server collection, with 138,000 servers (half-year fulfilment period) and 56,000 servers planned for purchase, respectively, compared to 2019.
Annual warming, with conservative assumptions about movement, connectivity and telecommunications totalling 200,000, 30,000 and 56,000, respectively, in 2020, based on the winning share of the 2018 wave, the demand for the 2020 wave operators is expected to reach 45,000 and the level of revenue from the operator ' s market is expected to reach 2,475 million.
By 2022, 30 per cent of businesses would have spent twice as much on marginal computing and marginal data centre in a core data centre facility. June 2017, to create deep customization, open standards, harmonized server techniques for telecommunications applications in the operator industry.
On the basis of this standard, on February 25th, 2019, the tide-eating edge calculation server, 5260m5, specially designed for 5g, could cover 5g application sites such as object networking, mec and nfv.
The winning bid was China’s first mobile remote server purchase, the winning bid for 80,000 ne 5260 m5, the product’s capacity was recognized, and the successor operator expected large-scale purchases of the marginal servers, which could result in a significant increase in the company’s revenues. Upstream suppliers’ revenues increased significantly, and companies actively prepared their goods.
Upstream intel chip revenue can be used as a forward-looking indicator for server delivery. The current server mainstream structure is still dominated by x86, with servers accounting for nearly 90%, and its upstream X86 processor market is almost monopolized by intel, with an intel market share of up to 95%. Back to the analysis of global server sales revenue and the intel data centre group (dcg) revenue, it was found that there is a significant linear regression.
Yes (α = 27, beta = 3.08), which shows a significant positive correlation by comparing the rate of increase.Intel increased 43% in the first quarter of the year, exceeding expectations by 53% in the first quarter of the year 2020, with cloud service providers showing a 25% increase in data centre revenue guidance given by the company in the second quarter of the year 2020 and maintaining faster growth expectations, indicating that downstream server manufacturers are actively preparing for service.
The company was actively preparing its stock in the first quarter of 2020, amounting to nearly $12.5 billion, a 78 per cent increase in the same year, a 46 per cent increase in the ring, and a faster increase in the number of servers delivered in the second quarter.
Area x86: amd has increased strength, intel has been reduced, and the company’s profit elasticity has been released, and the amd processor has become more competitive. In August 2019, amd released x86 processor epycrome, using the 7nm process, which provides up to 64 kernels and 128 threads, supports pcle 4.0 and has a robust computing effect, compared to a generation of naples.
The same energy-consuming performance has doubled, with an energy-consuming advantage (up to 240w tdp) compared to the 14nm process in Intel, higher clock frequency, greater cache, and very high price advantage, compared to the amd 's rome series and the intel ' s to the top series, better at cloud platforms and virtualization, float performance, java and high performance calculations, and on cinebenchr15, the same frequency.
The subamd's single-kernel score exceeded the intel in 2019. Amd received more support from the manufacturer, and the city's share increased. With the increase in the power of the amd product, the company has more than 60 ecological partners, including original design suppliers, such as technastics and qct, independent hardware suppliers, such as Botón, Light, Cyrus, and so on.
Upon the support of Microsoft and various linux operating system providers, mainstream cloud computing firms announced their support for the amdepycrome modifier and the introduction of small batches, and the company’s presence in the server sector increased to 4.5% in 19q4. rmd 2 generation of epyc (1)google deployed the rome series to the environment at the internal infrastructure production data centre, and the cloud computing engine also supported the rome system.
(2) Microsoft, based on the Rome series, provides previews with a completely new azure virtual machine that provides cloud-based remote desktops and high-performance limit previews to calculate the load of work; (3) wishes to announce a completely new solution using all the add-on features of the ROME series to launch the ROME series
(d) vmwarevsphere will support the security and other features of the rome series.
The price of the intelx86 processor is down, the price of the chip is lower for the downstream server vendor, and the company’s Maori elastic space is expected to increase. Competition from the amd should be increased. Intel launched a second-generation-to-strong series in April 2019, with prices constant with more kernels, and the price of the pyc7742 unit of the thread is less than $7,000, with a large price gap that can be expected as competition increases.
Further downwards in prices and lower end-of-end costs for company-beneficial raw materials, Māori rates are expected to rise. Arm architecture is rising, and chips can be selectively increased to enhance company bargaining power (=)
In the medium term, the market for servers based on a non-x86 structure has risen. The non-x86 architecture processor currently consists mainly of arm architecture and architecture such as rsc-v, which is moving to a higher profile and gradually expands to the market for pc and servers. In the medium term, as the arm architecture is increasing and the bottlenecks of the x86 architecture are increasing its own performance, the server for the arm architecture is expected to be able to do so.
One, the arm structure can be significantly enhanced by the current server chip capabilities based on the arm architecture, such as a64fx in Foustton, a thunderx2 in cavium, and a 920 Chinese thunderx, which are already competitive. Arm issued a neoverse structure for servers in 2018.
In 2019, a new n1 architecture based on the 7nm process was introduced in Amazonia, where the graviton processor was launched, and on 4 December 2019, the Amazon launched Graviton 2, a seven-fold increase in performance over the first generation, with a two-fold increase in float-point performance and a five-fold increase in storage speed, as indicated by aws, with a four-fold increase in the value of graviton 2, compared to the X86 calculated volume of products of the same type, and a 40 per cent increase in value for money.
2. The upgrading cycle of the x86 architecture and the cost escalation of the x86 architecture rely on an increase in the command set, on the one hand, and the upgrading of the manufacturing process, on the other.
The cost of process-upgrading performance will increase dramatically, and the renovation cycle will increase, and the size of the arm core will be smaller to allow for a significant increase in performance by increasing the number of nuclears, thus overcoming the limitations of process-upgrading performance. Low power consumption, low heat and low cost are the greatest advantages of the arm architecture, which is suitable for some of the ant scenes, such as storage, big data, web
Hosting, hpc, and so on, a number of cloud companies are currently trying to access the arm server, and the home country’s arm-based self-research chip has entered the procurement list of government and operators. In the short term, the x86 structure continues to dominate the market, and the demand for some ultra-high performance calculations has increased, with the arm ecologizing.
Well, in a parallel era of arm and x86, suppliers will be more selective, companies will be better equipped to negotiate upstream, and better discounts will be obtained, and the chip profit space in x86 will be reduced, the cpu structure in the server market will be faced with a new wave of shuffling, the tide of which will become a complete plant and not by itself exclude cooperation with other chip manufacturers.
The suitability of other chip manufacturers, such as Tung, for scale advantages, mature supply chain systems, cost control, fast-tech overlaps and product delivery capabilities, and market-led sheep will also be partners in the partnership of chip manufacturers. 5g, artificial intelligence, changes in demand, and wave-oriented layout yielding dividends
According to idc data, the size of the Chineseai server market in 2019 amounted to $2.33 billion, an increase of 57.9 per cent over the same period, which is twice the rate of global growth, with 5g technologies being commercialized, super-high, high-quality, high-combined computing and storage requirements for cloud platforms, and X86 generic cpu processing platforms already facing certain bottlenecks through the gpu/fpga and even Npu neural networks.
According to our Wave Message: At the top of a new round of industrial growth, released in September 2018, the main shelf of the iservator is now predominantly gpu, but as the iii technology continues, the ichi chip based on fpga, asic, etc. is of interest to the market.
The future of gpu’s monopoly may be changing. More competitors are upstream, and their bargaining power has been raised for server firms with a large number of clients, thus improving the Maori rate.
Under the guidance of the company, based on four levels of active layout, in addition to cutting-edge computing hardware products, there are integrated management packages, optimized depth learning frameworks, and end-to-end industry solutions. The combination of hardware and software products, the solution pushes forward, and the future Māori ratio improvement of the company will be positive.
However, the company’s winning bid for China’s mobile 2020ai server was purchased, with a winning bid of 600 aai servers nf5468m5 for more than 200 million yuan, supplying 90% of the ai servers for Ali, tseng, and 100%.
The strongest array of ai computing products, including gpu, fpga, etc., contains in-depth learning training cluster management software
nf5288m5(agx-2) gx4 teye
sr-alrack f10afpga frame optimization
Comprises application scenario advice and system program design, application code transplant optimization, calculation of accelerated widgets, optimal encapsulation for mainstream depth learning framework
An end-to-end solution Company owns the strongest and most complete array of ai server products in the industry, including a single machine with a maximum computing capacity of 20 billion times a second, ai computing host agx-5, supports the nvlink 2.0 technology, effectively improves the efficiency of p2p in gpu node, reduces system delays,
The highest calculated density of ai server agx-2, the best tradeformer training server nf5488m5 and so forth, and the highest market share of the wave of ai server in 2017-2019, at more than 50 per cent.
Figure 17: Nvlink upgpu efficiency others, dawn,
Pod, wave, wave as industry leader, can be proactive in technology research and development and product design, and get a market first when the market is smaller.
Accepting and binding customers can enjoy high-profit space at a high price on the one server, increasing the pricing rights of downstream customers when the market is large enough, and companies can improve their performance through large-scale spending.
R & D, production and marketing, with a new investment cycle for Internet producers, rapid growth in the size of the data centres under construction and planning, leading to a boom in the server industry, with companies leading the industry, with business revenues continuing to grow, and we expect companies to grow at a rate of about 28%, 18%, and 15% over the next three years.
Assumption 2 (Māori rate): company size effects are gaining prominence, marginal output is increasing, and as upstream competition assumes (cost rate): as scale effects are reflected, there is uncertainty about the speed of growth of the company ' s sales costs as a result of the revenue of the i server products in 2020-2022, the speed of diffusion of the stored products, etc.,
There is uncertainty about the expansion of overseas markets.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.