Wave Information (000977), Profit Up, Wave Information is China's leading cloud computing, big data service provider, covering the cloud data centre, cloud company, and China's leading cloud computing, big data service provider.
With high-end servers, big-volume storage, cloud operating systems, big-service data, smart cities, smart businesses, etc., industry groups around the world, creating a leading cloud computing base for clients with information security technologies in multiple countries and regions around the world.
A platform for government and business informatization, based on wave government, business, industry letter 1, corporate core product server revenue and share continued to grow.
In recent years, corporate server revenues and market shares have been increasing.
In 2019, Wave x 86 server cities outperformed 10 per cent, and the third largest global server producer in the top five rankings; Wave x 86 server cities outperformed 34 per cent in the Chinese market; and Waves multi-node servers outnumber both global and sales.
2. Corporate profits are growing faster than income growth, reflecting a certain scale effect. 51.6 billion yuan. Income growth is backed by a concentration of the company’s capacity to produce.
In March 2020, the Standing Committee of the Central Political Office of the Communist Party of China convened a meeting to speed up the 5g network,
The company is expected to benefit from the implementation of the new infrastructure in the future. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: Corporate business income growth has increased steadily over the last three years, and the Māori rate has increased steadily.
The space is wide, and the company is expected to grow steadily in the future, doubling the net profit of the mother from 2020 to 2022, covering it for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Profits rise above expectations and will continue to grow steadily in the future. 1. Wave information is China's leading cloud computing, big data service provider.
1.1 A corporate group with a country-owned background, backed by a big tree, is the leading Chinese cloud computing, big data service provider, covering industrial groups such as cloud data centres, cloud services big data, smart cities, smart businesses, and the provision of ii products and services to a number of countries and regions around the world, meeting the full spectrum of government and business information needs.
With high-end servers, large-volume storage, cloud operating systems, information security technologies, companies build a leading cloud computing infrastructure platform for their clients, based on wave government, business, industry information software, end-products and solutions, supporting intelligent government, corporate cloud, vertical industry, wave information is a subsidiary of the Wave Group, effectively controlling the Sandong People ' s Government ' s State Assets Oversight Management Committee, and the Wave Group Inter-Speech Group
Possessing Wave Software Inc. (the company is listed at the place of submission, with the following: Wave Software, Securities Code: 600756), 61.881,000 shares, with an equity share of 19.09%, and indirectly holding Wave International Ltd. (the company is listed at Hong Kong Union Office, Securities International, Securities Code: 0596) 481.8786 shares, with a 50.58% share in software and information.
The technology services industry, which deals mainly with e-government, cloud computing, the Internet, big data, tobacco, and other industries. E-government is the core business of wave software, and it is an important anchor for companies to forge intelligent government.
Waves and Clouds Services and Information Technology Ltd., a leading national cloud computing, big data service provider, has passed a number of national security certifications, such as web-based security clearances, cloud risk management, to meet stringent security compliance needs and has a core, autonomous and controlled technology covering service providers, cloud platforms, operating systems, and databases, big data services, which can be used by government and business clients.
It is also widely recognized by users that, in addition to the first batch of central state agencies, the 2018 cloud, the central procurement of computing services, the winning National Platform for Governmental Services, and the project to purchase engineering cloud platforms, it is currently providing cloud computing services to more than 150 provincial and municipal governments and 740,000 businesses across the country, leading the market in China for four consecutive years.
The big-scale business camp of the exhibition platform, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the wave of information (000977), where profits rise beyond expectations and will continue to grow steadily in the future.
1.2 Domestic lead on corporate core product servers, in recent years, innovative Internet economies such as e-commerce, mobile socialization, Internet finance, etc. have developed at a rapid pace, behind which cloud computing, big data, mobile Internet, and other new generation innovative IT applications run on cloud servers. Cloud servers, and so on.
The multi-node server is an innovative and rapidly evolving server shape that has emerged only after the change in cloud computing, designed and optimized in cloud computing and large cloud data deployment requirements, integrated computing, storage, network, etc. functional units, deployment density, energy efficiency, return on investment, etc. are several times higher than traditional servers.
Figure 2: The company’s core product, a cloud server, is moving to a social age where cloud computing applications are growing explosively, triggering many cloud data centres. Cloud data centres generate cloud servers, while cloud applications in different forms, such as electricity and socialization, continue to stimulate Internet companies’ purchases and provide a strong and continuous impetus to the industry.
According to idc data, global server market operating income reached $22,528.7 million in the second quarter of 2018, or 43.7 per cent more than in the fourth consecutive quarter of the year, a high rate of double-digit growth in server market operating income.
The world’s top three providers are Delgyan, Hewlett-Packard, and Wave Information. The Wave Information Report, 2018, increased by 110.49% in the first half of 2018, mainly as a result of the growth of servers and components.
Server markets were over 10%, third in the world, the highest-growing server in the top five rankings of the world; in the Chinese market, wave X86 servers were over 34%; and wave nodes servers were the number one source of global output and sales. According to idc, in the non-x86 server market in China, the share of wave markets has been maintained at more than 50%, and the key applications host shuttles are still above 50%.
K1power received major awards such as the Financial Science, Technology, Innovation and Innovation Highlights Award for Development Innovation and the 2019 Critical Business Servers Award; Wave 8 servers were the world’s first in volume and China’s first in 25 consecutive quarters. According to idc data, corporate-ai servers were in China for two years in 2017 and 2018, with an absolute advantage of more than half their market share.
Markets are first; in the first half of the first half of 2019, China continued to be the market leader, maintaining its position as a leader in calculating intelligence. 2. Corporate income and profits are growing steadily.
Wave information (000977), where profits rise beyond expectations and will continue to grow steadily in the future, figure 5: The level of profit margins for wave information, where corporate incomes have increased steadily. From 2016 to 2019, revenues rose from 12.7 billion yuan to 51.6 billion yuan.
From 2016 to 2019, the net return profit rose from 287 million yuan to 929 million yuan. Especially in 2019, the net profit of companies rose more than the income increase, showing that companies already had some scale effects.
3. Companies will continue to grow steadily in the future. 3.1 Companies are expected to benefit from the new infrastructure. The wave is the leading global provider of infrastructure technology, products, programmes and services, covering x86 servers, storage, data.
The library and the ai accelerator, the ai management software, among others, are in a global lead in new applications such as universal servers, ai computing, open computing, and clouds, leading to the development and evolution of innovative applications. The company downstream is mainly in the cloud computing industry, with a high climate, and the future market space and growth is still very high.
The Bureau’s Standing Committee has met to suggest that we should accelerate the development of new infrastructure such as the 5g network, data centres, etc. The company, as the core service provider of cloud services and big data, is expected to benefit from the implementation of the new infrastructure in the future.
3.2 The company’s profit forecast and investment rating The company’s business income has grown steadily over the last three years and the Māori rate has risen steadily. The company’s downstream industry market is wide, and the company is expected to grow steadily in the future, with net profit returns from 2020 to 2022 amounting to 1.390 billion yuan, 1.99 billion yuan and 2.75 billion yuan, respectively.
24 times and 17 times, first covered, “recommended” rating. Source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom, wave information (000977); profit increases are higher than expected and will continue to grow steadily in the future.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, wave information (000977), profits rise beyond expectations and will continue to grow steadily in the future.
Wang Jianhui's research on the creation of values in high-growth areas such as retail, ott, etc.
The research assistant provides an overview of the research opinion of the researcher himself.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.