The first quarter of 2023 was published after the closing of the annual Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) report 2022 and the one-quarter review of 2023.
In terms of products, securities services achieved revenue of $7,857 million, an increase of 2.21 per cent over the same period; financial e-commerce services earned revenue of $4,326 million, a decrease of 14.73 per cent over the same period; and financial data services earned income.
In 2022, the Sky Fund promoted the upgrading of services to effectively enhance the investment experience of users, continuously optimized the product experience and actively explored digital operations; and accelerated functionality rotation around the core trading scene through deep exploration of user needs and reduced use
By the end of 2022, the Sky Fund had a total of 152 fund managers, 15768 funds, non-monetary market funds, 584.5 billion yuan, and equity funds $465.7 billion.
The Division's Internet-based financial e-commerce platform achieved a total of Fund recognition (requirement) for purchase (including investment) transactions. The National Dollar Securities Corporation Study - Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) recorded 244246623 in 2022, with a total of 2013 343 million yuan in sales, of which non-monetary funds were realized.
Three-quarter report points: short-term pressure on business performance, long-term growth trends
Asked about 2.727 million users and 97.32 million non-trading users on an average daily basis. Annual report stocktaking: performance growth in line with expectations, accelerating the transformation of wealth management.
By the end of 2022, Eastern wealth securities had risen further in 31 provinces (autonomous regions, trillion yuan, market shares, and securities-related revenues had increased slightly over the same period.
The army has expanded and extended its wealth management products and services, promoted the internationalization strategy, and the company has made an orderly contribution to the release of the Swiss gdr.
Companies are the scarcer Internet service platforms in the country that provide Internet-based applications to large-scale users. With the continued healthy development of China’s capital markets, companies will grow in the future.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.