The company realized operating income in the first quarter of 2023, net profits after offsetting non-recurring gains and losses amounted to $1,892 million, a decline of 2.79 per cent.
Securities plate: weak market transactions hit brokers, smooth blends, and investment reversals. The market grew 160 per cent in one quarter by shaking corporate investment revenues over the same period, owing to a double blow to self-employment and earnings levels, and to corporate trading financial assets, mainly bonds and funds, with a 9.6 per cent increase in the same quarter, mainly due to increased bond investment.
At the same time, narrow credit spreads (bonds) and growth-themed opportunities (equity) drive the level of self-employment earnings. Fund sales: holdings are strong, and residents are expected to improve risk preferences to boost the distribution of Fund products.
The value of the non-monetary market fund was $46,57 billion; the size of the non-monetary market fund was $58,45 billion, with second-tier banks and ant wealth ranked third in the industry. The sky fund platform maintained the advantage of the moat, and the fund's sales of tailings was stable. The share of funds dropped by 9% in the first quarter of the year and 30% in the ring.
Deposits are still on the rise, and subsequent risk preferences facilitate the transfer of residential deposits to fund allocations. Managing wealth at both ends of wealth sales and increasing investment in R & D. Wealth management is one of the things that can be used for chhatgpt, and long-term data are scarcer than arithmetic.
This represents an increase of 7.42%, and several artificial intelligence-related projects have been developed, such as the Intelligent Production Platform, the Multimedia Smart Information and Interactive Platform System of Eastern Financial Data.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Reverse growth in securities operations, continuation of platform advantage - Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Reverse growth in securities revenues, fund niches, large Internet service platforms and technology R & D risks.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Strong Performance Growth, Strong Branding - Investment Proposal: As a stock of scarce Internet coupons, companies compete for unique races, cost and flow advantages are obvious, and good wealth management rings are constructed. We predict a net profit for 2023-2025.
Long, cyclically reflected in the performance of the portfolio and the sale of wealth products, and as market confidence recovers, the migration of residential deposits to the fund will become a performance driver; growth, in addition to high Internet traffic, penetration, and the recent involvement of high-research sub-ai technologies in the marketing of wealth products, we are the commons.
The Division maintains a “buy-in” rating.
As market confidence recovers, the migration of residential deposits to the Fund will be a performance driver; growth, in addition to high penetration rates of Internet business flows, and more recently, the involvement of low-technology development in the marketing of wealth products, we maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them