The company issued a quarterly report in 2023, and 2023q1 collected $2.810 billion, compared to Wang Qing Dynasty.
:: Securities operations: revenue on a year-on-year basis +3.7 per cent, brokers, better market participation rates, larger self-employed businesses \triangleright inverted performance. In the first quarter of 2023, the corporate securities business achieved a revenue of 2,223 million
\triangleright stock-based transactions amounting to 58.51 trillion.s a year-on-seven.6% of the city, based on the Tibetan stock-based trading market, which is expected to account for 3.90% in the first quarter of Eastern wealth.
Financial assets continue to grow in size, contributing to the growth of self-employment returns. 2023q1, Company trading, profit forecasting and investment rating: we believe that future aigc applications or will catalyse the upgrading of the company's ability to operate and produce, and that companies will be rich in technology in the future, and that companies will be able to make a difference.
In the annual report, it has been revealed that a project has been completed for the analysis of the accounts of the Sky Fund, the financial data on Eastern wealth, and the development of an intelligent production platform.
In addition, we believe that companies will use self-employment, double-entry, etc. to accelerate their growth and performance. We expect 2023-2025e to return to the net profit of Sinda Securities, Inc., respectively.
Risk factors: aigc application is less than expected, stock market fluctuations result in self-employment.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Securities Research and Development Centre, which was responsible for Sunda Securities Research and Development, and was responsible for Siouxhu, Master ' s degree in economics, Shandong University, Master ' s degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-monetary financial research experience.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.