At the beginning of the 23rd year, the new Chongqing City Council confirmed that the company had benefited from the economic growth rate at Chongqing on 25 March 2024.
According to the policy, the main economic indicators in the 23rd year are growing faster than the national average, and the local economic development potential is high.
Without it, the company is expected to capture the regional economic dividend and achieve a steady expansion in the size of its assets. History’s bad accounts are cleared, and profit repression has subsided.
At this stage, poor stock levels are largely cleared, and additional weaknesses in the context of regionalized debt are relatively manageable, with a low rate of negative net generation, a reduced need for a significant provision and a release of profits.
The cost of credit for 23H1 farmers' comptoirs has fallen to 0.42 per cent, down 1.61 pct from 21 years old. 49 per cent of interest-bearing assets are among the lowest on the list.
Lower levels are found in listed banks. At the end of the line of liability: the higher share of county deposits brings stable, low-performing deposits. The second is that term deposits account for 49 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities, are at a higher level in the listing line and are expected to have a more cost-saving effect when the interest rate on the deposit is lowered.
The regional strategy is accompanied by an inclusive financial advantage, with credit investments in hand. \triangleright, high investment demand, significant investment acceleration over the past 23 years, and the expectation that the company will be able to take advantage of these opportunities.
In the case of inclusive business, the company is based on its own net advantage, its power is sunk in the market, its market value is equal to that of small loans, and the city is still at the top of Chongqing, and its prices are higher than those of the city’s major comptoirs.
In the last three years, the share of red has stabilized at a high of 30%, with investment proposals: stock risk clean-up, regional growth acceleration, the establishment of a business firm at Chongqing, and the creation of a “new Chongqing” and economic circles with great potential.
\Trangleright \Trangleright
Based on Chongqing, Zagen County, the largest corporate bank in the country, the 1.1 agro-USS, which brings together the local elite, has a long history and the country’s first a+h share is on the market for farmers’ comptoirs.
In 2003, Chongqing became one of the first pilot provinces and cities in the country to reform the country ' s agro-USS, and led to the consolidation of more than 700 townships of grass-roots non-governmental organizations into 39 district associations. In 2008, the company was formed on the basis of 39 Associated Farmers ' Associations and Wulong Farmers ' Unions in Chongqing, the country ' s third provincial rural business.
Since then, the company has been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Board in 2010 and 2019, the first listed agricultural comptoir in the country and the first listed bank in the west.
At the end of 23 q3, the company owned 1.45 trillion yuan, and the stock size was the highest on the market, and the local corporate bank ran Chongqing silver.
As a local financial institution that is important in Chongqing, companies actively serve local financial needs, and in recent years the size of assets has been growing steadily.
At the end of 23h1, the company had 1,754 points, of which 1,752 were located in Chongqing, covering all the districts in Chongqing. At the site, the company has more than 80% of the local area network. In recent years, the county area has held loans to the company.
At the end of 23h1, the stock of savings and loans in the county area accounted for 72% of total loans and 50% of total loans. Horizontally, as of 18 March 2024, the number of points in Chongqing was higher than the number of points in Chongqing at the State-owned Chongqing branch and the local major city comptoirs, with local coverage.
Figure 4: The number of sites in Chongqing is vs comparable to the number of practitioners in Chongqing City. Figure 5: Structure of the distribution of points at the end of 23h1 in the rural sector, in the north, in the north, in the south and in the south of the country, in the districts other than the main city, is the same.
18 March 2024 Figure 6: Portfolio structure of the agricultural comptoirs - Sub-regions Figure 7: Loan structure of the agricultural comptoirs - Sub-regions
1.2 The majority of the shareholders are in a country-owned setting, and management is strategically determined. The top 10 shareholders have a higher shareholding ratio, which facilitates the bank’s assumption of local project needs.
The Chongqing State Finance Board holds 17% of the company’s shares, including 9% through Chongqing Development Investment and Chongqing Development Management.
At the end of 23h1, the company held a total of 12 outlying village and town banks, and the company was able to expand its operations from Chongqing City to Jiangsu, Sichuan, Yunnan, Fujian and Guangxi Provinces. Moreover, the company's licence plate is rich in resources and is the only owner of the company.
At the end of 23h1, the company owned by the company was a financial subsidiary, a financial leasing company, and was part of Chongqing's company for the consumption of rice. The management had long, deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep.
At Chongqing Bank and the Chongqing branch of the State-owned or equity company, the local market is well understood, and it is beneficial for the silver bank to make strategic decisions, depending on the local context. The senior management team as a whole is young, with its chairman promoted internally, and it is also conducive to the steady pace of the strategy, with Mr. Xie Wenhui, the current chairman of the company, since 2014, serving as head of the company.
Longer-term leadership experience within the company. 1.3 Rapid regional development: new teams, new Chongqing, new weather, new ideas for development, first year.
As a result of the new rotation, the new leadership, in its 2023 report on the work of the government, introduced the theme “The new era, the new journey, the new Chongqing” as a theme for the future development of Chongqing City, with the following five-year focus on the six significant upgrades.
The Chongqing economy is expected to continue at a higher rate than the national average. In the medium and long term, Chongqing has set a target of 4 trillion yuan by 2027.
In the short term, Gdp’s expected growth target for 2024 is set at 10 jobs per year, with a clear focus on economic development.
In the context of regional economic shocks and defaults by major shareholders, bad pressure has been placed on them.
1. In 2013 - 2017, the two pillars of the Chongqing city electronic information and motor vehicle were flourishing, with the poor rate of agricultural comptoirs remaining below 1 per cent. (2) In 2018, the two pillars of Chongqing were close to saturation, with local economic shocks and manufacturing.
In 2019, loan defaults occurred in pro-cyclical industries such as industry, lot zero, construction, etc.) The largest single borrower in the year, with loans reaching 1.25 per cent in total and loans to companies, caused by the inability of major shareholders to recover their arrears, etc.)
After three years of accelerated liquidation, the stock of poor assets in the stock of the farmers’ comptoirs has been largely written off, and the risk industry has recovered to a low level. In 20-22, the company has significantly increased its write-off efforts, which have been a bad asset for the Yongguan.
Active disposal was also carried out by means of rollovers, calculation of impairments, etc., resulting in a significant increase in write-offs and transfers over the three-year period.At the end of 23h1, poor manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade and construction rates were 0.99, 4.23 and 1.19 per cent, respectively. This was a marked decrease from the 20-year high point and the write-off of poor assets was completed.
Since 20 years, the company has significantly increased the rate of write-offs, which has dropped from year to year, to 1.2% at the end of 23q3, but there is still a gap between the company and the company. The company’s assets are relatively good compared to the major banks in the city.
At the end of 23h1, the estate development loan was only 0.5% of the total loan, and the quality of the asset was more controlled by real estate risks.
Thirty-three% of loans went to rental business services, water utilities, and manufacturing, all of which had a poor rate of about 1%, providing a better basis for the overall asset quality of the company. Looking ahead, the firm has room to optimize the default rate for public and private loans.
The city, Chongqing, will provide a strong boost to the local platform’s debt risk relief to facilitate the quality of local banks’ assets. In recent years, there has been an increase in the default rate of individual loans by farmers’ comptoirs, mainly in the case of individual operating loans, and the quality of the assets will stabilize as the income of individual business owners recovers.
On the one hand, poor stock levels are largely cleared, and additional deficiencies in the context of regionalized debt are relatively manageable, and negative net yields can be kept at a low level, with low follow-up pressure on the provision. On the other hand, there is a relatively high level of provision.
It is expected that the following farmers’ comptoirs will be less prepared for impairments, that credit costs will be saved and that there will be room for profit. 2.2 Net interest differentials will be found in the middle of the industry, that both ends will have optimal potential, that net interest differentials will be found in the middle of the industry, that assets will perform fairly at the end, and that the cost of indebtedness will be higher.
The net balance of interest of the comptoir is 1.77 per cent, and is in the middle of the list. At both ends of the scale, the positive advantage is evident, with the end-of-year interest-bearing liability at 2.05 per cent, the lowest rate for listed comptoirs; and the asset-bearing asset yield is 3.75 per cent, while the net difference is higher than that of the porcelain comptoirs, Jiangsu, Zhang Jia Hong, and the young farmers.
Loans from farmers’ comptoirs account for less than 4% of interest-bearing assets and are highly structured. Loans from farmers’ comptoirs at the end of 23h1 account for 49% of interest-bearing assets, the lowest in the listed comptoirs, and are a drag on the company’s rate of return on interest-producing assets.
The successor farmers’ comptoirs are expected to promote an increasing share of interest-bearing assets and a structural improvement in asset-end yields by accelerating investment in infrastructure and inclusive micro-credit. In terms of asset-end shocks, farmers’ comptoirs are under relatively small pressure, and mortgage rates are reduced.
Chongqing is the country’s 12 priority debt-diversion provinces and cities, where markets may be more concerned about the impact of the debt-diversion on the asset-end earnings of farmers’ comptoirs, and where four loans to the public sector + corporate debt + unmarked assets are used as exposures, local assets in the open may face a drop in the rate of return.
Merchantized debt involves exposure to 20% of interest-bearing assets and a fall of 24/42 in the ranking of listed banks. Moreover, mortgage lending at the end of 23H1 accounts for 7% of interest-bearing assets, and is ranked 27/42 in the ranking of listed banks, and the expected impact of lower stock mortgage rates on corporate asset yields is relatively manageable.
Production and supply sector loans + transport, warehousing and postal sector loans + corporate debt + non-target assets Deep-cultivated county areas, where savings cost advantages are highlighted.
The average cost rate has been declining, but the rate of increase in deposits has remained stable, with the average cost of savings at the end of 23h1 being 1.91%, the lowest on the list. In addition, other interest-bearing liabilities at the end of 23h1 have had a certain cost advantage, with the average cost of debt at the end of 23h1 being 2.52%, just higher than the average cost at the end of 23h1 being 2.52%.
The ratio of term deposits is higher, benefiting more from the increase in the interest rate on deposit. In 22 years, the interest rate on bank deposits has been reduced four times, with interest rates on term deposits falling more frequently and more significantly than current rates.
The savings on the cost of the liability are expected to be better off with the increase in the listed interest rate. 2.3 Repressive factors are weaker and roe is entering the improved path.
Net interest income and impairment losses are the main factors that have delayed the performance of the agricultural comptoirs in recent years. In 2020, there was a marked decline in the firm’s work, taking into account two factors: 1) increased readiness for impairment, mainly to write off the negative legacy of previous regional economic shocks and major shareholder defaults; 2) net interest income
Over the past 22 years, the negative contribution of impairment losses to the agricultural sector has been decreasing. This is mainly due to three years of accelerated write-off, which has led to a basic clean-up of poor stocks, a reduction in the pressure on the provision, and a downward trend in impairment losses.
After that, the net interest income of the firm is expected to rise. First, the interest differentials are expected to be stable, the liabilities are high, the county deposits are high, the cost advantages are strong, and the effect of the subsequent downturn in the interest rate on the deposit will continue to be felt, assets will continue to show.
At the end of the spectrum, the ratio of loans is low, there is much room for structural optimization, and in recent years there has been a steady increase in the ratio of assets to loans from farmers' comptoirs. Second, the growth of credit flows has been driven by regional strategies such as the construction of the bi-city economic circle, with a strong demand for capital and industrial investment, and loans in the corresponding areas are expected to grow faster.
Figure 30: Growth of net interest differentials in the agricultural sector 3 loan delivery is expected to accelerate, with an increase in revenue from 3.1 per cent of the economy, and capital investment continues to increase.
One is the long-term planning cycle, as set out in the Plan for the Construction of the Bi-City Economic Circle in the Chengjing Region, which is expected to lead to a significant increase in economic power, dynamism, and international influence in the Chengjing region by 2025, and to the creation of a strong and distinctive bi-cities by 2035.
Second, the need for investment is high, major projects in the economic sphere are expanding, and total funding needs are increasing. As of 2024, the total planned investment in major projects is 3.6 trillion yuan, while the actual investment in 2020-2023 amounts to about 0.9 trillion yuan, and the follow-up funding needs are expected to be strong.
Over the past 23 years, the pace of investment in the construction of the integrated economy has increased considerably. In 23 years, major projects in the integrated economy have actually completed investment of 41.8 billion yuan, and in 24 years they are planned to complete investment of 42.21 billion yuan, which has increased significantly over the previous years.
Loans have picked up at a remarkable pace, with sustained growth in the growth of the productive economy, and the local economic growth has gained momentum, which is expected to provide better support for lending by farmers’ comptoirs. The stock of capital and industrial projects in the region is abundant, and the firm’s focus on public business is on the direction from which it should focus.
According to the list of major projects in the bi-city economic circle of the built-up area in 2023, the total investment in infrastructure network projects and modern industry projects is 91% of the total investment in priority projects. In recent years, the company has invested in public loans mainly in infrastructure (water + storage + electricity supply), leasing commercial services and manufacturing.
Three lines of credit have stabilized at more than 70% of public loans to the company. The experience of the project has also helped the firm to absorb local project financing needs.
Granted $10.84 billion and loan balance $21.7 billion. In the first half of the 23rd year, a further $28.7 billion was added to the balance of public loans, with a combined contribution of 93 per cent in three areas.
Table 8: Selected infrastructure construction projects in which farmers are involved. 3.2 Retail transitions are steadily moving forward, inclusive financial advantages are firmly entrenched. Retail strategies are determined, effective and business contributions are increasing.
In response to the proposal to “build the best retail bank in the country”, the 2019 annual report then identified “retail establishment, industry, talent enforcement, with large retail business as core competitiveness” as the Bank-wide development strategy, and the 2021 annual report proposed “three new retail thinking” and “five new retail strategy”, further developed for the Bank-wide retail business.
The share of individual bank operations in the collection of farmers ' comptoirs has increased from year to year, reaching 44% at the end of 23h1.
The "three-way" new retail thinking from the "product" of a simple supply of financial goods and services from the "bank client" to the "banker"
“Traditional hall services” have changed to “omo integration” marketing to full information, full access, full-time clients.”
Change to enable multi-channel access, service, whole-product “customer butler” transformation to build customer value-added equity systems
"Five Hearts" new retail strategy.
Focus on high-level clients, sublime technology empowerment, digital products, processes and management
Models of rural revitalization, scenario marketing, re-engineering of the customer business system.
As the “retail establishment” strategy continues, the size of the retail loans from the stockbreeding comptoirs has been rising year by year, as has the proportion of total loans from the stockbreeding industry, which has a more balanced lending structure. At the end of 23q3, the stockbreeders account for 43% of the total loans and are in the forefront of the listed comptoirs.
At this stage, individual loans are the main driving force behind the growth of individual loans from farmers’ comptoirs. In 2021, individual loans from farmers’ comptoirs have been structured in a more balanced manner, resulting in a tight housing credit environment and weak consumer demand.
In addition, the company, as a major local bank with roots in Chongqing, has a large local network and is spread over the county area, with a pre-existing advantage in developing inclusive businesses, individual operations, a steady increase in lending, and some support for the growth of individual loans.
The rate of increase was 7.9 per cent, up from 22 years ago.
With $125.2 billion in size, the city’s banking institutions are at the top of the list, mainly because the company, based on its own network advantage, is focused on sunk markets, and although the average number of inclusive micro-lending households is small, the number of service providers is significantly higher than the number of bankers in the city. At the same time, the downswing also opened up space for pricing, with the average number of low-lending micro-lending by the company’s comptoirs in 2022.
In recent years, Chongqing City has continued its work on the development of the Port of Micro-Finance for All, with the main layout of the Bay being in the streets, business circles, parks, and other areas near the market.
A small “last kilometre” has been built at the end of 23h1 by the Farm Bank, which is located at the top of the city's banking institutions, to help companies to further exploit market demand. 3.3 Card operations or to further stimulate the potential of China's harvest.
At the end of 23q3, in terms of the size and share of the harvest, the middle-level business of the firm was second only to the middle-level business of the firm. On a dynamic note, the stock market fell in 21-22 years, mainly as a result of the fall in the return on the investment market.
Figure 43: Revenues from inter-banking and inter-banking businesses listed at the end of 23q3 increased faster than receipts from bank cards and agency businesses, which have become the main contributors to the business.
Good catch-up. Agricultural comptoirs realize 1.2 billion yuan in fees and commissions, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same period, with agents earning $400 million, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period, bank card charges earning $300 million, an increase over the same period. Businesses continue to be strengthened, and bank card fees are expected to increase at a higher rate. On the one hand, farmers are expected to grow at a higher rate.
A sustainable expansion of the “pay-as-you-go” business, through the integration of billing services into the business, is paid for by the comptoir. On the other hand, it constantly improves its brand of “stay-in-life” and works with restaurants, car purchases, and home-loaders to get into the business from the consumer scene, prompts a faster increase in the volume of business transactions and locks in companies’ banks.
The rate of income growth supports this.
The speed price is down to 9.8%.
• The coupon is paid for in two-dimensional yards by the Chongqing Farmers' comptoir at the front door shop, or when the order is paid on the business line. • Use the coupon to purchase goods or services and not to support refunds on the line for the time being.
In case of doubt, consult with the merchants.4 Low valuations of high dividends, high investment security pb at this stage may be understated.
Pb(lf) is only 0.44 times higher, ranking 10/10 in listed farmers’ comptoirs, 7/10 in the first three quarters of the year 23rd year in listed farmers’ comptoirs, and, from the point of view of pb matching Roe, there is still a lower valuation of the pb and a higher share of cash, resulting in a bright dividends ratio.
On the 22nd round, the company received 6.51 per cent of its dividends, ranking it at 1/10 in the agricultural comptoirs, with 5.1 profit projection assumptions split from business 1, scale increases: the firm benefits from the regional economy as a large local banking institution for the rejuvenation of deep farming.
Growth is faster, credit is stronger, and asset expansion is stronger. We expect loans to grow at a higher rate in 23-25 years, 2 net interest differentials: there is still downward pressure on the asset end, but cost optimization of the end end of the liability continues to create a net interest gap 3 - non-interest income: middle business in the agricultural comptoir is in the lead in the comptoirs and companies will continue in the future
Continuing to tap into the potential of the bank card business, while actively expanding the alternative business, is expected to support non-interest income.4 The quality of assets: the historical burden on the stock market is largely cleared, the current credit focus is low, benefiting from regionalized debt, and subsequent asset quality indicators for the company are expected to continue to improve.
Among the listed banks, we have chosen the same farmers’ comptoirs as those in the central and western regions as Chengdu Bank, Chongqing Bank, Chongqing City’s Internet site, and also the larger reserve bank as a comparable company. The company is based in Chongqing, where the strategy of building the “New Chongqing” and forming the economic circle has great potential in the region.
Large, to give companies high growth, high dividends give them a high level of security; two-end structural excellence to support companies; follow-up interest spread performance or over-expected; poor stock clean-up, new bad controls, low credit costs, 1) exposure to regional credit risk: if credit risk is exposed faster in a given industry or area, it may be possible for banks
The quality of assets has an impact, which in turn has an impact on the rate of profit growth.2 Macroeconomic fluctuations are over-expected: the external environment and domestic demand have affected the pace of economic growth with some downward pressure, the demand for credit from residents and businesses has weakened and the expansion of the sector has slowed.
3) The transition is not as fast as expected: due to changes in economic development, changes in customer demand, etc., the Bank's transition methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for the content and views of the report. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval, influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.