High stocks in South Africa affect the delivery of goods, profit phase pressure, and 23q3 high stocks in South Africa affect household storage on 29 October 2023, and q4 is expected to resume growth.
\triangleright \triangleright, and the surge in demand for household storage capacity, has led to high corporate income and net gains of 23h1. But, with the impact of the warm winter, domestic electricity such as air conditioners in South Africa has been underutilized and the volume of goods delivered by distributors in the first half of the year has led to a high rate of growth in South Africa.
Since July, the higher stock of channels has affected the storage of goods by q3 households, resulting in 23q3 earnings and earnings for the company. As South African pipeline stocks continue to deconstruct, 23q4 is expected to return to growth, generating corporate revenues and Dun Yongkang.
In July 23, the company was hit by the German micro-reverse certification problem, which has had a negative impact on the company’s micro-reverse business in the short term.
The certification of the outer relay programme was completed in early August 23, with the approval of the relevant German authorities, and the introduction of new microreverse products to markets such as Germany, followed by the prospect of microreversible operations in European regions such as Germany
The company focuses on the development of storage products, and is looking for them.
S01052305004 Keep the original product up-to-date while keeping up with the changes in market demand and the storage of new products.
The research assistant Lin Fukugi expands into dozens of kw, hundreds of kw. The company's energy battery product is integrated with the depth of the storage reversible, and the package is rolled out (s01012206013).
With low-pressure household storage, high-pressure household storage, high-pressure industrial storage, light storage, etc., the market is opened quickly, depending on the distribution channel of the Reverse Responsive Power transformer, with the prospect of rapid release.
3. German shares (605117.sh) 2022 semi-annual review: retrograders are on the rise, looking for follow-up storage and micro-reversibility Retentions 2022/08/18
The report clearly and accurately reflects the researchers' research, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.