Double-digit increase in profits and acceleration of arithmetical capital expenditure \triangleright, 4.6 per cent increase in the same year; net profit return of $9.03 billion, 10.5 per cent increase in the same year; net gain not attributable to the mother
$6,699 million, a 10.6 per cent decrease in the same year; net cash flows from operating activities amount to $9,155 million, corresponding to the one-year intellectual extension of the network, which achieves the goal of double-digit growth of profits.
Revenues grew by 1.5 per cent over the same period. Steady growth, with the size of users re-innovating, brought the total number of mobile and broadband users to 470 million, a net increase of 1952 million; the number of connections to the Internet, which reached 620 million, a net increase of 130 million; the number of car connections, which reached 76 million, with industry leading; and the size of the Internet platform, which accounted for more than 12 million of the country ' s total.
1/8.2) Net smart income increased by 9.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, of which the connected cloud generated $68.6 billion, or 17.1 per cent more on a year-on-year basis, and the data centre generated $25.9 billion, or 7.4 per cent more on a year-on-year basis.
Strong growth, with more than $26 billion in contracts signed last year, boosted the upgrading of mobile and broadband networks, enriched arithmetic and arithmetic supply, and accelerated the transition to a technology service provider.
Maga Wei's cities deploy wave-carrying syndications. 2) On the computer network, speed up the development of idc to aidc, the flow to intelligence, the upgrade, the company's idc hangars reached 420,000, the build-up rate was 68%, and the sanity capacity reserves were rapidly formed.
270mw; Wisdom is over 17 eflops, has over 300 training pools of computing power, with a focus on 10 national centres of intelligence data. China Connect states that the Ai Wave is an important engine for China to transform and upgrade from Communications to Science and Technology Services, and that China will be connected to infrastructure, data sets, and big.
Models, smart bodies, ai safety, for example, a model of multi-model symbiosis and the promotion of the integration of intelligent, human robotics.
Review: Half-yearly reporting double-digit gains realized, network computing industry, introduction of smart services such as 5g messages, cloud phones and robotics.
\triangleright 2. China Connect (600050.sh) Quarterly Report, 2024
Special budgetary arrangements have been made for point infrastructure and major projects.
Ideas-building 2024/03/20 Investment proposal: companies invest more in arithmetic and value is being revalued in the cloud business era.
\triangleright Review: Strong performance growth, big data business continues to take a leading lead, methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.