The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre performed fairly well and had a significant financing advantage. 2022q3 achieved $13.8 billion in revenue, a year-on-year increase.
The average financing cost of new financing in the first three quarters of the year was 3.7 per cent, while the cost of integrated financing of stock financing was 4.0 per cent.
Tens of thousands of square metres, 66.5 per cent of the plan for the beginning of the year; 23.5 million square metres for the completion of the plan, 60.3 per cent of which was completed; the company was involved in a number of projects to upgrade the old city, with a total building area of approximately 4.94 million square metres; the property was developed robustly and the cloud was successfully placed on the market.
There are 77 projects, 76.6% from third parties; 129 new expansion projects for commercial and commercial space services; and 14 new expansion projects for urban space services.
• Logistics received a high-quality rating and diversified operations contributed to growth. 1) Warehousing logistics: In the last three quarters, the logistics warehousing operation achieved operating revenue of $2.97 billion, an increase of 42.7 per cent over the previous three quarters.
During this period, eight projects, such as the Cold Chain Logistics Park in Axis City, Huanhu Province, were evaluated as “first-tier green warehouse” (upper): 2) rental housing: 23.100 million yuan in business income in September, representing an increase of 11.5 per cent. As of September, the rental of housing had been managed in approximately 215,000 units.
Revenues from business and business operations amounted to $6.25 billion, an increase of 10.6 per cent over the same period, of which the Indian Group held a limited share of $4.04 billion in operating business projects managed by the company, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period.
Taking into account the company’s deep-seated industrial management dividend, the non-house industry leads by maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Huankoa (000002): The scale of profits has fallen, and Novo will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.