002236.sz Buv buys Wang Wei Chul
Net profits increased by 35 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017, and future growth is still to be expected 1.4 billion yuan, yoy+35.1 per cent, the equivalent of 0.5 per cent, and the company’s performance is at the midpoint of the forecast of performance, in line with expectations. Of this, companies q3 achieved operating income of 4.82 billion yuan in the first quarter, yoy+52.1 per cent.
Net profits of $70 million, yoy + 40.8 per cent are recorded, while the company is expected to grow on a year-on-year basis in 2017.
Large-scale projects are under way, with more than a 50 per cent increase projected for the first three quarters of the year; offshore operations are under construction through corporate channels (currently 37 branches covering more than 180 countries and territories) and self-owned branding, with more than a 40 per cent increase projected for the previous three quarters of the year.
The company ' s combined Māori rate was 38.6 per cent in the previous three quarters. Sales cost increased by 1.3 percentage points in the same year as a result of increased market penetration. Corporate management cost decreased by 1.3 percentage points to 13.6 per cent in the same year as revenue collection.
Combining the cost of the company ' s period with future growth, it is still to be expected: 1. The company has been scaling up its research and development efforts over the last two years, with a transition to a solution.
The case provider, in 2015, has launched 114 sub-sector solutions in nine major industries, and has made arrangements for institutional investors as a share of the circulation of a share in a marketing organization. The project is continuing, and we believe that with the city of Peace,
(b) The firm's firm implementation of the internationalization strategy, with rising revenue ratios, and we believe that, in the context of the rising demand for security in Europe, the company's overseas branches will grow, channels and brands will continue to emerge.
Building up, companies will continue to grow in size in overseas markets, and companies will continue to grow in brand ownership, and the Māori ratio is expected to continue to rise: 3. Companies are actively moving into safety operations, civil security, machine visualization, cloud services, etc., and will gradually grow in the future.
We maintain the “buy-in” investment proposal, based on the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
I'm sorry, chinaresearchdept.