High performance continues to grow, with a full stock of its products and a three-quarter financial review of its stock (002236).
In the third quarter, operating income was $4.259 billion, an increase of 41.07 per cent, a net return to the mother was $461 million, and performance continued to grow at a high rate, as expected. In the first three quarters of 2017, the net profit to the company was $1,444 million, an increase of 35.06 per cent, \triangleright.
On the revenue side, the company achieved a total revenue of 11,723 million yuan in the previous three quarters, an increase of 47.12 per cent over the same period. The main reasons for the higher rate of growth than profit growth were, on the one hand, the significant increase in financial costs of 425.25 per cent as a result of losses on exchange and higher interest payments in excess of $50 million in the last three quarters, and, on the other hand, the financial boom in the East, on the other hand.
The company’s operations remained stable and its cost structure was further optimized. The company’s Māori rate for the first three quarters was 39.18%, an increase of 0.64 \triangleright compared to the same period last year.
Research and development inputs to increase marketing promotion of products, while benefiting from scale effects, have resulted in a 1.27 percentage point increase in sales costs to 13.57 per cent, a 1.27 percentage point decrease in management costs to 13.63 per cent, and a further optimization of the cost structure. In the context of the gradual stabilization of the current exchange rate and the fact that costs are less seasonal than revenue, we believe that the company's profitability performance in the fourth quarter has been reduced to 13.63 per cent.
Security is the dominant factor in the current security market’s high profile. We believe that the current consolidation of the security market’s two-faceted pattern will greatly benefit the public sector from the larger advantages of internalization.
This signal is clearly conveyed to the market by the continued roll-out of a new one. As the company continues to expand to the solutionr, it is inevitable that the new one will not expand as expected; the ppp project is prone to a certain risk of bad debt.
The University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Institute of Computing Computer Systems, the University of Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, have a great history of electronic information engineering. The computer industry is in the fields of high competence, medical informatics, information security, and so forth.
Xia Qingjing, finance, artificial intelligence, and sub-units.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.