The results of the transformation of domestic business will continue to be visible: the company began to evolve into a solution four years ago.
Providers, despite short-term pains, have begun to show the transformation gains of the past two years, with the ratio of revenue to the P217h1 solution reaching over 50%, an increase of 53%, and M3M, the main driver of growth in corporate performance. The company has now launched a solution for 114 subsectors in nine major industries.
The program is still fine-tuning the typical solutions and improving service capabilities. The City of Peace, the City of Wisdom, and the major projects at the industry level are continuing.
As the channels sink, we believe that the gains of a deeper transformation of corporate solutions will continue to be evident. Overseas operations continue to grow: firms’ operations abroad have continued to grow at a rapid rate of 56% compound growth over the last five years, and the share of revenues has reached around 38%.
Branches, covering more than 180 countries and regions, with corporate products ranked first in South American markets, and second in North America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia and the Pacific. We believe that security demand has grown more strongly in South America, Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, and that companies are abroad.
With the implementation of the localization strategy, companies will continue to grow at a rapid rate and are expected to earn more than 50 per cent. In addition, corporate brand ownership has been recognized overseas in recent years.
We believe that the Māori ratio of overseas operations will continue to rise as the company’s own branding ratio increases. Institutional investors account for the share of circulating shares.
The layout is comprehensive, and future growth is still to be expected: the company has been laid out in such areas as intelligence security, security operations, civil security, machine visualization, cloud services, new energy vehicles, etc., and we believe that the company, with its leading layout, strong R & D capabilities, is vast.
Channels and size advantages will gain a stronger competitive advantage in the defense of 3.0 years, and we believe that companies will gradually grow into integrated video surveillance service providers in the future, and that growth is to be expected. Rationally, we maintain “buy-in” investment advice.
Figure 2: Growth in corporate and domestic operations