The Sini San can be transferred to the world, transport, cashier holdings (002352.sz)
Reason for the report: Three-quarters tabloid reviews with hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue in the first three quarters and a business outperformed last year, October 27th, 2020.
q3 business growth continued to be high, with the previous three quarters outperforming last year. 2020q3, the company \triangleright completed 2,016 million votes, an increase of 64.71 per cent over the same year, bringing the total to 5672 million.
This represents an increase of 75.06% over the previous year's total business of 4,830 million votes. The company q3 has fallen slightly to 9.1% as a result of the resumption of post-natal operations, the economic portfolio has risen further in the previous three quarters as a percentage of the company's business income, and the electricity vendor's preferences.
The market value of the share in circulation a (billions): Māori rates affected by the commodity price war continued to decline. In addition, in July, August, September 2020, capital structures were optimized and cost rates improved continuously. As of the end of the third quarter, corporate asset-liability ratios had fallen.
See, the company ' s q3 fee continues to improve. By the end of the third quarter, the company ' s sales cost rate, management cost rate, capital expenditure expansion and q4 performance growth were more certain. q3 companies purchased fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term assets to pay cash of $3.42 billion, an increase of 163.78 per cent, and the ring of q2 more.
With 65.96% long, we believe that capital spending expansion is an increase in productive inputs to ensure the growth of power-processing services. In the quarter of the year, online consumption is expected to lead to high growth in corporate business.
A full range of integrated logistics services such as transport, cold-chain logistics, international operations, technology, full coverage, high user satisfaction, brand recognition, and a 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Avenue, Taiwon City Capital, compared to a more powerful product spill.
Price and bargaining capacity, as the revenue structure of the company becomes more diversified and the capacity of integrated logistics services is growing, 7th floor of the Central China Center, 28 São Reixi Street, Beijing City West Side.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.