Consistency Holdings (002352.sz) High Growth Drived by Power Vendor Preferentials with Year-round Performance Growth Capable Transport
Event: The company released November business data: the combined delivery of courier services and supply chain operations in November, both of which are at an all-time high.
The share of preferential power suppliers increased, with single-ticket revenues falling by 19.86 per cent to $17.88 on a year-on-year basis; supply chain preferential power suppliers re-emerged and business volume grew by almost 60 per cent: from May 2019 to May 2019, the rate of growth increased from one to two places (10 per cent) in the month.
With 20h1 business having been growing at a high rate of more than 80%, with a boom of 59.51% in November, driven by strong consumer demand in the “two-one-one-one” season of 2004, a booming and sustained power-market business, far faster than the industry’s average growth rate of 23 pct.
Second, on November 11th, the boom on the full web was 2.5 times higher than the average, with the rate of pick-up of Ali's platform orders rising by 84.4 per cent, reflecting the acceleration of penetration in the electricity market, and increasing and sustaining a higher market share for power suppliers. In addition, 2020, with the low end fast,
In view of the need for competition in the market, the company has grown rapidly in the other side, increasing loading rates and carrying resources such as people, vehicles, sites, etc. that exceed the original express delivery network, in order to avoid shocks to operations such as the original statute of limitations.
As a result of this trend, the company has actively promoted the development of the Conglomerate Express Network, which, on the one hand, will reduce the cost of reinvesting new resources, such as people, vehicles and the field, after reaching the critical point, and on the other hand, integrates the network with fewer inputs, speeds up the network and has less access than “specialties”.
Unit costs and transit costs make it easier to hit the electricity market. 1 certificate test of 10,000, 345,000 end-of-pipe points with 84 per cent coverage in the townships; transit allocation: 9 hubs in transit
In addition, the air network: the company owns 73 full cargo aircraft, 82 cargo routes covering 52 cities and 6 international stations and is a national full cargo aircraft.
The number of freight carriers with the largest number of routes, and the fourth largest cargo fleet in the world, will help to optimize the network structure of routes, raise the overall transport time frame, lower transport costs, and open up emerging markets with the construction of the Orzhou airport. In addition, benefiting from developed network resources, new operations.
Growth was rapid, with 20h1 as a share of total revenue rising to 27%. Especially in the case of fast-moving operations, 710,000 clients were served during the two-time period, an increase of 38.7% over the same period.
Tons, up by more than 90% from 2019 on the same date; smooth-minded pick-up of 24,000 tons per day is also extremely high; supply chain operations accumulated to November, yielding $6.236 billion, y0y+43.59%.
Efficient 3D competition system. Profit predictions: companies compete with markets on the basis of different product service standards, target resources, optimize product operating models, achieve optimal timeliness and quality of different products.
At the same time, the growth in volume has been shaped through three main aspects: network layout, cost control, internal management, etc.: cash flow statements. This report is prepared by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. This report cannot be duplicated or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed before prior notice. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the attestation described in this report, i., or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the attestation described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others.
22 December 2020