Corporate review reports — logistics industry up to 28 per cent of new business, surplus holdings (002352.sz)
By 2020, the growth rate is expected to reach 42 per cent, and Wang Jingjia has achieved $10,959.94 billion, an increase of 39.13 per cent over the previous year; the net return to the mother is $5,598 million.
2. Our analysis and judgement that (i) the business of the companies has continued to grow well, and the structure of the business has gradually been optimized,
The share of new business has risen to 28%. The company is the leading national courier logistics integrated service provider.
32.6 per cent; benefits from cross-border electricity supplier development, with an increase of 134 per cent in international operations; and with emergency and supply chain operations, with an increase of 61.6 per cent and 47.2 per cent, respectively, we expect to be affected by the four-quarter season stimuli, with companies registering a growth rate in 2020.
Cross-border electricity supplier development and the impact of national capacity-building in international freight transport, with international operations expected to continue at a high rate of growth; high-quality, fresh food demand for benefits, improved peer network impacts, cold (ii) exposure to early deployment of future operational expenditures, gradual return to normal epidemiological preferences, etc.
3.3 per cent, due mainly to highway recovery charges, the gradual recovery of oil prices and the cost of investing in power to support year-end operations. Other operating costs represented 13.6 per cent of revenue compared to 202003, a 0.3 per cent increase in the ring, mainly due to the company ' s increased automated transit equipment inputs and compliance with regulations.
Rationale investment of site resources to meet pre-existing inputs such as peak demand. 27 August 2020, Corporate Review Report _ Logistics Industry _ Consistency Holdings (002352, sz); Integrated Logistics Infrastructure Network
The annual Māori rate, however, is expected to pick up in the future as the energy invested in it becomes more effective. (iii) The cost rate continues to be optimized, as a result of refined professional management, and the company’s net interest rate on non-repatriation increases in the same proportion.
The net non-net interest rate was cut by 4.7 per cent, an increase of 0.2 percentage points from 4.5 per cent in the same period last year. The efficiency gains resulted mainly from continued optimization of cost rates (202001-03), technologically and digitally digitized inputs; the financial cost as a percentage of income decreased by 0.1 per cent, mainly due to lower interest expenditure following the transfer of corporate debt to equity; and the corporate asset liability rate fell to 49.8 per cent (54 per cent at the end of 2019).
In January-September 2020, the cumulative volume of courier operations was 56.14 billion votes, with a cumulative increase of +27.88 per cent over the same year, compared with 2020. Its integrated logistics service provider ' s high-quality brand has been established, and in the future the company logistics infrastructure network will be more competitive, build-up brand advantages, and the company ' s performance is expected to improve further with the construction and operation of the Oblast airport.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent manner. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has passed.
There is a wealth of experience in strategic transport policy research. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to carry out investment research in the transport sector.