Reported in 2021h1 that the pharmaceutical industry has gradually stabilized and that the domestic market for medically new products is about to increase.  Events: 2,021h1 companies achieved business income of $17,179 million, an increase of 3.11 per cent, compared with 3.11 per cent.
The net profit was 1.3 billion yuan, down 24.89 per cent from the same period; the net profit from the non-repatriation of the mother was 1,194 million yuan from the same period when the pharmaceutical industry stabilized and the pharmaceutical business grew faster. The company’s pharmaceutical industry’s core subsidiary was 1 billion yuan (-13.49 per cent).q The q2 quarter was still affected by the product price reduction factor, but due to Akapo
The market for sugar products has been increasing and the rate of consumption has been rising, transplant immunization and cardiovascular products have been growing faster, etc., and the q2 drop has been significantly narrower. With a quarterly view, China’s East q1 battalion, net profit bd, together, has made a number of significant advances in the field of innovation medicine, with future innovations emerging.
The same base is lower, the growth rate is faster, the q2 growth is more stable, and the first half of the year was a year of total business acquisition, the re-marketing of new products and orders, and the country’s overseas operations are growing rapidly. In the first half of the year, the company’s business as a whole achieved operating income of $565 million (+46.25 per cent), and we estimate domestic operations.
Foreign medicine and beauty operations, on the one hand, are better off than expected due to the apparent increase in international market orders and the new e-mails on the European market, the new high-end urinary acid series, and the marketing of the new agent, the Korean lamluma.
Quarterly Review: Medical beauty and medicine business grew 74% by itself. On the other hand, the new acquisition of revenues from the Spanish Hightech company and the recovery of growth, the company’s high-end medical and beauty products, were among the most powerful.
Tables show that, as a result, Sinclair achieved an overall revenue of $276 million (+11.12 per cent).
Synclair, an international computer platform, has a rich line of high-end products in the field of micro- and innocuous medical products, and, with the approval of “girl needles”, a rich line of products such as urea, plyon protein stimulators, botulinum toxins, wires, photovoltaics, etc.
In the second half of the year, the company's heavy weight product was injected with the polyhexyrin micro-balloid filler, ellansé y Yyeon, which is about to be officially marketed in the mainland Chinese market in August, bringing in the cold of the US R2 company.
In the third quarter, tmgracialspatm(fo) will be officially marketed in the country, and new products will be listed with the promise of a new performance growth in the company’s medical industry.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: considering that the company’s industrial plates are still subject to price reductions during the first half of the year.
Large, the Medico-American subsidiary Sinclair has influenced profit contributions through amortization costs, among other things, and we have a company of billions of dollars, which corresponds to 23/19/16 times the current share price. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.