On October 27, the company released its three-quarter report, which generated $16,196 million in revenues in the first three quarters, an increase of 43 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $5,318 billion to the mother, an increase of 69 per cent over the same period, and $5,729 million in the third quarter.
RMB, 52% increase in the same year and 1.585 billion RMB in the same year. Production is generally stable, and the price of raw materials is pushing the product to profit. The company’s overall production for the third quarter is relatively stable, with the production of HFOs increasing by 8%, 12%, and production is operating at a high capacity.
In China, the overall production of coke has fallen, but as prices have remained high, the overall harvest has improved. The company, as a typical coal company, operates in two main directions, namely, AFOs and coke, with 1. " Growing profitability, strengthening cost advantages and continuing progress " .
There is a more marked differentiation, where coke is adjusted by the prices of the entire industrial chain, raw materials and products are in the upper cycle, while companies are partially equipped with coal production capacity to fully benefit from the upswing in product prices; but 2. Coalification is driven by two-wheel drive and capacity expansion progresses.
The overall operation of the products has been affected by the relatively small share of the country ' s coal-based and methanol-based production capacity, the firm price of the petrochemical industry chain remains strong, and the prices of polyethylene and polypropylene corporate products have remained largely stable for the third quarter, and the prices of the products have remained stable.
Without going up, the price of raw materials has risen significantly, and the company’s overall profitability has been pressured relative to that, thus affecting the company’s profit volume by a significant downside of about 9% over the second quarter. Capacity-building is continuing, with concentrated, gas-based products spreading the risk of a single production line.
To continue to build capacity for the two-line, gasification, and to expand capacity at the end of the year by 3 million tons, based on the existing 4 million tons of capacity for coker production, to provide a new increase next year, while Ningdong continues to build capacity for coal-based hydrocarbons, and the third phase continues to build capacity for the company in the following year.
The construction of a two-way caramel, gasification, will spread the risk of a single gas route and provide a relatively good level of profitability in the absence of any particular material fluctuations. In the short term, the abnormal rise in coal prices has led to a significant increase in the company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon products at this stage.
Compression, short-term pressure, but companies are more competitive in the coal-based industry chain, are expected to maintain a better level of profitability in the face of a return to normal product prices, and are forecast to return net profits to the company in 2021-2023 from Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn
Yang Wingyiying@gjzq.com.cn Construction of new projects at a slower pace than expected; risk of high volatility of product prices; high prices of raw materials
Fluctuation risk; policy changes impact on the company ' s future new production capacity risk. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment