The event company issued a three-quarter report in 2021, which generated operating income of $16,196 million, compared to the previous year.
The increase in the price of the main business product in Huen Wenpo, but with a larger price margin, resulted in an increase in the value of non-profit products in O3 from the company ' s q3 polyolefin and coke operating revenues of $25.08 million and $2.36 billion, respectively.
Further upswing in the unit price of raw materials such as gasification coal, coker processing, coal powering, etc. Since 19th, the National Development Commission has been implementing a series of coal price interventions to power coal.
In our view, coal spot prices will also be on the decline, and lower end-of-life costs will reshape companies’ elasticity against a backdrop of high oil prices. Polyfin and coke production will continue to expand, and it is hoped that they will grow from coal to coal.
According to the hydrocarbon business layout, the company ' s 3-MT/year project and the 4 million-ton/year-of-minus project (2.6-ton/year) are expected to end production in 2022 and produce 250,000-year-old high-end products (expected production in 2023)
Capability. At the same time, the four-treasuries project has been pre-evaluated. According to the coke business, the demand for coke will be suppressed by a firm reduction in iron production in 2021.
The coke 3 million tonnes/year project is expected to be ready for production by 2021, when the coke production will reach 7 million tonnes/year, further increasing corporate profits. The continued expansion of corporate ownership will help companies grow over cycles and highs.
A project to build new energy electrolysis hydrogen, achieve carbon emission reductions, accelerate carbon neutralization and initiate a demonstration project for solar electrolytic hydrogen storage and applications at the national level, with an annual output of 240 million “Green” (Galactic Chemical) markers from the chemical industry and the energy industry.
Hydrogen and 120 million “Green Oxygens” have been put into operation, and by the end of this year (600989.sh) _ 21h1 with high levels of profitable innovation, project expansion has helped complete production.
The combined benefits are significant. The company is active in achieving this.
[Galactic Chemical] The cost of the industry chain of the chemical industry for the production of the acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerants The national “double carbon” goal, contributing to the achievement of green, high-quality development.
The company's in-depth report on the chemical industry (600989.sh) - the “black gold” forms the white horse when it's right. I promise to present this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.