The performance of the 2023 and 2024 Quarterly reports is assessed in terms of: 'i, the long slopes of the Revolution, a critical link in the productive industrial chain ' .
Incidents: On 25 March 2024, the company issued its annual report 2023 and its first quarter performance forecast 2024, the company’s communications market board generated $5.87 billion, or 6.82%; the Maori rate reached a round of industrial revolutions.
And there are a lot of large-scale, high-speed, multi-layer pcb demands, especially higher than 18 floors. Companies have worked deep on communication plates for many years, and technology and production capabilities have built up a leading global advantage, cutting into the North American large customer supply chain, and are the main witnesses and deep participants in the ai industrial revolution.
In 2023, the share of i-server and hpc-related pcb products in the company’s corporate communications market grew from about 7.89% in 2022 to about 21.13%. Looking ahead, one may expect to continue to develop rapidly, while the traditional servers are expected to recover gradually.
At the beginning of 2024, the company decided to invest about RMB 510 million to implement a high-intensity project aimed at a network of numeracy, high-speed interconnectivity, production of circuit boards, and the potential for growth of the company.
25.65%, yoy+1.6pct. Of this, the company’s millimetre wave radars, the use of hdi autopilot aids and smart seat area controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2packs, among others, have been growing steadily, accounting for about 21.45% of the company’s motor board’s operating income from 2022.
At the heart of the industrial chain, we look at the company's development prospects in this area, and we maintain the “buy-up over-performance” of the company, and I'll push it up.
q2 performance increases, 'ai+car' deep layout,
In November 2022, the Sindam Securities Electronics Group joined the 9th House of the City Street of the West Side of Beijing to study optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc., semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs, etc.
The monthly entry into Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., an engineer in the optical machine system, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in December 2022 to study precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc., to store chips, simulate chips, etc.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.