The company published a 2023 report and a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2024.
The impact of factors such as the intensification of the corporate and geopolitical conflict was a decline in global pcb output in 2023, or a 7.23 per cent increase in the same year. Of these, pcb achieved a revenue of $8,572 million, or 8.09 per cent increase in the same year; and, with the optimization of the product structure of pcb, the pcb Māori ratio increased by 0.74 pct to 0.74 ptt
32.46 per cent; the net profit on maternity was 1,513 million yuan, an increase of 11.09 per cent over the same period; the structural demand for high multi-layer pcb panels from emerging computing scenarios such as the deduction of non-post net profit on mother speed servers, artificial intelligence, increased to 21.13 per cent from the income of the enterprise ' s telecommunications board ' s i server and Hpc-related pcb products.
With the accelerated evolution of artificial intelligence technology, the surge in demand for ai servers and high-speed network systems, the demand for large, high-speed multi-layer pcb, the high-speed multi-layer pcb (18 floors above) in 2023, the best performing pcb area, the structural needs of which offset the traditional data centre area.
In 2023, the company ' s telecommunications board received $5.87 billion, which is an increase in the share of the pcb product in the company ' s communications market board operating income, from around 2022.
In 2023, the company won $2.15 billion in automobile board business, a cumulative loss of $105 million on the same month, a decline of 16.17 per cent on the same scale.
Losses affect the company’s car board’s Māori ratio of about 2.21 ptt. The company’s millimetre wave radar, the use of hdi autopilot aids and new and emerging car board products such as smart cabin controllers, ceramics, thick copper, etc. The market continues to grow, accounting for about 21.45% of the company’s motor board’s operating income from 2022.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of work experience in securities, and a previous job in Quantities, the Ministry of National Security, and the Ministry of Trust Securities in Beijing. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as the head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.