The performance is over-expected, and the company's coefficient area is pcb.
Practice No.: S15005229001, lead in i server and switch product technology, card-based core chain of industry. Current aigpu output is further high, company-related product production is being delivered fast and performance is visible
High-speed growth. With the pcb industry as a whole, it is not easy to achieve such a high rate of growth, and it is also a strong one. Moreover, the company’s automobile business is growing steadily, the acquisition of the business is moving upwards, the motor intelligence stream is not changing, and the motor panels are expected to provide additionality.
The benefits of aigc-driven ai-services, 400g/800g switch products are in better shape, and technology & customer build solid moats.
The value-added of the product is higher.ai is growing at a high rate, and the company’s share of the related product is increasing rapidly, with a significant increase in profitability, with the pcb operation raising to about 32.46% in 2023, further up to the same time, with signs of warmth in the traditional consumer electronics, general servers, etc., companies, etc.
The Māori rate/net interest rate is expected to increase further, and development prospects in this area will maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: ai development below expected risk and risk of macroeconomic fluctuations;
Q2 performance growth, "ai+car" depth layout, "digital+car" deepening layout, high-growth track.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Sub-group, later joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in November 2022, looking at optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc., ready, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs, entered Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc. in September of that year, and joined the Sindha Securities Electronics Engineer in December 2022.
Group, directed towards precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc., towards the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc., for servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.