(002463.sz)
The company combines production and management resources, and the product upgrades + efficiency optimizes the profits. The company shifts the product from pcb below 22 floors of the Quantium plant and the low- and middle-level car plate from Quantico to the Yellowstone plant in order to respond to price competition;
The company has also upgraded and targeted production of yellow stones, green mills, micro-electric bottlenecks and critical processes; in overseas deployment, the company has accelerated the construction of the Thai production base, and the company, in conjunction with New Humanity Electronics, has added 4,749 million baht to the company's Thai subsidiary, which is expected to be produced in 4024.
The main overseas customer's ai product has been supplied in bulk, and conventional server stock has entered a reasonable water level.
In 2023, the company adopted the certification of the products of the data centre servers and the ai server by major foreign Internet companies and delivered them in bulk; pcie arithmetic cards, network plus speed cards were produced in bulk at the Yellowstone Factory; 800g switch products have been delivered in bulk; semiconductor-based
As the demand for training and reasoning continues to expand, demand for large-scale, high-level, high-level hdi, and high-frequency high-speed pcb products has been strong. With the upgrading of microtechnics, the loss of the winning strategy has been further reduced.
In May 2023, the company completed the acquisition of the holdings, and the 3023 victory lost about $37 million. The P2pack pcb product for the 48v light system was produced in 4023 and will be accelerated in the future with the production technology for the 800v high-pressure structure.
Optimization and transfer to promote the commercialization of products using p2pack technology in pure electric cars. Investment proposal: We're going to be using the P2pack share (002463.sz) - deep-deep high-end pcb to benefit the digital economy, based on the company's performance of 4023 and the demand of the arithmetic industrial chain.
(002463.sz) - Strong structural demand, year-round net profit forecast  (002463.sz)-q3 performance growth robustly, product structure upgrade support Figure 1: Business income and speed of growth of  (in billions of yuan, %)
Figure 2: Revenue and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) of single-season revenue from electricity shares, figure 5: Māori rate of electricity shares, changes in net interest rates The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author