Accelerating release of titanium powder production, two-way layout of the new energy industry chain Investment rating: buying (maintenance) of high-priced titanium powder drags corporate profits and the titanium industry chain accelerates future growth
Revenues have grown steadily and profitability has declined, mainly as a result of low downstream demand, which has caused titanium powder prices to fall, and corporate profits. At present, titanium powder prices are largely stable, and according to ifind data, the average price of titanium powder in China has remained constant since 9.27, with sharp titanium and gold.
From the point of view of raw materials, the price of titanium powder, the main raw material, sulphate, has returned to low levels, and the company’s operating costs have gradually returned to normal water level. Overall, it is expected that the company’s titanium powder profitability will remain stable for some time.
The company is also active in the construction of new projects, titanium powder, with an annual production of 200,000 tonnes of chlorination, titanium powder production line construction project (one line, 100,000 tonnes/year) completed and successfully tested production, and 200,000 tonnes of annual production of titanium chloride production line construction project (two lines, 100,000 tonnes/year)
In the case of sponge titanium, the company was able to produce 50,000 tons per year, forming two major titanium production bases in Yunnan and Gansu, and in September it had already achieved design capacity. In addition, the company was building a titanium titanium capacity of 30,000 tons per year.
With regard to titanium production, the company plans to establish the Henan Central Titanium Industry Company Ltd., which will produce 60,000 tons of new titanium alloys per year.
New performance increases corporate profits. • The vertically integrated layout of new energy materials reduces costs, horizontal expansion of hydrogen expands new business.
The company reported that it had 50,000 tons of phosphate per titanium powder, and that the new energy project plus 200,000 tons of battery material-grade iron phosphate per year (50 tons per year of iron phosphate) and annual production were highly innovative.
2. The industrialization of 200,000 tons of lithium ion battery materials (a phase of 50,000 tons/year of iron phosphate) is an unprecedentedly high performance, with new energy sources already in place and production lines now operating smoothly to the expected level of production capacity.
The company is actively investing in the upstream layout of raw materials, in the construction of gold-chang sulphate by-product resources and chlorine 3.q3 with high levels of re-innovation, and in the production of 400,000 tons of synthetic gold redstone from a combination of alkali waste slags, which is expected to produce annual production.
The production capacity of 400,000 tons of synthetic gold and 1 million tons of iron sulphate per year guarantees self-sufficiency of phosphorus, lithium sulphate raw materials. Moreover, the company is in the process of embarking on prospecting for a hard-rocked lithium mine with the U.S. Sub-Geological Project (Tanzania) Ltd.
In addition, the company has extended its new energy business horizontally to the hydrogen energy sector, and has signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the new hydrogen-to-hydrogen energy source, both of which are intended to contribute to the efficient use of hydrogen by-products in the chemical industry, the production of hydrogen fuel cell systems, and the application of hydrogen fuel cell vehicles.
There is substantial strategic cooperation across the board to promote hydrogen energy development. For 9x, 8x, 7x. Maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. (1) Corporate technology R & D is not as advanced as expected:
(b) Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.