{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002601.sz} Tradingbuy Inter-District Operation.
q3 has been under pressure to generate new growth in the construction of projects, and the company is the third largest titanium producer in the world and the largest producer of titanium powder in Asia and China. Twenty-two years of low real estate, titanium powder, falling prices, but the company has been actively titanium.
Given that titanium powder is still weak, maintaining the “inter-sectional” rating. The real estate industry is depressed, titanium powder is down: 22-h1 years of depression, titanium white.
In 2022, the price of q3 titanium powder was 16.8 million yuan per ton, the price of titanium concentrate was 2031 yuan per ton, yoy-5.2%, qoq-3.5%, and the price difference between titanium powder and titanium concentrate was reduced. The titanium titanium plate, which benefited from the impetus of new and highly sophisticated material, stabilized the price of titanium titanium, which was priced during the year.
Maintained at $78,000 per tonne, the company’s sponge titanium capacity is now 50,000 tons/year, with global capacity number one. As the process of nationalization of large aircraft accelerates, future demand for high-quality sponge titanium will increase rapidly and will contribute to the company’s continued profits.
Māori fell by the same year, with reasonable cost controls: the downside price of the main product drags the company Māori, with an increase in the exchange rate of 22 years leading to a reduction of the financial cost of 0.17 pct to 0.37% over the same period. The construction project is rich and is expected to lead to a second growth: titanium powder, 200,000 tons of chlorinated titanium.
Phase II of the powder project is expected to be completed in the course of the year, with an increase in the company ' s ability to produce titanium powder chloride, which will further optimize the product structure and hopefully lead to Māori restoration. The titanium material section, with 500,000 tons of climbing titanium concentrate, will be converted into titanium chloride slag, 300,000 tons of thiochloride titanium per year, 200,000 tons per year.
Synthetic diamonds, 30,000 tons of titanium titanium expansion capacity are advancing in an orderly manner, and the company's layout of titanium titanium has been improved; it has also established a joint venture company, Henan Central titanium, with a 20% share, to invest $3.14 billion in a new project to build 60,000 tons of titanium alloy per year.
The share of the Resource Equity Investment Centre, which will hold 99.9667% of its share after completion, will achieve a control schedule that will further advance the acquisition of rich-source mining and improve the integration of enterprises associated with the titanium chain.
In the next two years, 350,000 tons of iron phosphate, 350,000 tons of lithium phosphate and 100,000 tons of graphite will be produced, and the production of new energy blocks will be released gradually, which is expected to generate new performance gains for the company.
Profit forecast: Considering that titanium powder is still weak, we are working on a profit forecast, and it is expected that this report will be prepared by the company ' s Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and that the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.