Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) In the evening of 6 December, the company issued an announcement that the proposed cash acquisition of titanium metal shares in Yunnan would be limited
The company has a 100% stake in Yangtze New Materials Ltd., a subsidiary of Wuding National titanium Company Ltd., which plans cash acquisition of the titanium plant and the high titanium slag stock structure of the company, and further upgrades the company's specialization level following changes in the structure of the titanium concentrate plant and the titanium slag.
This time, the company acquired new material held by Yunnan Titanium Metals Co. Ltd. with a limited stake of 100 per cent in the company, in order to adapt to industry trends and to further focus on business, prices of the company compared to 300 deep.
To raise the level of professionalization, maximize the benefits of scalability, reduce production costs, improve transport efficiency, and optimize resource allocation.
This change in equity structure will facilitate further optimization of corporate and subsidiary management and business functions, improve overall management efficiency, reduce management costs and contribute to sustainable corporate development.
• Revitalization of mining, with a doubling of the company's reserves of magnetic ore resources.
Ten thousand yuan, and the rumours have a share of 99.9667 per cent of the resource centre.  The resource centre has a 99.9565 per cent stake in the revival of the mining industry, which has become a holding subsidiary of the titanium resource centre and has been passively part of the company’s consolidated statements.
A subsidiary. Revitalization of the mining industry has temples and Xu's tweeds, both of which together have thiram resources of 1974.456 million tons (plus 146,274 tons if Xu's railways and road overlays are taken into account), and the mine will have 20 years of service.
After this passivity, the amount of resources retained by the red-gold iron ore has more than doubled, providing a strong guarantee for the supply of raw materials, increasing the overall competitiveness of the company and increasing the profitability of the company.
Increased release of titanium powder production, new energy industries 100 million yuan, net return to mothers 4103, 4660, 5.53 billion yuan, equal to each other 2. High innovation in titanium powder production, plus new energy projects
3. Performance has multiplied to an all-time high, and new energy sources will hit (1) that corporate technology research and development is not as advanced as expected; (2) that corporate capacity is not released as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.