Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
The downswing in the prices of pigs has affected income, the slaughtering of Māori is the best, benefiting from the downs in the prices of pork, sufficient supplies of raw pigs, and the company slaughtering business continues to hold. 2018 q1 double-slaughteres of 3.92 million, a 35 per cent increase, slightly lower than 2017 q4.
Slip, drop in the ring, or stoppage for the spring of q1. At the income end, it's a result of the slaughter of 2018q1. But the company's slaughtering of Māori has continued to grow upwards, amounting to 58.97 Māori for the first quarter of the past few years, the highest level of Māori, and a single-quarter slaughter plate.
Māori is the best level, with Māori reaching $231 million, and it is clear that structural adjustment has resulted in the continued sale of meat products at the rate of $5.629 billion for meat products at 2018q1, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period; and the sale of meat products at the rate of 7.4 per cent.
Total equity/flow (million shares) of 3.78 million tons, an increase of 5 per cent over the same period. Income grew faster than sales, reflecting the company’s efforts to restructure its products, with a 2.3 percentage point increase in the structure of high-end products during the quarter.
Tons of Maori can also be seen, q1 tons of tons of ton, $2820, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same period, but by ring, meat sales are slightly lower than 217 q4, which we judge to be related to companies ' initiative to restructure products and reduce lower end products.
Question: Accommodation is imminent, improvement is imminent. The lower prices for pigs are not reflected in the profits of meat products, mainly because of: 1, under pork - 2018/03/27.
Before it drops, the meat price drops. The high cost of cutting out the stock leaves the price unreceived in a quarter, which will be reflected at a later stage. Two, a quarter drop in hog prices, while the rest of the material goes into a new cycle of growth.
The cost of materials is rising. 3. China’s pig prices are falling, China’s prices are falling, China’s prices are falling, and the proportion of imports per quarter is falling. 4. The company has optimized its product formulations and improved the quality of its products in the first quarter.
Over the course of the cycle, the performance of the landscape has improved.
With sales costs of 2018q1 increasing by 6.51% over the year, and management costs falling by 4.93% over the year, we expect that the overall level of cost rates for 2018 will be stable and manageable. This year, the company will focus its marketing on medium meat products, which will increase its channels and push for change.
In addition, support for low-temperature and medium-sized products will be increased in terms of costs. In the past few years, both sinks have focused their marketing on Western meat products, but promotion has been progressing.
Not as much as expected, mainly Western meat products, are different from domestic eating habits. This year, the focus will be on medium-temperature meat products, which we believe will be more in line with market demand, and there will be a production threshold for other meat companies, with medium meat products or a new growth point.
The price of pigs is still in the downward cycle in 2018, and the rate of slaughtering starts will increase, leading to a further recovery of profit for both the slaughter business. The slaughter business has gradually returned to the boom year in 2017, and as the price of pigs falls further, it is expected that the double slaughter will reach 16 million in 2018.
This year, both the strategic and the organizational price dimensions of meat products have been adjusted, and the medium-temperature meat products have become the focus of this year's input and are expected to be rapidly released. Add to the trend of high consumption in 2018, we judge that meat products are expected to grow in near double-digit terms in 2018.
The downside of the price of pork in 2018 eases the pressure on the cost end, but due to restrictions on the import of pork this year, coupled with rising other costs, the cost of meat products or the same rate as last year, the increase in the Māori rate depends on the restructuring of the product.
The economic downturn, corporate governance gaps and the spread of new products have fallen short of expectations.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.