Double-sink development (000895) Food and beverages High rate of growth in slaughtering operations and continued improvement in the meat structure of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published a single quarterly report in 2018, which achieved operating income of $12.1 billion, a 1.4 per cent decline in the same year; the net profit of $1.1 billion for the mother, a 21 per cent increase in the same year; the gross profit rate for the main business, 19.7 per cent, an increase of about 3 percentage points in the same year; the net interest rate of 9.3 per cent, an increase of about 2 percentage points in the same year. The company’s performance is in line with market expectations.
Hog slaughter: benefits from a fall in hog prices and higher net profits. As the hog has recovered and the pig body weight has increased, the hog price has continued to fall, with an average wholesale price of 2018q1 pork falling by $19.8/kg, compared to 15%. (1) Hog prices have fallen, and the sale of fresh frozen meat has increased faster.
In the first place, the rate of increase of 35% over the same period, and the high rate of increase in slaughter is due to: 1) the fall in pig prices contributed to the increase in sales: 2) the prices of pigs were relatively low in the first quarter, and companies took the initiative to increase the stock of raw materials for meat products. (2) The increase in the profitability of fresh meat is evident. The fall in pig prices has led to a significant increase in the profitability of the frozen meat business, with 2018q1
The frozen meat generated revenues of $7.1 billion, a 9 per cent decline in the same year, net profits of $230 million, an increase of 124 per cent in the same year, net interest rates of 3.3 per cent, an increase of nearly 2 percentage points in the same year. With the revival of the toll of pigs and a heavy increase in the production of pigs, prices for pigs are expected to continue to fall in the second quarter, and companies are expected to continue to sell fresh pork and make a profit.
• Meat products: Structural optimization leads to growth in sales, and profitability is expected to improve over time. (1) Product restructuring starts with a very good start, and sales of old and new products are good. 2018q1 meat sales are 6% higher than the same, mainly because of the increase in sales of high-end products during the first quarter of the year, while making high-end products more productive.
The ratio rose by about 2 percentage points, with a double-digit increase in the low-temperature new product. (2) Increased marketing efforts, optimized formulations affecting improved short-term profitability, and long-term performance. 2018q1 meat business now earns 5.6 billion yuan, an increase of 7 per cent, net profits of 11 dollars, an increase of 11 per cent, and net interest rates of 19 per cent.
This is a 0.6 percentage point increase over the same period. A smaller improvement in the profitability of the company ' s meat industry in one quarter is due mainly to the higher cost of inventory, which has not yet been reflected in the fall in pig prices in one quarter; the higher price of packages; the optimization of the process formulations and the higher price of raw materials; and the increased marketing and advertising of markets, which affect the short term.
Profitability. As the market spreads, the cost of raw materials for pork and the product restructuring have led to an increase in the share of high Maori products, the future revenue and profitability of the company ' s meat business is expected to change.
The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.