Company Update
Banking
Last Close
Target Price
Upside
RMB11.71
RMB11.80
+0.8%
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
FY17 in line; asset quality and funding challenges persist
We resume coverage on Ping An Bank (PAB) with a Neutral rating and a TP of
Stock Rating
RMB11.80. We believe the improving retail banking franchise bodes well for PAB's
NEUTRAL
long-term profitability. However, we see limited upside from PAB's current valuation
given the funding cost and asset quality challenges. PAB's FY17 net profit was in line
1-year stock performance
NPL formation rate improved, but remained at the high end among banks we cover.
Asset quality improved but pressure persists: PAB's NPL ratio declined by 5bps
QoQ to 1.70% at end-2017, thanks to the aggressive write-off. NPL formation rate
declined slightly HoH in 2H17 to 2.46% under our estimation, but remained among
the highest of banks we cover. Provision coverage ratio declined 1ppt QoQ to 151%
at end-2017 and loan loss reserve was at 2.57% of total loans, down 9bps QoQ.
Source: Bloomberg
NPLs was equivalent to 70% of >90-day overdue loans. With the less prudent NPL
Stock data
classification and high NPL formation rate, we believe provision pressure remains.
Lackluster NIM outlook: PAB reported NIM of 2.37% in 2017, compared with
2.41% in 9M17. The NIM further contracted in 4Q17 due to higher interbank
funding cost and lower loan yield with lower risk appetite, in our view. Given its
weaker deposit franchise and continuous loan structure adjustment, we believe
PAB's NIM will remain under pressure amid tight liquidity.
Source: Bloomberg
Building up retail banking franchise: Retail banking made up 44% of total revenue
in 2017, up from 31% in 2016. Credit card loans increased by 68% YoY in 2017, and
Jaclyn Wang
total retail loans/deposits accounted for 50%/47% of total loans/deposits at end-
2017. Leveraging on Ping An Group's franchise, we expect PAB's retail franchise to
improve further and support its profitability in the long term.
Hannah Han
Valuation and risks: Our TP of RMB11.80 is the average of our 3-stage DDM model
and Gordon Growth fair P/B model, based on profit growth of 11%/7%/3% in stage
1/2/3 (terminal), dividend payout of 10%, sustainable ROE of 11.5%, and COE of
10.0%. Our TP-implied 2018E P/B is 0.90x. Key risks: Upside: better-than-expected
NIM and NPL. Downside: stricter-than-expected regulations on WMPs.
Financial highlights
Asset Quality Pressure Persists
PAB's NPL ratio was down 4bps YoY and 5 bps QoQ in 4Q17, which may be driven by its
aggressive write-offs, in our view. NPL write-offs and transfers amounted to RMB37bn
in 2017, up 6% YoY, equivalent to around 144% of NPLs at end-2016. Overdue loan
balance declined 13% HoH in 2H17 and special-mention loan balance also declined by
5% HoH in 2H17, indicating improving asset quality.
However, PAB's NPL formation rate remained at 2.46% in 2H17 under our estimation,
among the highest of banks we cover. We believe PAB still has to maintain relatively
high write-offs for stable NPL ratios. Given the 151% NPL coverage ratio, close to the
regulatory requirement of 150%, we believe the provision pressure remains high.
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l estimates
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l estimates
NIM Contracted due to High Interbank Funding Cost
PAB's interbank liability made up around 30% of total liabilities (including NCD and
borrowing from PBOC) at end-2017, up from 26% at end-2016. The surge in interbank
market rates resulted in higher interbank funding cost and pressured PAB's NIM. PAB's
deposits only increased by 4% YoY, compared with loan growth of 15% YoY in 2017. Also,
given the asset quality deterioration pressure, PAB turned more cautious on risky loans
in our view, and some new loan pricing is lower than that in the past few years.
Although PAB increased its high-yield retail loans, the overall loan yield declined in 2H17,
by our estimates.
We expect PAB's NIM to remain under pressure in the near term given the high
interbank market rates, risk appetite adjustments and relatively weak deposit franchise.
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l estimates
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l estimates
Limited Capital Buffer
PAB's CET1 declined 4bps QoQ and 8bps YoY to 8.28% at end-2017, slightly higher than
regulatory requirement of 7.5%. We expect higher capitalization pressure in 2018 for
PAB, considering the higher risk weighting for interbank investment and credit shift
from off-balance-sheet to balance-sheet assets. PAB announced its plan to issue
RMB26bn convertible bonds (CB) in mid-2017. However, it may take some time to
transfer the CB into core capital after the issuance, in our view.
PAB adjusted its exposure to interbank investments and off-balance-sheet WMP in
2H17. Interbank investments balance declined 26% HoH and off-balance-sheet WMP
balance was down 15% HoH in 2H17.
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
Building up Retail Franchise
The operating profit and revenue of PAB's retail banks accounted for 67% and 44% of
total, respectively, in 2017. The proportion of retail loans and deposits also increased in
2017. In general, retail loan pricing is higher than corporate loans and the credit cost is
less affected by economic cycles in China. We believe better retail banking franchise
may help PAB to improve its asset quality and NIM in the long term.
The retail franchise may also support the bank's fee income growth. PAB's fee income
increased by 10% YoY in 2017 despite the declines in WMPs and consulting fees, as its
bank card fees increased by 49% YoY.
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
Source: Company data, BOCOM Int'l
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
Financial Statements
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
BOCOM International
10/F, Man Yee Building, 68 Des Voeux Road Central, Central, Hong Kong
Rating System
Analyst Stock Ratings:
Analyst Industry Views:
Buy: The stock's total return is expected to exceed that of the
Outperform: The analyst expects the industry coverage
universe to be attractive relative to the relevant broad market
corresponding industry over the next 12 months.
benchmark over the next 12 months.
Neutral: The stock's total return is expected to be in line with
that of the corresponding industry over the next 12 months.
Market perform: The analyst expects the industry coverage
universe to be in line with the relevant broad market
Sell: The stock's total return is expected to be below that of the
benchmark over the next 12 months.
corresponding industry over the next 12 months.
Underperform: The analyst expects the industry coverage
Not-Rated: The analyst does not have conviction regarding the
universe to be unattractive relative to the relevant broad
outlook of the stock's total return relative to that of the
market benchmark over the next 12 months.
corresponding industry over the next 12 months.
Broad market benchmark for Hong Kong is the Hang Seng
Composite Index, for China A-shares is the MSCI China A Index,
(USD) Index.
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
Analyst certification
The authors of this report, hereby declare that: (i) all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect their personal views about any and all of the subject
securities or issuers; and (ii) no part of any of their compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this report; (iii) no insider information/ non-public price-sensitive information in relation to the subject securities or issuers which may influence the
recommendations were being received by the authors.
The authors of this report further confirm that (i) neither they nor their respective associates (as defined in the Code of Conduct issued by the Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of the
report; (ii)) neither they nor their respective associates serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (iii) neither they
nor their respective associates have any financial interests in the stock(s) covered in this report except for one coverage analyst who is holding shares of Shimao
Property Holdings Limited.
Disclosure of relevant business relationships
BOCOM International Securities Limited, and/or its associated companies, has investment banking relationship with Bank of Communications, Guolian Securities
Co. Ltd., Bank of Zhengzhou Co. Ltd., Human Health Holdings Limited, COFCO Meat Holdings Limited, Hebei Yichen Industrial Group Corporation Limited, China
Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited, Orient Securities Company Limited, Wuxi Construction and Development Investment Co.China Development Bank
Financial Leasing Co., Ltd, Phoenix Healthcare Group ,Co. Ltd, Everbright Securities Company Limited, China First Capital Group Limited, Jiayuan International
Group Limited, Luzhou Xinglu Water (Group) Co., Ltd., Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., China Merchants Securities Co., Limited, Shandong International
Trust Co., Ltd, Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd CSC Financial Co., Ltd, BOCOM International Holdings Company Limited, HPC Holdings Limited, Guotai
months.
BOCOM International Global Investment Limited currently holds more than 1% of the equity securities of Orient Securities Company Limited.
BOCOM International Global Investment Limited currently holds more than 1% of the equity securities of Everbright Securities Company Limited.
BOCOM International Global Investment Limited currently holds more than 1% of the equity securities of Guolian Securities Co., Ltd.
BOCOM International Global Investment Limited currently holds more than 1% of the equity securities of Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd.
BOCOM International Prosperity Investment Limited currently holds more than 1% of the equity securities of China YuHua Education Corporation Ltd.
Disclaimer
By accepting this report (which includes any attachment hereto), the recipient hereof represents and warrants that he is entitled to receive such report in
accordance with the restrictions set forth below and agrees to be bound by the limitations contained herein. Any failure to comply with these limitations may
constitute a violation of law.
This report is strictly confidential and is for private circulation only to clients of BOCOM International Securities Ltd. This report is being supplied to you strictly on
the basis that it will remain confidential. No part of this report may be (i) copied, photocopied, duplicated, stored or reproduced in any form by any means or (ii)
redistributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person in whole or in part, for any purpose without the prior written consent of BOCOM
International Securities Ltd.
BOCOM International Securities Ltd, its affiliates and related companies, their directors, associates, connected parties and/or employees may own or have positions in
securities of the company(ies) covered in this report or any securities related thereto and may from time to time add to or dispose of, or may be interested in, any such
securities. Further, BOCOM International Securities Ltd, its affiliates and its related companies may do and seek to do business with the company(ies) covered in this
report and may from time to time act as market maker or have assumed an underwriting commitment in securities of such company(ies), may sell them to or buy
them from customers on a principal basis and may also perform or seek to perform investment banking, advisory, underwriting, financing or other services for or
relating to such company(ies) as well as solicit such investment, advisory, financing or other services from any entity mentioned in this report. In reviewing this report,
an investor should be aware that any or all of the foregoing, among other things, may give rise to real or potential conflicts of interest.
The information contained in this report is prepared from data and sources believed to be correct and reliable at the time of issue of this report. This report does
not purport to contain all the information that a prospective investor may require and may be subject to late delivery, interruption and interception. BOCOM
International Securities Ltd does not make any guarantee, representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the adequacy, accuracy, completeness, reliability
or fairness of any such information and opinion contained in this report and accordingly, neither BOCOM International Securities Ltd nor any of its affiliates nor its
related persons shall be liable in any manner whatsoever for any consequences (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of
profits and damages) of any reliance thereon or usage thereof.
This report is general in nature and has been prepared for information purposes only. It is intended for circulation amongst BOCOM International Securities Ltd's
clients generally and does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person who may
receive this report. The information and opinions in this report are not and should not be construed or considered as an offer, recommendation or solicitation to
buy or sell the subject securities, related investments or other financial instruments thereof.
The views, recommendations, advice and opinions in this report may not necessarily reflect those of BOCOM International Securities Ltd or any of its affiliates,
and are subject to change without notice. BOCOM International Securities Ltd has no obligation to update its opinion or the information in this report.
Investors are advised to make their own independent evaluation of the information contained in this research report, consider their own individual investment
objectives, financial situation and particular needs and consult their own professional and financial advisers as to the legal, business, financial, tax and other
aspects before participating in any transaction in respect of the securities of company(ies) covered in this report. The securities of such company(ies) may not be
eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to all categories of investors.
This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, state, country
or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to any law, regulation, rule or other registration or licensing
requirement.
BOCOM International Securities Ltd is a subsidiary of Bank of Communications Co Ltd.