The Chinese medicine (000963), the pharmaceutical biology, is performing as expected, and high-intensity R & D investment is shifting to innovation.
Summary of performance: Companies achieved business income of $27.830 billion throughout the year 2017, i.e. +9.7% of the year; parented net profit. US-China financed 100-percent production batches and Lilalupe clinical batches. Performance was largely as expected, with a two-vote system affecting business, but industry maintained a rapid growth rate.
The profit and the non-mortality net profit increases were +23 per cent and +23.3 per cent, respectively, largely in line with expectations.
Better growth, as expected. We expect the core product to be about 15%, Acapo, 25-30%, which is expected to be a heavy weight product of more than 2 billion degrees, immunosuppressive lines combined, blood plate condensation inhibitor buffen as the exclusive, superantibiotic datomoxin, Dixie.
In addition to the anti-cancer drugs and immunostatic regulators, 100% of the capsule classification has been transferred from the oncological aid to the gas-blood double supplement, with no restrictions: Acapo sugar is removed from the acetylene: cyclotoxin, takmos, and zirconone. We expect the pharmaceutical industry to continue at a 20-25% increase in 2018.
High growth in R & D inputs and implementation of the internationalization and innovation transformation development strategy: Under the corporate R & D investment 4.6 in 2017, a broad strategy to accelerate the transition from generic to innovative models of research and development, R & D expenditure is projected to be equal to the one type of innovation medicine introduced or granted to China from the European and American countries in 2018; 3) there are 2-3 formulations per year
International registration: 4) at least one major pharmaceutical technology or one major technical equipment per year:
(b) Compared with traditional sugars, glp-1 not only promotes insulin secretion, but also suppresses beta cell failure, slows stomach emptiness and reduces food intake through inhibition.
The first three clinical studies showed a significant reduction in body weight, with sales of Lilalu's dietary ailments exceeding $400 million in 2017, an increase of 62% compared to the same year. Given the low number of domestic competitions and the huge market for diets, and the company's marketing and promotion capacity, we believe that the varieties are either adaptive or over-adhesive.
Two billion dollars. The company’s product ladders have been further strengthened, with a strong medium- and long-term growth momentum.
The potential for potency is clear, and companies are moving from imitation to innovation networks, through self-researching and the introduction of constantly folding of innovative products, and companies are growing up with a high degree of certainty and belonging to sugar urinary disease, self-immunisation, kidneys and super-antibiotic space, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Four years of tenure, full-time tenure, receptor agonists, diabetic products, four years of medicine (000963); industrial income increases are commensurate with the rate of growth.
It is expected that two major varieties will be listed at a faster pace: Chinese medicine (000963); performance growth is as expected; Chinese medicine (000963); licensed heavy product Lila
Lu Peng, who built the 5 billion-dollar diabetes product line, has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.