The q4 transfer loss has led to a decline in business speed.
In the fourth quarter of Xu Wangyang, $6381 million was collected, a decline of 1.22 per cent over the same period; the transfer operations in the company's commercial section (about 20 per cent of business income) were officially carried out as a result of the loss of shareholders belonging to the parent company.
At the same time, the company announced a profit distribution plan for 2017, finding a gold dividend of $7.2 (including taxes) for every 10 shares of all shareholders, and a transfer of 5 shares per 10 shares of all shareholders from the capital pool.
The pharmaceutical industry generated $6,642 million, an increase of 17.70 per cent, up to 23.86 per cent, and Māori increased the industry share, raising the overall Māori rate and net interest rates from year to year.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and the rate of increase in net profits of the parent
1. The pharmaceutical industry: 100 million capsules, Acapo sugars and two-line varieties have risen rapidly, and the company, China and the United States, has achieved 6.613 billion yuan in operating income and a net profit of 1,336 billion yuan, representing an increase of 21.72 per cent and 21.57 per cent, respectively. The core product, the Nucleus capsules and the Acapo card, have both become heavy pounds of $2 billion.
Corporate industrial goals: By 2020, US-China-East Industries will have achieved a target of 10 billion dollars in 2020 and a target of 100 billion dollars in 2025 for the sale of a series of diabetic products dominated by Carboping.
The kidney failure and lung fibrosis were adjusted to be a “gas blood double supplement”, free from the use of assistive drugs, and 100% of the capsules would be widely used in other departments. In 2017, the sales of medicine terminals in the country grew by 7.6% over the same period, with public hospitals accounting for 68%, with the highest market share, but affected by the ratio of controlled drugs in public hospitals and their elimination, with a 7.0% increase in the same rate; retail pharmacies accounted for only 7.0%.
For 22.6%, the share of public primary health care is 9.4%, up gradually from previous years, at 11.60%, the highest rate of growth in major terminals. Thus, the increase in the market at the grass-roots level is expected to reduce the impact of controlled acupunctures on 100% capsules.
In February 2017, a new version of the health insurance policy was published, with Acapo sugar rising from class B to category A, with a significant increase in reimbursement rates and a faster increase in the number of varieties. At the same time, the evaluation of the consistency of Acapo sugar products is progressing well, with the completion of the Be clinical study and the declaration phase, respectively.
The consistent assessment policy is expected to accelerate the process of import substitution (currently 66 per cent at the end of the public hospital and 29 per cent at the company level). Diabetes have increased at the grass-roots level from year to year. According to the distribution of diabetic drugs in the public health sector market in 2013-2016, the proportion of urban public hospitals has declined year to year, from 64.40 per cent in 2013 to 55.69 per cent in 2016, and the proportion of district public health care providers has gradually declined from 64.40 per cent in 2013 to 55.69 per cent in 2016.
The company has continued its marketing reforms in recent years. There are about 500 sales professionals at the Acapose base, with a comprehensive base covering most of the district hospitals. At the same time, the company is expanding its grass-roots marketing team, building its promotional channels, and in the future, Acapo sugar still has a lot of space at the grass-roots level and in the community, and sales are expected to grow rapidly.
This year, the growth in the number of schools and access to primary facilities is expected to reach more than 30 per cent.
Figure 5: Distribution of sugar sample hospitals in East Acapo, Central America. A concerted development of the immune inhibitor product line is expected to increase at an overall rate of 30%. There are more than a dozen drugs available in the domestic immunosuppressants market, and the city currently accounts for the top three drugs: Tacmos, McCorn esters and eptocin. The immune suppressants market is complete.
The market for immunosuppressants rose in 2017. The company’s share of the market for immunosuppressants rose. 2017 The capacitation provides a new point of growth, and his Kemos’ overseas certification is expected to open up international markets.
2. Increased research and development, with diabetic drugs at its core, increased stocking of varieties, achieved a total of two new drug production batches and six new drug clinical batches throughout the year. Research and marketing put in place a mechanism for secondary distribution of products. Eight products completed the preparation of bel samples, including the production of prescription pills.
Two new clinical prescriptions for diamonds and Darbalwan Star and its frozen dry powder needles, new specifications for liglicketone dimetrazepams (15,850 mg) McWalleni has completed an i-clinical trial and is currently developing three ii-clinic programmes: first-line, second-line, third-line and more than three-line, which are expected to be fully implemented in 2018;
hd 1182017 Obtained clinical clearances, clinical sample preparation is under way, and clinical trials are about to take place. Lilalu Pin Injecting Ids has now started a clinical drug substitution study, which is under way from the New East Pharmaceuticals Group's new production code from the Hondo Medicines Institute and from the Nine Sources Genetic Engineering Co. Ltd. in Hangzhou, where Lila Ru Pin adapts to his diet.
Soft oral fluids (for liver cancer assisted treatment) were submitted to the National Drug Control Service in 2017 for transfer and accepted and are currently undergoing a technical review by the Drug Review Centre.
More than 10 new product production authorizations: in the long term, (1) an annual effort to develop and develop two to three innovative drugs of the type; (2) an annual effort to introduce or receive one innovative drug of the type that gives China its rights and interests from the countries of Europe and the United States; (3) an annual international register of two to three formulations; (4) a minimum of quotations per year
A major pharmaceutical technology or a major technical equipment.3 Pharmaceutical commerce: redeployment of business impact largely eliminated, benefits from a two-vote concentration increased, company pharmaceutical commerce led (about 20 per cent) in Zhejiang province, and regional subsidiaries or offices have been established in all municipalities of the province.
A province-wide logistics distribution system, supported by two major modern logistics centres in Zhebei and Zhenan Wenzhou, with a total warehouse area of 118,000 square metres, has been established, with logistics from the regions of Lake State, Shashing, Ningbo, and Lei Shui. The company’s redeployment has an impact of more than $1 billion, but mainly on the revenue side, with a smaller profit side impact.
In 2017, an equity acquisition was completed for two businesses in circulation, namely, Chaosan and Tsaisan Medicines, and the establishment of Chinadong Medicines Co. Ltd. and Huadong Medicines Co. Ltd., which have been fully integrated into the company’s business network system and have enhanced the company’s market coverage and competitiveness in the Nakayama area. The subsidiary, China Dongningbo, has focused on innovation and specialization, and continues to do so.
In the field of medicine and health, the proxy imported beauty products, Yvonne, have continued to grow at a rapid pace, with increasing competition in the market, with sales exceeding $700 million in 2017. Roughness has reached $1 billion; with the exception of Hangzhou City, commercial activity averaged over 25% of the market in cities and cities across the province.
Figure 11: Net profits from the Ningbohua camp 4 - Strengthening marketing power and the potential for grass-roots layout - Supported by the adoption of a policy of tiltion, intensive efforts to market basic hospitals such as county hospitals and communities, upgrading of district hospitals and upgrading of local hospitals
Community hospitals account for more than 1,000 people in their operations and market contributions. Using the branding effect of 100 million products and therapeutics, a dedicated team has been set up to expand the national market for otc and self-funded patients. 19 new regions have been added throughout the year, 154 new extension departments (groups), a net increase of more than 1,000 personnel in the East pharmacology service in Central America, and a network of marketing of industrial products has been established in all provinces of the country's main large and medium-sized hospitals.
More than 4,000 promoters of industrial pharmaceutical services and academic marketing. 931 salesmen increased in 2017, with the overall goal of establishing, by the year 2020, a marketing eco-organization in China and the Middle East, capable of providing 10 billion sales, with nearly 6,000 people in all counties and above, with strong domestic competitiveness.
The goal is to reach the end of the market and reach 70% of the country’s district hospitals by 2020. We believe that the restructuring of the health-care catalogues and the bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company’s medicines, that the rich stock of varieties will provide the company with the potential to develop, and that the company, as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province, will bring about the commercial integration of medicines.
Thus, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. The first-line product of 100% capsules, Acapose sugar, etc., is less than expected; commercial integration is less than expected; second-line extension is less than expected; grass-roots access is less than expected; and R&D is less advanced than expected.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.