The new dpp-4 inhibitor was approved for clinical treatment, enriched with the diabetic pipe layout, and on 3 January, the company announced that the company's fully-owned subsidiary, China East, was studying dpp-4.
Medicines and tablets for Hd118 new drugs such as type diabetes, approved by the National Directorate for the Supervision of Food and Drugs, and approved by the Directorate-General for the Approval of Opinions and Medical Clinical Trials.dpp-4 new inhibitors have been approved for clinical treatment, and the domestic market for this type of product has benefited from an adjustment in the health insurance catalogue.
Basic data (2017q3) hd118 is a dpp-4 inhibitor, reducing the decomposition of intestinal insulin such as glp-1 by disrupting the dpp-4 enzyme.
Repressants include mainly Sigretine, Vigletine, Shagletine, Ligretine, Agletine, etc. Global market sales in 2016 were approximately 63.8 billion yuan, the second largest class of mellitus after insulin in the field; however, the domestic market for diabetic drugs dpp-4 was reduced.
The share of pharmaceutical preparations is still small, with the new version of the National Health Insurance Directory 2017 integrating Sigletin, Wigge, major shareholders (2017 q3) Lendine, Shagletine, Ligletine, Agritine into Healthcare Group B, benefiting dpp-4
As a result of the rapid release of inhibitor products on the domestic market, and by reference to the good example of the product in the global market, it is expected that the domestic market share of the product will gradually increase.
In 2017, the company introduced several heavy-pound products, such as Li La Rupe and ttp 273, in the east of Central America. It has now developed a series of medications in the field of diabetes treatment, dominated by Acapo sugar, and has been actively developing innovative drugs based on generic drugs for the treatment of diabetes and its effects.
There are more than 20 types of drugs for complications, mainly Hd118 (dpp-4 type of new drug), Kaglé net, tragletin, delta insulin, Mentun insulin, delta insulin, thunderball, etc., which initially result in full coverage of the clinically dominant drugs for diabetes. In our view, the company is deep.
Three Quarterly Review of Medicines (000963), 2017: Industry, Diabetes Market, which will continue to grow faster as research products continue to be blinded and corporate diabetic skills are largely in line with expectations.
The local distribution channels are expected to lead to faster growth in corporate performance. — 25 October 2017, Chinese Medicine (000963), mid-2017: Industry
(c) Product R & D is not as fast as expected; and product certification abroad is not as fast as expected
The company ' s priority products have benefited from long-term health-care catalogue adjustments, while the company has been active in expanding its marketing channels, including through the expansion of its desks and the otc market, and is expected to maintain a faster rate of sales in the coming years; 2) the company has multiple heavy-pound stocks of products, and the Lilalu injection fluid is currently in its first phase
Clinical research, Mywalyani has conducted ib/iia clinical trials, while actively expanding priority products. Overseas certification, which is expected to provide a sustained boost to the company ' s pharmaceutical industry operations, is expected to: 3) The company is a leading pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang province, with commercial networks and deep seepage covering Zhejiang province.
A network of grass-roots end-markets has completed this year's M & A for Choshanchang, Tsaishan Tsai, and further enhancement of terminal coverage is expected to boost the market in the context of the "two votes" system.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.