Drexey is the leading electronics market in the country: the company's predecessor is the China-German joint venture, Destiny 2010.
The company’s main business is car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers, driving information displays (total 90% +), and its clients are domestic front-line joint brands and autonomous brands, including the Great Wall Cars, the Volkswagen, the Long-Ammadella Group, the Upper Air General, etc.
Five clients earn 60%. In the domestic industry, companies have the advantage of leading R & D inputs, collecting large revenues, full customer coverage, and a high proportion of front-loading operations (99%).
In Hyeju, Nanjing, Chengdu, and New Billion Dollars (+30% of the same year), R&D expenditure accounts for 10% of income (+3 pct).
Deep-farming smart driving lanes, new products are gradually being produced: 1) New customers are being introduced to new models and sales abroad continue to rise. Companies insist on a “local internationalization” strategy, establishing subsidiaries in Japan, Europe, Singapore, etc., to open their markets abroad, and now their overseas customers include Maduda, Volvo, Caterpillar, etc.
In Japan, the company is gradually moving into the Toyota system of suppliers. (2) The company has developed a staircase in favour of smart cars, adjusting its operations to three modules: smart cockpit, smart driver, and car network, all of which are in the early stages of production or are about to be produced.
The system, the fully automated parking system, has been produced. 24g mm wave radar will be produced in the year, and 77g mm Bore da is expected to be produced in the year. Smart cockpit and car network v2x have been ordered for the project. 3) Annual volume production. With the order landing, performance is expected to return to the growth track next year.
Deep report from Dessahway, the publicist guangzhenghangseng.
(a) Desaiway: Leader of the electronics market in the domestic car compartments: Company 1.1 Profile: Internationalized from China and the South to local enterprises, which still retain the international character Domestic Automobile e-heads, which focus on high-quality e-solutions for the cabins. Desaiway Motors Electronics Ltd. is located in the wide area.
The City of Huixiang, Province of East China, is the top and leading motor electronics enterprise in the country, with its main business being the Carborne Information and Recreation System, the Driving Information Display System, and the Smart Driving Support System. The company insists on providing its customers with innovative, intelligent, competitive automotive sub-products and services to meet the multifaceted needs of domestic and foreign automobile manufacturers, and has for many years been named a "good supplier" by a number of customers.
In the 1980’s, they settled in Huezhou as joint ventures, and in 2010 they changed from a small- and medium-sized joint venture to a local one. Desai Weiwei was founded in 1986 by Philips, Hong Kong’s Golden Hills, and Huezhou City Industrial Development Corporation (the predecessor of the Texas Group), which initially focused on the production of car sound systems and, following the 1992 South Tour, came up with the van that occupied the country’s sound front and rear markets.
In 1998, Manes Manwedio, Germany, entered the main Philips car sound system. In 2001, the European Union approved the acquisition by Siemens of Mannes Manwedi O's merger, establishing Siemens Wiedeo Motors Electronics, and a year later, Central European Electronics Industries Ltd. was renamed Siemens Wiedeo Motors Electronics Co. Ltd., with 30% and 70% shares in companies held by Desai Group and Siemens Wiedeo, respectively.
The group successfully acquired 70% of its foreign holdings, and the company was officially renamed Desaitti Motors Co. Ltd. in Huezhou City, with the name retaining both the Desai Group (desay) and the internationalization of Siemensvdo, preserving the rigorous genes of internationalized enterprises. Over the past few years, companies have developed in a cross-cutting manner, with significant improvements in performance, profitability, and accumulation of advanced technology.
On 26 December, De Cécile was officially listed on the central board of the convocation and the company's development entered a new phase. 1.2 Equity structure: the City of Huezhou State Finance Committee is the real controller, the stock structure is relatively centralized. The company is actually in control of the City of Hue State State State Treasury Board, and the current chairman of the board has a stronger influence over the company.
58.30% of the shares in Desai Industries, 51% of which are held by the State Finance Committee of Hyezhou City, are in the hands of the company, which currently holds a total of 45.23% of the shares of the company. Wiingsin, Weyingde, Weyongjie, Weyongchang, Weyingsin are all investment advisory partnerships established in Hue County, holding 2.31%, 6.20%, 4.89%, 2.90% and 2.31% of the shares (total holding 19.43%), respectively, for employees.
The company’s current chairman, Chen Chun-hsing, is a Singaporean and was assigned to mainland China in 1998 by Mannes Manwedio, Germany, as Managing Director of Siemens Wiedeo Motors Electronics (Heju) Ltd., as Managing Director and Chairman of the Corporation since 2008, and as Chairman of the Tesai Group’s full-time acquisition company in 2010, he still holds 2.33% of the company’s shares.
The management team, strategic operations, and business development in Desaiway have a full impact. The company has a unified, highly centralized equity structure, strong executive power and speed of decision-making that can quickly adapt to changes in the industry and make strategic adjustments in a short period of time.
1.3 Operational layout: Focus on the electronics market for the car cabins, a robust layout for beach-breaking smart driving Carborne Information and Entertainment System operations remain strong and time-sensitive and fast-tracked smart driving markets. The company’s current operations can be broken down into five main modules: Carborne Information and Recreation System, Carborne Air Condition Control, Driving Information Display System, Display Models and Systems, and Smart Driving Support System.
In recent years, driven by a wave of autopilot technology, both domestic and international, Dessehway has responded rapidly to industry trends, with a focus on three major business sections: cockpit, smart drive, car network, and a cluster of related operations that absorbs advanced technology from home and abroad through mergers and acquisitions.
Increased investment in research and development to complete the “smart” strategy by 2025. The company’s main business can be broken down into five modules, with a vehicle-borne information and entertainment system as the core business.
From 2013 to 2017, the three major businesses contributed more than 90% of the company ' s operating income, with vehicle-borne information systems and car-borne entertainment systems contributing 80-90% of the company ' s operating income. According to the 2018 report, car-borne entertainment received 64% of the revenue and vehicle-borne information systems 20% of the revenue. Car-borne air conditioning accounted for 7% of the revenue, a slight decline from the previous two years.
The trend is deepening, with company driving information showing a marked increase in the system’s share of revenue, reaching 5% in 2018, compared to previous years, where the company is mainly involved in the electronic front of the cabin. The forward business is distinguished from the concept of the back-loading business, which refers to the design of vehicle-borne electronics that meet the requirements of the automobile-producing enterprise according to the specifications of the vehicle-type.
More than 99% of the business income in Desai Weiwei comes from front-loading, with less revenue from the back-loading market, and will shrink further as the automobile industry becomes more intelligent, and the future size of the back-loading business will shrink.
Largely, the company achieved rapid performance growth, with operating income rising rapidly from 1.776 billion yuan in 13 years to 6.010 billion yuan in 17 years, with complex growth peaks. In 2018, as a result of multiple negative factors, such as the macroeconomic downturn, trade friction between the United States and the United States, the withdrawal of vehicle purchase taxes, and the fall of new energy subsidies, the country’s vehicle market was less favourable than expected, with the first negative annual growth in production and sales, resulting in general pressure on auto parts and components enterprises.
Māori net profits have remained high and corporate cost rates have generally been declining. Over the past five years, the company sales rate has remained stable at 25% left and is at a high and normal level in the industry, mainly as a result of higher Māori rates in vehicle-borne information systems (which have remained at around 35% in recent years); and net interest rates on sales have risen from 6.30% in 14 years to 10.25% in 17 years, mainly as a result of lower corporate costs.
Research and development of new technologies, the main component of which is the remuneration of research and development personnel. In 2018, the country’s automobile industry was under pressure, companies continued to increase their investment in research and development, and new technologies, such as intelligent driving, smart cockpit, and car networking, grew.
Long-term business development, to overcome short-term pressures, to ensure that companies keep up with industry, stay firm, and develop better and more continuously.
The company's main business is the Carborne Information Recreation System, the Carborne Air Condition Control System and the Driving Information Display System. Carborne Information Recreation System, also known as Cars, is an important channel for information communication between people and cars. The original CarLink System is mainly played with cd, dvd, etc.
Car-borne air-conditioning controllers use excellent comfort control algorithms, auto-moderating temperature, air distribution, ventilation, etc., with the aim of providing the driver with a comfortable interior environment. The driving information display system refers mainly to vehicle meters, and future trends are full liquid crystal meters and more sophisticated combination instrument systems.
Figure 14. Carborne information and entertainment systems, air conditioning controllers and driving information displaying a high level of business ownership between 30 and 35%, with the highest Māori rate in all company operations, significantly higher than the Māori rate of 23-25% overall. With the expansion of company size and the increase in revenue from year to year, the economies of scale of car-borne entertainment systems are beginning to be highlighted, with Māori rates rising year to year.
In 2018, 23.75% was the second highest value in all of the company’s business. It can be expected that, over the next five years, the Carborne Information and Recreation System will remain the company’s main source of assurance that the company will be able to make reasonable use of the economies of scale of the Carborne Information and Recreation System, continue to scale up the production of Carborne Information System, further raise the issue of high-market ownership, and provide high-morigin assurance of performance over the next few years.
Figure 16. Trends in Māori rates across the company’s business portfolios 2.2 The leading head of the domestic Carborne Information and Recreation System, with a strong build-up of pre-loaded businesses, is dominated by the old international giants.
These firms have a strong R & D capacity and built-in growth power, and are capable of acquiring core technology gradually through mergers and acquisitions, and are able to maintain a high market share over the long term. Their main clients include BMW, Odys, Mercedes, Toyota, and other international brands, with strong geographical features, such as Bo’s major European market, and Weibo’s major American market.
In comparison with the components and electronics taps, Desai Siwei is clearly smaller in size, and research and development spending is far less than that of the giants. Proactive international champions, such as the mainland, and Weisenton, are actively focusing on the electronic and intelligent driving of the cabins, acquiring advanced technology from abroad through mergers and acquisitions, which is the future of Desai Si Weiwei, where the main electronics industry base is located in the Pearl Triangle.
From 2015 to 2017, all three companies, namely, the Huayang Group, the Somni Group, and the Lufang Technology Group, were listed, which coincides with the time of Desai Siwei, and whose main business is essentially the same as the company’s most direct competitors. The China Gang, good helpers, and Flying Song have not yet entered the market.
The main business is slightly different from the company, but there is also a direct competitive relationship in some of its operations, which, since the acquisition of Prey in Germany in 2012, have successfully entered the electronics area of automobiles, achieved a rapid growth in revenue collection, and made it available on the market in 2014. The company is one of the strong competitors that needs attention.
Since then, with the company’s supply-car fleet and the increase in the number of customers, the company’s operating income has been anti-Suhuayang and has held a leading position in the industry for the next three years. Soli’s shares have grown faster in recent years, and have outpaced the flow of technology, but still lags far behind the company. Given that China’s preloading share is much higher than that of its competitors.
A car electronics manufacturer sells the vehicle electronics equipment to the car manufacturer on the basis of certification by the car manufacturer and directly installs or distributes it to the car as part of the car and sells it to the car user; the back-loading market is mainly where the car user buys the car and then buys the electronic equipment to the car itself. As the concept of intelligent driving becomes more widespread,
The advantage of the back-loading business has gradually disappeared, the front-loading market has accelerated, and the back-loading of the back-loading enterprise will become the mainstream of modern-day car electronics. Compared to companies that started out in the back-loading market, such as the Huayang Group, Soni, Roadshow, etc., the pre-dressing of Desai Weiwei, which accounts for more than 99% of the business’s revenue, is much higher than that of their competitors in the industry (the Huayang group is about 70%, Soli’s shares, and smooth technology).
It helps companies to maintain high-market power over the long term and to maintain a strong domestic niche. 2.3 Traditional business customers are highly stable, insist on overseas outreach to new customers, maintain a high quality of clients, and have a wide range of traditional product clients working together, with new client groups emerging.
Domestic clients who have established long-term contacts, such as the Great Wall Car, the Volkswagen, the Long-Ammad, the Volkswagen Group, the Volkswagen General Mitsubishi, the Upper Air General and the Chirre Motors, among others, have been welcomed by a number of autonomous or joint ventures in the country and have been stable at around 60% of total operating income for nearly two years ago, reflecting a strong and sustained partnership between large clients and companies.
The Division has begun to infiltrate new products to its original clients, such as the company, which in 2018 acquired new project orders from its clients, such as Chang An, Volkswagen, Gilly, Biadi, covering new products such as smart cockpits, LCD instruments, car network v2x. The quality of the products and services also helped the company to develop a range of new customers, such as the company, which in 17 years acquired new orders from Volvo, East Wind, Biade, and after 18 years from the company and the Jili car.
In addition, the company has worked with cars, cars, homes, and cars like pelicans to create new energy vehicles.
♪ Up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
Dragon's car. It's all for Mitsubishi. It's all for the East Wind.
Hiroshima Honda, a limo, a Great Wall car.
The car, the car, the car, the car, the Cherie.
The Seamar, the Gilly, the Lotte.
East windmills, southeast cars, Beijing cars.
The car, the car, the car, the house.
The car's in the car.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Nevs avtovaz customers run the domestic coach electronics company, and the product is imported into the car.
In comparison with technology, companies cover a wider range of vehicles, and the suppliers are now moving toward medium-to-high-end brands. Broad traffic transfer of gs4 is a priority for the public sector in 2015, and the company now covers all of the gs4.
Figure 25. Important customers of company traditional products and the type of vehicles supplied (2016) Overseas markets are in the forefront domestically, driven by a strategy of “local internationalization.” Formerly, foreign brands and joint brands were dominated by foreign giants.
Business penetration, more joint venture brands are starting to choose national products, and the possibility of domestic cabin electronics contracting abroad is increasing. Driven by a “domesticization” strategy, Desai Weiwei has fully-owned subsidiaries or Sun companies in Japan, Germany, and Singapore.
In addition to this, Malaysia, Volvo, Popular Group, Caterpillar, and other heavy-weight companies abroad are in the company’s supply range.
In its hands, Lustok technology has established partnerships with foreign car factories such as the Botten Factory in Malaysia, the Toyota Factory in Pakistan, the Honda Car Factory, etc.; the overseas operations of the Huayang Group are concentrated mainly in the rear-loading business, with customers including zero-component manufacturers such as Pioneer, Claronon, Blaupunkt (Blue Treasure), and the ex-carrying industry has not yet reached the point. Soli shares are mainly supplied to autonomous and joint-venture models, with overseas expansion.
Figure 27. Corporate internationalization strategy, with branches in Japan, Germany and Singapore, 3. Smart cars are the direction of corporate business transformation. 3.1 Industrial change is booming, and smart cars are the strategic direction for the development of the global automobile industry.
Smart cars, also known as smartwire cars, autopilots, unmanned cars, etc., are the new generation of vehicles that move gradually from simple means of transport to intelligent mobile spaces, using new technologies such as information communications, the Internet, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc.
Transport is transformed into a smart mobile space with mobile office functions, mobile homes, recreation, digital consumption, etc., and is known as the third scene of human life after the end of a home and office. As intelligent cars become more widely available, the road congestion, energy consumption, environmental pollution and so on will be addressed in depth.
Figure 28. Smart car driving maps. Multi-country governments strongly support the smart car industry. As the leading country in autopilot, the United States now has four states in California, Arizona, Texas and Ohio that allow autopilot public road testing, with California freeing up "no pilot."
Application for Auto-Driving Road Survey and Auto-Driving Passenger Tests; Government of Japan, in the Government's Strategic Assessment Report, states that Japan has been testing auto-driving technologies on open roads since 2018 and plans to introduce auto-driving services at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and try to commercialize auto-driving by 2022; the UK Department of Transport released a report on 19 March this year, which states that by 2035 UK smart-net cars and self-driving cars are expected to be available in Japan.
Other governments have not failed to support the development of smart cars, and smart cars have become a necessity for a new round of industry. We attach great importance to the development of the smart car industry, and we have launched a “three-step” strategy for the future development of smart cars.
Policies to promote the development of the smart car and automobile electronics sector. In January 2018, the CDRC launched the Strategy for the Development of Smart Automobile Innovation (the Request for Comments), the first policy document to be issued at the national level in the area of smart automobiles, which details the strategic dynamics, strategic significance, strategic mission and implementation path for the development of smart cars in the country, and proposes a three-step strategy for the development of smart cars, which will be fully in place by 2025.
Technological innovation in smart cars, industrial ecology, road network facilities, regulatory standards, product regulation and information security systems.
The company rapidly deploys its “smart” strategy, as local company tier1 firms are aware. With a combination of smart car booms and domestic policy-driven smart car operations, the country’s domestic fleet of smart car businesses is fast-tracked by upstream tierl car electronics, and Internet giants such as 100 degrees, Ali, Steams, etc., hold sufficient cash flows and strong technological development to pre-empt the industry in terms of intelligent driving.
Fast-tracking of the “smart” strategy, realigning the business group to three major sections: smart cockpit, smart driving, and car networking, and developing a balance-to-smart car industry that is heavily tilted. Companies used to do information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, etc., and now integrate modules through one system, which is the smart cockpit; and second, in smart driving, companies are deployed, investing in the development of class 14 autopilot technology in Singapore.
Teams; also CarNet, the company set up the CarWeb module in 2018. Chart 32. Corporate Smart Drivers Road Maps Continuously upgrade software development capabilities and invest heavily in big data, depth learning, sensors and superprocessors.
Over the next 10 years, multiple product lines, multiple scene combinations of weak artificial intelligence, and powerful workforces in specific contexts.
3.2.1 The smart cockpit is the logo for the future smart network car. The smart cockpit is a complete system integrated with different cabins of electronic software and hardware with functional features such as multiple screen combinations, human interaction, smart control and digital displays.
The potential value of a cabin's electronics has been weakened by the main scene of human interaction. As the process of electronicization of cars has accelerated and the endpoints represented by a car-borne information and entertainment system have rapidly emerged, the application of a human-car interactive scene has gradually been realized. In the future, as intelligent cars have become the mainstream of the times, a more integrated and fully functional smart module package will certainly be assigned to intelligent cars. The electronic components currently involved in an intelligent cockpit include full liquid crystals.
Tables, LCD screens, head-up displays of hud, stream media rear-view mirrors, back-seat entertainment systems, car connections, etc. LCD tables are the two most important hubs, the first being the core entrance to human vehicle interaction and a prerequisite for other vehicle-borne functions, and the second will replace the traditional pointer displays, carrying complex information compatible with smart driving systems.
Figure 35. Smart cockpit composition, LCD, Carborne Information Recreation System
Car Networking Module Showup Up Hud Backside Information Recreation System
In recent years, in order to enhance the competitiveness of different models, luxury car companies have begun to try to fit smart drivers in the entry pattern.
The smart cockpit subsystem, which is represented by LCD control, LCD meters, is starting to penetrate from a high-end to an entry vehicle. The entire car manufacturer in the country is also following up quickly, and now the autonomous brand and the joint venture brand have access to the smart cockpit product.
There are significant differences in the penetration rates of different parts of the smart cockpit. Based on the configuration of parameters such as car homes, Pacific Carnets, etc., it is estimated that the country currently has an extremely low proportion of passenger cars equipped with a full smart cabin. The headline shows less than 6% penetration of the Hud and only 1% penetration of the rear liquid crystal screen. By contrast, the LCD screen has almost 80% penetration in the country ' s passenger car market, and about 12% penetration of the full LCD dashboard.
There are significant differences in penetration rates for soft and hard components, indicating that the main electronic components of the cabin are still being procured separately for the main mainframe plant at this stage, with both the pre-package and the back-loading markets. The future trend is a full-car-level system, with the best benefits for those who are able to provide system-level products.
With a shrinking pace, the smart cockpit system at the full-car level will quickly take over the front-loading market, and the amount of electronic bicycles in the cabin will increase significantly. The Tierl manufacturer, which specializes in motor power, car-borne information and entertainment systems, will be an important driver of this change, because the big screen information and entertainment system solution that is available is one of the core components of the smart cockpit. As the structure of the industry changes and the intellectualization of the industry deepens, the whole car manufacturer will require it.
The supplier provides a more complete smart cockpit solution, which will benefit first of all the Tier1 manufacturers who will be able to provide a full smart cockpit system. 3.2.3 The company has obtained an Oem project order, locks in a line of autonomous brand clients.
The music system is currently a LCD-controlled product, and the company’s high-market presence in the electronics market is an important competitiveness in the company’s layout of the smart cockpit. The LCD screen is currently supplied mainly by vehicles like Jili.
The smart cockpit has been ordered several items, and will be customized to product trends. While LCD control and LCD instruments have been produced, the company insists on research and development, using the whole car system as a starting point for project development. In 2018, the company acquired four-screen two-system smart driving of vehicles and home.
In December, the company won the "Governor's Cup" of Industrial Designs. In addition, the company was awarded the "Governor's Cup" and the "Air Cricket" car.
New orders for smart cockpit projects, such as cars, are expected to start in 2019. Because intelligent cockpit penetration remains low, there is a more pronounced trend towards customization, and competitive firms have the capacity to produce multi-frequency, small-volume softening production to move closer to customers and markets.
Figure 40. The new generation of smart cockpits, published by company in 2018, is highly competitive, and companies are in the forefront of domestic rivals. In the light of the trend towards car intelligence and networking, the global tier 1 giant, represented by the Bo World, already has a profile for smart cockpits.
It shows an autonomously developed smart cockpit, and a partnership has been established with a number of luxury car companies to build a moat in the field of smart cockpits. But the domestic Tier1 manufacturer, represented by Desaiway, still has the opportunity to take over the domestic market at a cost of money and dig deep into the overseas market.
The company, which is in a faster position in the smart cockpit, is now in the forefront of the competition, but its advantages are not significant. Figure 41. Competing competitors in the company are competing for a smart cockpit.
3.3 Smart driving: The future of the car market is a necessity for 3.3.1 Global Big Bangs to autopilot, and systems above the level of 1.3 are already on the market. Global intelligent driving technology development is in its initial stages.
Cars are classified from low to high levels in a range of 11-l5 grades (sometimes considered to contain zero, i.e., no autopilot). In the narrow sense, autopilots are at the level of 15, and in this ideal scenario, autopilots do not require human drivers, nor steering wheels, and can be controlled freely by human language and gestures. The various types of driving assistive technologies used in the transition between 000 and l5 can be classified as adas, or advanced driving.
Accompaniment systems (advanceddridingassistantsystem). Smart cars at the level of 1-l2 are now capable of yielding volumes, and major car manufacturers and research and development teams are working on research and development on products above the level of 3.
Autopilot has already been achieved at the level of 193 and has now been introduced at the level of OL4 concept car elaine, the level of LF concept car aicon, etc.; universal announcement of the launch of the unmanned car cruiseav in 2019, leading directly to unmanned driving at the level of l5; Ford plans to open up the first unmanned vehicle manufacture at a suburb of Detroit by the end of 2020 and to announce the direct sale of fully automated vehicles in 2021; Honda announces that it will be in 2020
Year after year ' s launch of class 13 with class 1 4 autopilots in 2025; the public has conducted 3,000 miles of autopilot tests in the United States and announced that it will produce class 1 3-l4 autopilots by around 2021. With the impetus of the smart driving boom, the world ' s Tier1 giants, including the giants of the electricity industry and spare parts, are almost entirely following up and investing in research and development expenditures.
Driveautopilot, an autopilot technology that is about to be produced, and announced this year that a partnership will be established in Toyota, and the new autopilot system, such as Drivecore, was displayed at the Ces show last year.
Depending on the components and function, the autopilot system is divided into three levels: the sensor layer, the decision-making layer, and the executive layer. The sensor layer owner is responsible for the in-car information and the collection and processing of the environmental information around the vehicle, usually by various sensors, representing cameras and radars. The decision-making layer relies on the information obtained from the sensor for decision-making purposes, defining the work model, developing the control strategy, and transmitting the decision-making results.
At the executive level, the task is typically performed by a chip. The decision-making level is primarily based on decisions made at the decision-making level, replacing human control of vehicles, feedback, to the bottom module, where representative products are turned to brakes, automatic parking, etc. The company’s layout in the product market is concentrated on the sensor layer and the enforcement layer, and the development of the chip in the decision-making layer is largely based on external procurement, among which the leading chip suppliers are Weida, nxp, etc.
Carborne radars are divided into ultrasound radars, millimetre wave radars, and laser radars. The most expensive and yielding ones are currently millimetre-wave radars, which are the main sensors of the adas system, have a very high penetration rate and a long detection distance, and are able to remain inert in the fog weather. millimetre-wave radars are divided into 24ghz, 77ghz, 79ghz, depending on frequency.
The global market for millimetre-wave radars is dominated by giants such as the World, the mainland, the electric suit, the Haila, and the Fuston sky, with more than 20% of the cities in Bosch and the mainland, and the city of Hira 24ghz radar, which is the world’s largest, with 77 ghz-mm-wave radar technology in hand almost a few years ago.
Sunshine Group, Lustong Technology, Paulon Technology, Chinese Motors, Asia-Pacific shares, etc., among which Paul Technology and Chinese Motors are accelerating the development of 77 ghz products, 24 ghz Backward millimetre Wave Radar has been delivered in bulk, and 77 ghz millimetre Boray Da, an Asia-Pacific shareholding, is now on the way. The company's autonomous research and development team has been working on millimetre Wave Radar, and 24 ghz millimetre Wave Radar production lines have been set up.
The 77 ghz mm wave radar is currently under development and is expected to be produced in real terms this year. Overall, the company ' s millimetre wave radar layout is at the forefront of the domestic industry.
The company has achieved a high-quality camera and a high-visibility system. Car-borne cameras consist mainly of internal video cameras, rear-vision cameras, front-vision cameras, side-vision cameras and round-view cameras, and so on. The back-view cameras are now mainly used for reverse images, with higher market penetration rates, while the 360-degree full-view system, which is made up of round-view cameras and other cameras, has low penetration rates, based on data from the configuration of car homes and the Pacific Car Network.
As the automobile industry becomes more intelligent, the performance and clarity of the vehicle-mounted cameras are more demanding in such contexts as autopilot, automatic parking, emergency brakes, etc. The company now has a number of autonomous lined, high-definition camera production, and is capable of producing them autonomously. The high-definition camera and high-resolution loop system have already been the first to produce in the country, mainly to supply vehicles such as Gilly and Chirre.
In addition to the layouts of auto electro-tier1 manufacturers, such as Desaicway, Huayang Group, Lustok Technologies, and the 360-degree optics system, optical manufacturers, represented by Sunwoo Optics, Ophelia, Coaltai, Soccer Electronics, and Crystal Technologies, have rapidly cut into the car-carcam market. In addition, Zhejiang Sunwoo Optics has completed the development of 8 million pixels last year, and has obtained a number of international cameras.
In the past year, Ophelia, which used to operate primarily on smart phones, flat-board micro-camera models, has also made available bulk quantities of vehicle-borne cameras, 360-degree spectroscopes, etc. The company’s strength is in the application of the system, not in the construction of the camera.
The company's fully automated parking system has been produced this year. Automatic parking is a class 1-2 product for smart drivers. The technology for automatic parking access has been significantly reduced on the basis of the volume of millimetre wave radars, high-definition cameras and spectrometers.
A fully automated parking system, developed by the company itself, was produced in June of this year, accompanied by a high-matching car of Gillis. Although international giants such as Boshi and the mainland have a strong position in the automatic parking market, the company is able to cut a portion of the market’s share through its domestic customers.
Figure 48. Teslamodels Automated Parking Computer Demonstration Figure 47. Full automated Parking System Performance Diagram 3.3.3 Actively engages in adas layout to win in partnership with the Internet giants
In recent years, the company has gradually formed and expanded its research and development team, with strategic collaboration with the Singapore Nanyang University of Technology, and has established autopilot research and development teams in Singapore, Nanjing, and Huezhou. The Department has invested resources in the areas of perception, decision-making, and control, and the areas of adas technology that involve research and development, in addition to automatic parking, include car lane maintenance, etc.
Pre-crash alerts, automatic emergency brakes, blind zone monitoring, low-speed mobile object detection, pedestrian identification, etc. Some of these technologies have been marketed. In November 2018, the company signed a trilateral strategic cooperation agreement with the global chip giant, Yin Weida, and the new power of the car, Pill, at the first day of the Global Gtc Conference in Yvesta, to jointly develop a class-I3 autopilot technology adapted to China’s traffic environment and driving scenes, providing low-speed passenger parking and medium-speed passenger parking.
The product is scheduled to be produced in 2020. Currently, the company's adas series is being promoted mainly in autonomous brands such as Chirre, and, driven by the “local internationalization” strategy, the company is also trying to promote its products to overseas car factories such as Maduta, Toyota, Japan, and the German public.
Often, high-tech innovation must be integrated through Tier 1 (first-tier suppliers) to enter cars and achieve mass production. As the world’s famous chip giant in China’s first home-grown autopilot, Tier 1, Desaixive developed an autopilot control device, ipu03, based on autopilot chips, in combination with his own strong hardware base.
Desai Siwei has been working with Pelican vehicles through the autopilot control device ipu03, in conjunction with the Chinese autopilot software system developed autonomously by Pelican cars, and plans to implement the Chinese type 1.3 autopilot function in the new model of Pelican cars in stages starting in 2020, gradually moving towards full autopilot with multiple road conditions between cities, automatic parking and parking in the parking lot, morning and evening peak traffic,
The highways automatically switch the best lanes and maintain continuous autopilots, as well as individualized, custom-based autopilots based on the best navigational routes. Figure 49. The volume of autopilot ipu03 in Desaisure, the Internet giant, became a new autopilot.
And the new forces that have emerged over the last decade are the Internet technology enterprises represented by Google, Peeta, Ali, and Tetsu. These Internet giants, of enormous size, extremely large cash flow, and powerful technological power, have rapidly moved into the new industry at the beginning of autopilot, now becoming the future leader in autopilot. Googlewaymo is the current global autopilot.
In the second half of last year, the pilot in the field, whose unmanned vehicle was launched in Arizona, charged passengers for official commercialization. The domestic Internet giant automatically drives the layout with a hundred-degree apollo open platform, in addition to the telecommunications network open platform launched in 2015, the Alios open platform is in the forefront of the domestic autopilot.
The auto-driving market is three-pronged. As the Internet giants enter the auto-driving market, global car firms and upstream parts manufacturers are forced to do so.
The current pattern of the autopilot industry, consisting mainly of Internet giants, whole-car manufacturers, and auto electrotier 1 manufacturers, is threefold. Internet manufacturers have complete ecology and very strong systems development capabilities, but their cross-border penetration leads to low penetration within the industry.
In contrast, the manufacturer of Tierl is both the supplier's smart-barrel component (car-borne information and entertainment system, etc.), and in the process, the manufacturer of Tier1 is best able to auto-drive the entire plant.
The company will soon complete the shift from Tier1 to “tier0.5” and will work with the Internet giant and the entire car manufacturer to win. The “tier0.5” reminiscently emerged in recent years, meaning that the future automobile industry will no longer be defined by traditional mainframe plants for products and programmes, but will be supplied by car factories and spare parts.
In fact, Internet giants, whole-car manufacturers and car electronics manufacturers have their own advantages and disadvantages in the chain, but they do not fully compete with each other: Internet giants have powerful software development capabilities, while Tier1 manufacturers are more likely to penetrate the product to the entire car manufacturer, so cooperation between Tier1 manufacturers and Internet giants is a self-starter in the future.
The trend in the industry is one that the Internet giants, the whole company, and the Tier 1 manufacturer all share. The company has been working strategically with different technology companies in an open fashion, and is now a strategic partner with 100-degree apollo, RTL, and with 100-degree collaboration in technical areas such as high-precision maps, self-positioning, car environmental perception and decision-making.
Level Automated Driving Control System. 3.4 Car Networking: The core technical component of smart car network connectivity. 3.4.1 Car Networking is a technical prerequisite for intelligent cabin and autopilot.
Car networking is a huge interactive network of vehicle location, speed, route, etc., consisting mainly of three dimensions of the in-car network, inter-carnet and car-borne Internet, which are used for wireless communications, information exchange, etc. At this stage, car networking is dominated by the use of 2g, 3g, 4g signals, which have the capability to access internal and external information flows, connect cars to people, cars to cars, and cars to cars.
Networking will expand to smart traffic management, smart dynamic information services, and vehicle intelligence control, and smart car electronics such as v2x, 5g will be widely applied. In the future, smart cabins and autopilot technologies will be highly dependent on the development of car connections.
These include, inter alia, car and car (v2v), car and side equipment (v2r), automobile and infrastructure (v2i) and car and pedestrian (v2p). Currently, V2x technology is composed of two major technological camps at the international level, one of which is a more mature dsrc programme led by iee, with low-time delay and high reliability features, supported mainly by traditional car companies and chip enterprises, and the other is a 3gpp-led lte-v programme.
The main promoter is Chinese telecommunications, Ericsson, etc. Since technology has not yet been harmonized, industry disputes about the future and security of the car’s connectivity, which is not very well-connected at this stage and is estimated to be about 15% in the country. (According to data from the configuration of car homes, the Pacific Car Network, etc.) 3.4.2 Internet giants are in the forefront of the car’s network layout, and how powerful are the first to emerge.
The Internet giants show how powerful they are in the car network layout. Thanks to earlier layouts in areas such as artificial intelligence technology and the technological advantages accumulated on a continuous basis, 100% of them have released a full-scale artificial smart car network system solution for volume production through the Apollo Open Platform — Little Cars, which has now obtained orders from 23 domestic and international car companies, such as BMW, Ford, Modern Beijing, Chirre, etc., both technically and physically.
In addition to the Internet giant Bat, China, Hightower, etc., and a range of traditional car companies such as Ford, Volvo, Toyota, etc., have been set up to network their cars.
The gap in scale does not have a clear advantage in car-networking competition from the e-Tier1 manufacturer. With increased competition in the industry in the future, small firms that are unable to achieve large-scale R & D inputs and that do not have large-scale advantages will take the lead, and Tierl, in cooperation with technology companies, communications operators and car manufacturers, will become the mode of car-network development.
3.4.3 The company ' s V2x product has been ordered for the project. The company ' s networking module is one of the three major business groups for the company ' s 2025 strategy.
The solution for the chip group is to develop the lte-v2x solution for car manufacturers. The company acquires vehicle networking technology resources through M & A, participates in the establishment of the National Smart Networking and Innovation Center (Beijing) National Smart Networking Association Automobile Research Institute Ltd., and controls the establishment of car networking applications and the development of integrated enterprise-based card-frog technology Ltd. In March 2019, the company successfully acquired 100% of the German Advanced antenna company, atbb.
In addition, Singapore’s team has developed technology for the security of car network information. The company’s car network v2x products have now been ordered by companies such as the Volkswagen public, and the car network layout is faster than the competitors of the Huayang Group, Lustok Technology, and Solijin shares. The company also sells separately the important components of the car network system t-box, which has not yet been integrated with autopilot functions, and t-box has now acquired new international and autonomous brand names, such as generic brand names.
3.5 Firms attach great importance to R & D capabilities, core competitiveness continues to grow, corporate ownership of R & D is prominent, and research and development teams are global. The trend towards intellectualization and networking of the automobile industry has become irreversible, and strong R & D capabilities and a steady flow of R & D spending are needed if the future of the industry is to remain afloat.
The company has research and development teams in Huezhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, Europe, and Singapore, where the De Secway Institute of Smart Traffic Technology Ltd., located in Huezhou, is dedicated to advanced research and development; and the Nanjing office has research and development on adas, car-connected technology.
Singapore has experts and teams in vehicle-borne information security, mainly developing technology in vehicle-connected information security. Compared to competitors such as Huayang Group, Sotoin, Pathfinder, and others, companies have spent the highest amount of R & D spending in the last three years, leading R & D investments in their counterparts.
In the past few years, companies have been able to access important resources for research and development of adas and car-connection technologies, such as those established in the past few years, by buying, holding, or participating in the creation of the T.C.C.C.T. Ltd., the National Stewardship (Beijing) Institute of Smart Networked Autobots, Inc., and the German company Atbb. In terms of corporate cooperation, companies have worked with Internet or technology companies such as Pedo, Tetsu, Invida, and also with Tuv Lei.
In cooperation with universities, companies have already cooperated with the Singapore Nanyang University of Technology on innovative solutions in the area of information security in the automobile industry; in July 2018, the company, in cooperation with Jilin University, developed adas hardware testing platform in the ring; in addition, South East University, Hunan University, Nanjingly
Industry and engineering universities and Harbin Industrial University, among others, are also collaborating with companies in various areas of production and research. The company’s deep-farming smart driving track, drawing on advanced resources through mergers and acquisitions, business cooperation, school cooperation, etc., enhances research and development capabilities and helps companies to further consolidate the three major clusters of smart driving, smart cockpit, and car networking, actively facing industry and market competition and maintaining the firm’s core competitiveness.
Figure 58. A list of subsidiaries that the company has acquired, held or participated in in recent years shows that we split the company ' s business according to the company ' s offer and the financial statements of previous years. The first is split according to the income structure of the client and the second according to the business block. The next three are projected according to the project matching of the main client and the value of the bicycle matching.
Domestic automobile sales have declined in general, and the volume and price of existing products have been under pressure. Research and development of new products has been slower than expected, and new businesses have become more competitive and less profitable.
Liu Wei Ho, Master of Business Administration, Nakayama University, Bachelor of Science in Industrial Design and Computers, Zhejiang University.