The three major businesses are expected to develop together - for the first time, Desai Weiwei is one of the leading companies in the country, focusing on the electronics of the cabin for 30 years.
In the night before the outbreak, the company took the lead in the areas of smart cockpit, smart driving and car networking.
L.A. 58.3 per cent Gradually into the harvest period, the performance point will come and the three main lines of business will have wide scope for development and growth.
Based on the electronics of the cabin, the dynamic deployment of car smart network connectivity products: the company is the leading car-borne electronic enterprise in the country, which has been focused on the area of car-driving for 30 years, and the existing products include car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, air conditioning controllers, etc.
The downside trend in corporate profits has been influenced by the low demand for downstream passenger cars over the years, but the indicators are still at the forefront of the industry, and we believe that downstream passenger cars are recovering, with companies performing at a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The turning point will come, and the company will respond to the trend of car “intelligentization, networking” by investing heavily in the dynamic deployment of new product lines, such as smart driving, car networking, with the promise of full industrial transformation in the future, with the three leading lines of intelligent cockpit, smart driving, car networking.
There is a promising increase in the penetration rate of the electronic products of the cabin, and there is a broad outlook for the industry: the upgrading of car electron and intelligence, the acceleration of the trend towards cyberconnection, and the growth of the industry. From the point of view of penetration, it is possible to remove controls from the product of the cabin.
In addition, there is still much room for increased penetration of other products, as well as a four-to-six-fold increase in the typical smart cockpit car complement, which we anticipate is expected to reach 69,580 million yuan in 2020, with a year-on-year compound increase in the size of the domestic cabin electronic market.
The rate is as high as 17%, a small, high-growth segment in the context of low growth in domestic passenger cars. At this stage, the electronic market for domestic cabins is dominated by foreign joint ventures, but the concentration of the industry is low, and companies have been plowing their cabins for more than 30 years, with technology compared to the world’s leading parts and components.
The company’s share of the market is expected to rise in the context of a slow growth in passenger cars and the accelerated phase-out of the industry. Active promotion of the smart network product, the Carbo Smart Race: due to auto-driving and smart driving
The shuttle is the two core computing units of the future vehicle, which together form the smart car, and the terminal pattern, which is expected to accelerate the process of autopilot from the point of view of each country and major enterprise planning, and is expected to see a large number of autopilots at levels 1 3 and above in 2020.
In the lead-up to the outbreak, companies are actively setting up smart drivers, car connections, car lanes, and gradually mastering the core competition of the integrated smart driving system for the products of the cabin.
In the future, as auto-drive models progress in production, the company is expected to integrate and develop its three main lines of smart cockpit, smart driving, and car networking.
Taking into account the vast growth prospects of the company's smart cabin products, the first coverage was given to an “enhancement”,1 and one of the leading domestic car-borne electronics enterprises, 1.1 was dedicated to the electronics of the cabin for more than 30 years.
Desecway, one of the leading car electronics companies in the country, has for three decades focused on the development, design, and manufacture of electronic products in the car compartments, and has actively promoted technological innovation and development in the domestic smart network, providing innovative, competitive and diversified product solutions and services such as smart cockpits, smart driving aids, car networking, etc.
The local internationalization strategy, based in Huaizhou, established R & D branches and branches in Nanjing, Chengdu, Shanghai, and Singapore, Europe and Japan, has developed a dynamic global business profile based on domestic business. Companies attach great importance to autonomous R & D and technological innovation, with over 1900 R & D staff, representing 43 per cent of the total number of companies and technology.
Technical holdings are high and have mastered vehicle-mounted electronic operating system design, single chip multisystem processing technology, vehicle-mounted screen technology, driver information application algorithms, vehicle-borne Ethernet development technology, visual and radar sensing technology, vehicle movement planning algorithms, vehicle movement control algorithms, big data analysis and application technology, network security technology, cloud-end online rise
In 2018, it was evaluated as a pilot demonstration factory for smart manufacturing and a national green factory. Client resources, formerly dominated by oem manufacturers, worked with popular groups, the Madhuda Group, the Volvo Automobile Group, the Steam Group, the Upper Steam Group, and the Stewardship Group.
There is a good partnership between domestic and international car manufacturers such as Gilly, Walle, Hiro Group, Chiré, Ugara, Pelican, etc. 1.2.
Chart 1: Corporate development: 1986: limited establishment of the former Central European electronics industry, main proprietorship
In 2010, Desai Industries acquired car sound system, equity structure, foreign capital 70% equity, and changed name
It's called Desai Wei, Hyeju City, 2018, 10 with a single.
The company formed the National Aerosmart Network (NSN) The Widios: By 2015, complete stock conversion;
In 2002, the name was changed to Siemens Wei, after buying antebb, Dio Motors Electronics (Heju)
Indirectly holding the German Advanced Antenna has gone through a development journey from a joint venture between China and China to China, formerly the Central European Electronics Industry Company Ltd., founded in 1986 by Philips Automotive Sound, Golden Mountain Hong Kong, and Hyezhou City Industrial Development Corporation (formerly Desecway).
In January 2010, Texai successfully acquired 70 per cent of its foreign shareholdings and transformed the company into a Chinese self-employed enterprise, after working with world-class electronic car producers, Philips, Manesmann and Siemens, to absorb and transmit their first-class technical products.
Over the years, the company has been focusing on electronic vehicle-borne product operations, with product categories expanded from car sound systems to the current stage of integrated intelligent cockpit products based on car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, air conditioning controllers, body control, communications modules, etc., while companies are actively expanding smart-drive, car-networked, and so on.
Overall implementation of three major business groups: smart car compartments, smart driving and car connectivity. 1.3 Shareholders have a strong background, the company's first shareholder is Guangdong Desai Group Ltd., and the Texas Group has a strong capital and is controlled by the local state.
The real control of the company is the State Finance Committee of Hyezhou City, which owns two listed companies, Desai Siwei and Desai Battery, in a variety of fields, including auto electronics, new energy cells, information technology, led photovoltaics, ic design, smart equipment, and precision items. The Texai Group directly controls 58.3% of Texiway's shares and puts them on the market for corporate motor electronics.
In March 2019, the company completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares in the antebb holding cash, and indirectly held German advances through the antebb holding of the shares.
An antenna manufacturing company, atbb, has a 100 per cent stake, and as high-performance smart antennas are key to vehicle information interaction, this acquisition will accelerate the landing of smart product programmes such as corporate smart driving, car networking, etc.2 With a cabin electronics building block, car smart network integration products will be actively deployed.
Currently, the company's products consist mainly of smart cockpit products based on car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information displays, air conditioning controllers, body control, communications modules, etc., while responding to the new trend of car “smartity, web-connection”, active deployment of new product lines, such as intelligent driving, car-networking, overall realization of intelligent cockpit,
Smart driving and car-networked smart-car-circles, which are based on three major business groups, have fallen slightly to about 20% annually, with both earning more than 80% of the total, vehicle-borne air-conditioning controllers, driving information displays, etc., are below 10%, while new products such as smart driving, car-networking, etc. are currently being imported.
The share of revenue contributed is very small, so at this stage the company’s performance is largely influenced by the income status of the car’s cabin product.
With up to 80.3 per cent, the high performance was due mainly to the high rate of up-to-date domestic suv growth during the period, and the high growth in priority clients such as the Great Wall, Hiroshima, General Mitsubishi, etc., driven by the suv-related blast car type, such as Hafeh6, the passing of gs4, the Bounty 560, etc., which were all company class product-based models:
On the one hand, the rapid increase in the supply of a company ' s products through the penetration of value for money into the joint venture system, and the successful expansion of the joint venture brand as a result of the price pressure on the national product, the selection of domestic suppliers of parts and components whose quality is reliable and whose cost price is favourable in order to improve competitiveness in order to reduce the price of automobile sales, have resulted in a strong expansion of the joint venture ' s product.
In 2017, 2018, as a result of an annual 2.5 per cent increase in the tax rate on small domestic loads and car purchases, domestic passenger cars moving into the lower cycle, company performance, net profits of shareholders of listed companies, which increased by $102 million, compared to 64.37 per cent, continued to decline, mainly because of a decline in performance.
Due to lower domestic demand for passenger cars, the sales of company-backed cars have declined further, while companies have increased their research and development on new products from smartnets, which have significantly increased their net profits on a year-on-year basis. Over the last three years, the corporate profit cycle has been on a downward trend, but companies have increased their smart network based on the reverse investment in existing cabin products.
The level of investment in the business, with the rapid growth of car intelligence and networking in the future, is expected to result in a combination of three major operations: intelligent cockpits, smart drivers, and car connections. 2.3 e-heads of the cabins, with indicators at the forefront of the industry.
As one of the domestic bunker e-leaders, we chose Māori rates, asset-liability ratios, asset turnover ratios, as compared to listed companies in the same industry, and each of the company’s indicators was at the forefront of the industry, reflecting the dominance of the head business. Māori for the product is at the top of the line: in terms of Māori for the product, the combined Māori for the company’s products in 2013-2018.
In particular, in 2018, in the context of the downside crash, the Māori rate fell by 24.0 per cent below that of other companies and was in the forefront of the industry, with 23.7 per cent Māori for car-borne entertainment products and Car-borne Information Systems.
As a product of upgrading the vehicle-borne entertainment system, the Māori rate was higher at 33.3 per cent in the first half of 2019, affected by low downstream demand for the whole vehicle and the switch to the national six emission standards, the stocking of the whole vehicle dropped to 22.1 per cent for corporate products, but the Māori rate remained at the forefront relative to similar business products in the same industry.
Low asset and liability rates and high asset turnover: In terms of asset and liability ratios, in recent years, total corporate asset and liability ratios are expected to increase, and the potential for industry is high.
From a consumer's point of view, since the car cockpit is a direct vehicle that connects consumers to traffic information, the degree of technological sense of product configuration directly affects consumers.
The driving experience, and in the current state of mobile interconnection and advanced intelligent driving technology, consumers’ intellectual claims to the electronics of the cabin are rising. From the point of view of automobiles, the homogenization of car products is increasing, and technology among major brands does not have an absolute advantage, and the cabin, as a step-by-step, allows consumers to use it as much as possible.
A direct sense of the differences between the products of a car company, which is expected to break through the existing product limitations by developing a smart cockpit, creates a large market for car products, which has a wide market space and, according to the Institute of High Industry (2017), is controlled in the products of a car.
In addition to the higher penetration rate, the penetration rate of other products remains low, especially on low- and medium-end vehicles of less than 150,000, with most of the product penetration not exceeding 10%. The penetration rate of the medium-screen penetration is above 72% on the autonomous brand model, over 70% on the combined capital (over 150,000) and the medium-screen penetration, although high, is less intelligent.
High, with a medium screen penetration of only about 20% of the navigation function, the future development space is mainly associated with the upgrading of products with intelligentness. For LCD instruments, 23%, 15%, and no more than 5%, respectively, of self-owned and joint branded vehicles over 300,000, while Hud, the rear-view mirror, the back-altitude liquid crystal screen, etc.
The penetration rate is even lower. Thus, from the point of view of penetration alone, there is still much room for increasing the penetration of other products besides the central control, and the LCD instrument, as an important vehicle for the transmission of information in the cabin, is expected to become a product with a rapid increase in penetration after the central control.
In addition, as a result of the increase in auto electronization and intelligence, and the trend towards network connectivity to speed up the intelligent development of the cabin products, the value of the bicycle suite has increased significantly. The traditional car compartment consists mainly of vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems with mechanical dashboards, navigation, music play, car body control, etc., at an overall cost of $2,000.
Around, and in addition to providing basic vehicle-borne entertainment, information, etc., the smart cabin provides virtual digital information that provides a "one-core multiscreen" that shows a variety of human control, such as contact control, voice, gestures, and a variety of colourful navigation, surveillance, remote control, etc., and that typical matching prices are expected to rise to around 7,000 - 15,000 yuan.
A four-to-six-fold booster space for more traditional cabin products. Electrodynamic, intelligent and accelerated module electronics landing: unlike conventional fuel trucks, new energy vehicles use electricity directly, and there is a corresponding need to increase driver battery power, driving mode, energy recovery, in addition to driving speed and mileage.
This information shows that big amounts of data are more effective than liquid crystal meters. Automotive intelligence requires cars to have some early warning, direct intervention, etc. Even simple assistive driving requires panoramic cameras, cruise information, driveway deviations, off-the-road information, multiscreen displays, car network modules, etc., so car electricization, etc., is essential.
Smartness is expected to accelerate the landing of the electronics of the cabins. 3.2 The electronics of the cabins are a small, high-growth segment of billions of dollars, up 22.85 per cent from 2016, with a penetration rate of about 70 per cent and 5 per cent for the control screens and LCDs, respectively.
By 2020, it is expected to reach 90% penetration, 30% penetration in the full LCD market, and, in narrow terms, 62.5 billion yuan in the size of the e-barrel market, with an annual compound growth rate of more than 20%, with LCD rising at more than 35% and going to reach 27 billion in 2020. We are based on medium control, LCD, Hud, and other multifunctional information.
On the basis of this, a simple measurement of the size of the domestic cabin electronic market is expected to reach $69,580 million by 2020, up to a 17 per cent annual compound increase, representing a small, high-growth segment in the context of the low growth of domestic passenger cars. 3.3 e-markets are dominated by joint ventures, with a combination of strong domestic capital accelerating penetration.
In terms of the pattern of competition, the global market for car-borne information and entertainment systems is dominated by a multinational component giant and an international car electronics firm, but the pattern of competition is fragmented, with the top five vehicle-borne entertainment information system providers, namely Haman, Al-Ars, Bosch, Mitsubishi power, and electrical, with five of them occupying 46 per cent of the market share.
The first Haman market share is less than 15%. Domestic car-borne information and entertainment systems are dominated by a larger share of foreign firms in the market, with domestic firms such as Texas, the Huayang Group, Aquaman Electronics, Soni shares, good helpers, etc., taking a smaller share of the market, the rapid development of autonomous brands and the competitive price of products, and the share of domestic firms in the market in recent years.
Expansion, especially of the car-borne entertainment system, has significantly increased the share of domestic firms in the market. Unlike the fragmented pattern of competition in the car-borne information and entertainment system, the pattern of competition in car instruments is relatively concentrated, with the global market for car-based instruments dominated by large companies in parts and components such as mainland, solar-breeding machines, electric appliances, and Weiboton, with a share of up to 72% in four, with the mainland taking over.
Twenty-five per cent of the market share, owing to the combined advantages of foreign firms, is a larger share of the domestic market, especially high-end automobile instruments, largely monopolized by foreign- and middle-level joint ventures and foreign-owned enterprises, which are concentrated at the lower and middle end of the spectrum and in commercial vehicles, such as Texas, Biadei, Aquam, Deco, etc., subject to traditional steam.
Low growth in vehicles and increased competition in the industry, with signs of accelerated phase-out by under-powered firms, is expected to increase industry concentration, while LCD instruments are now fragmented by low product penetration and market fragmentation, with firms such as TAT, China ' s leadership, Paul ' s show, Xinyang ' s Pride, etc., all in place and with future LCD penetration, firms will be able to increase their LCD penetration.
For more than 30 years, Desai Wei, as a result of deep-farming electronics, has a better product structure than shoulder-to-back first-class spare parts, and the product lines cover car-to-car information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, air conditioning controllers, intelligent driving aids, cars.
Products such as networking can provide higher overall solutions and systems development capabilities. Clients are rich, not only in the brands of the Great Wall, the Great Wall, the Upwards, the Changan, Biadey, Chirre, but also in the Euro-American and Japanese worlds, such as the Volvos, the Volvos, the Volkswagen, the Volkswagen, the Volkswagen, the Volkswagen, the American and the American people, the American people, the American people, the American people, the American people, the American people, the American people, the American people, the American people, the upper gas, the Volvos, etc.
Japanese clients, including Maseda, Chang-Ammadeda, Maseda, Yatami-dong, Toyota, etc., formed a more stable partnership with many mainstream car companies and actively expanded their international operations, receiving orders from mass groups for new global car-type projects in 2018, and received approval from Toyota to be the first to enter the Toyota Technical Pavilion to host a technical hand-off.
China’s automobile electronic suppliers have laid a good foundation for full access to the Toyota system. In addition, the company has built a digital intelligence plant, and in 2015 began to launch successive projects on mes (manufacturing implementation management systems), smart storage systems, and plms (product life-cycle management) to promote streamlined manufacturing that will improve product quality and efficiency.
In the context of the global slowdown in automobile growth and increased competition in the industry, companies are expected to increase their share of the e-products market further through the accumulation of first-class technology, rich customer resources and the efficient and streamlined production of cabins.
4.1 The transition of the cockpit to the smart cabin, the shift of core competitiveness to the intelligent driver integration, the evolution of the product of the car cockpit, the transition from mechanical to electronic to intelligent to intergenerational, the mechanical (60-90s) class product consists mainly of mechanical instrumentation and simple sound.
A frequency-playing device, with a single functional structure, which is essentially a physical keywork, the driver acquires the year that, with the spread of electronic technology in cars and the introduction of cabin products into the electronic age, while still dominated by mechanical equipment, a few LCDs are starting to be used, with additional navigational, audio and other features enriched with entertainment systems, back-to-back images and even...
The panoramic cameras surrounding the car began to spread, providing drivers with more information: after 2015, intelligent drivers began to move into public view, central screen breakthroughs were not connected to the dashboard, and integrated design began to evolve.
The electronic age: 2000-2015 The smart age: 2015-present The mechanical age: the 60-90s
Smart Age: After 2030, most mechanical instruments, very few liquids, single mechanical instruments.
Multiple screens, large screen displays, crystals, simple audio-playing devices.
Information and entertainment systems are very functional, technology is very diverse, entertainment systems are very diverse.
Physics action keys, interactive scenarios, mostly physics keys, very few touches.
No or very small medium-control screens, highly integrated, highly technologically integrated.
At very low level of integration, safety: very high, small size entertainment.
Intelligentity: Increased number of steps, wide screens, large screen displays, accelerated penetration of all liquid crystal meters, small number of new hud ups, visible components, human interaction, in addition to direct physical operations, began to be complemented by a variety of speech, touch control, gestures, etc.
In a way, the adas assistive driving function is rich and diverse and provides more information on cars and people, roads, vehicles and cloud platforms, with a clear increase in intelligence. At this stage, it is only the auxiliary driving diffusion phase, where core competition for the cabin products is gradually reflected in modularization, integrated design, and most of the cabin products are separated integrations, i.e. running multiple independent drills.
Systems, including driving information, head-on displays, information and entertainment systems, air conditioning controllers, advanced driving aids, car networking, etc., will operate independently and will be further upgraded to the intelligent use of the car ' s cockpit product as high-level autopilot models above 1.3 are gradually applied and the speed and performance of the chip processing increased in the future.
Arhud virtual figures show an interactive trend of “one-core, multiscreen integration”, a high-level integration of airspace control units, a transition to autopilot in human interfaces, and a greater core competitiveness of cockpit products reflected in the integration of intellectual and driving functions.
4.2 Autopilot speeds up, smart cabins become popular, and as new generations of information technologies, such as artificial intelligence, high-performance computing, big data, and access to the Internet, and the corresponding technologies, become deeply integrated in the automobile industry, auto-drive seems to be within reach, and countries will develop auto-drives as well.
In the context of integration into national preparatory plans, such as Japan ' s Vision and Routes of 2017, which proposed the achievement of freeway level 193 autopilots by 2020 and the implementation of autopilot applications in a given region; and the EU ' s launch in 2018 of the Road to Automation: EU Travel Strategy for the Future, which identifies the timing of auto-drive industrialization
In China, the State has accordingly launched a strategic plan for auto-drive development. In 2017, the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, issued by the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the National Development Commission and the Ministry of Science and Technology, also proposed that smart network cars should be developed in 2020 in a way that would be consistent with international efforts, with automobile da (driving aids), pa (driving aids) and the Ministry of Science and Technology.
By 2025, Chinese cars will have entered the world for the first time, with 80% of new cars in da, pa, ca, and 25% of new vehicles in pa, ca, and high and complete.
Auto-driving starts to enter the market. Not only is it a national strategic plan, but major car companies and technology companies have already started auto-driving. In July 2018, 100% of the world's first class, built in conjunction with the Golden Dragonbus, was officially offline for the auto-driving bus “Apollon”; and in December 2018, waymo launched a business called "waymoone"
Auto-drive taxis; on April 23, 2019, Tesla released a "full auto-pilot computer" (fsd), known as autopilot hardware 3.0, which is a powerful auto-drive chip capable of processing a large number of images and videos, as the launch said, "The neural network processor on the latest chip can handle eight cameras together.
The image input of the 2,100 frames per second generated by the time work, which is equivalent to 2.5 billion pixels per second, is about 21 times the previous version of the 2.5 script, basically supporting the Tesla-type fully autopilot, and Tesla's founder, Maxstone, will be able to achieve Robotaxi next year.
It's perfect, and we're expected to see a lot of auto-drive-type production in 2020 at the level of 193 and above. Chart 22: Auto-drive planning by major companies Auto-drives and smart cockpits are the two core computing units for future cars, which together make up intelligence.
Auto-drive transport security, smart pilot interactives. With the rapid development and application of technology such as Hud, ai, ar, voice, gestures, etc., intelligent driving, the cabin is gradually entering the popularization phase, as in August 2019, when the new R.U.x5max (worker guidance price) came to the market.
11.88 million-18.98 million), equipped with the sky-eye system to identify users through automatic face scans and vehicle start-up, and to create a personalized driver support system for the owner, with one key to authorize all passengers to interact with all members of the whole from the front row to the whole vehicle by controlling entertainment information, air conditioners, windows, etc. via mobile phones.
The red flag smart cockpit has a full-scale Facaid recognition, an ar photo experience, a mr mixed real-life experience, ai, a voice, a monthly marketed Bentt77 (898-1368,000 for factory guidance).
SmartcoreTM provides a core multi-nuclear processor technology, a rich content platform, big data, ecological services, safety and security systems, cloud and ani capability, a combined motor intelligence system that develops more advanced intelligence, web-connected ai cabin, and is expected to produce in a mass-breathed pure electric vehicle type by 2020.
The cabins are no longer unique to luxury cars, more popular models will also be equipped with a full new driving experience for passengers from smart cockpits, a new era in which the consumer is taking the lead from smart cockpits, 4.3 cockpits, smart drivers, car connections, and the new business is gradually emerging.
The company is well aware of the trends in the product development of the car cabin, and has been stepping up its smart driving and car connection operations since 2016, starting with the creation of the Smart Driving and Car Networking Unit, earlier than the 2017 cesasia, with the release of the smart cockpit concept based on the user-use scenario, with a 12.3-inch tft double screen based on the development of the Kanzi tool, equipped with four-way heights.
Sensors such as Quill camera, 77g mm wave radar achieve a certain degree of autopilot capability such as panoramic parking, pre-crash collision warning, traffic deviation warning, pedestrian monitoring, etc., became members of the 100-degree Apollo programme in the same year, working with 100-degrees from bcu and Mapauto to build a dedicated computer platform to support auto-drive production
In 2018, the company launched a new generation of smart cockpits, using the hypervisor virtual technology, with a double 12.3 inch screen, 10.1 inch body control touch screens, and holograms. In June 2019, it released version 3.0 of the smart cockpit on the Shanghai Cesasia, integrating it with the smart cockpit and smart driving scenes.
The company’s first four-screen interactive intelligent driving product, based on the high-tone dragonb20a international lead chip, is about to be packaged to the ideal one-size-fits-all model of the car. In smart driving, the company has developed a 360-high-scope clairvoy system, a fully automated parking system, a driver.
The behavioral surveillance and identification system has achieved volume production, 24g mm waves have been ordered and produced in 2019, 77g mm wave radar is in a state of readiness, and the development of a class-L3 smart driving system in conjunction with the British Weida and Pelican cars is planned for 2020.
Core technologies such as big data analysis and applied technology, t-box products have been produced in several international and autonomous branded models, cooperation agreements have been signed with various enterprises such as 100 degrees and tweaks, v2x have been assigned to project locations in international branded cars, and a vehicle networking platform, ota, scenario intelligence, etc., has been acquired for clients such as the general public, Chirete Jaguar, Chang Ammadha, etc.
On the basis of existing cabin products, the company is deeply integrated into intelligent driving, car networking functions, building a full-scale intelligent transport biosphere based on intelligent driving, intelligent driving, and car networking, with intelligent cars at its centre.
Greatness, high quality of track, but technological innovation is a fundamental prerequisite for the achievement of the goals, with companies paying particular attention to research and development in new technologies such as smart driving, smart cockpits and car connections, low periods in domestic car markets, firm reversible investment in R & D, rising R & D spending as a share of revenue from year to year, with R & D spending reaching $540 million in 2018, a share of income.
Over 1,900 persons, or 43 per cent of the company's total, have been developed, with core R & D personnel largely inherited from Siemens' controlling period. To date, masters of vehicle-borne electronic operating system design, single chip multisystem processing, vehicle-screening optical technology, driver information application algorithms, vehicle-borne Ethernet development technology, visual and radar sensing technology, vehicle motion planning.
Core technologies such as algorithms, vehicle movement control algorithms, big data analysis and application technologies, network security technologies, cloud-side online upgrading techniques, technology as opposed to international top-notch components, strong R & D inputs and top-notch stable R & D teams are increasing corporate technological leadership.
1. Carborne Entertainment System: Carborne Entertainment System is the company ' s preferred product and is expected to accelerate penetration of autonomous, joint venture brands. In 2018, the company Carborne Recreation System earned $3.43 billion, an increase of 3.9 per cent compared to the 3.9 per cent increase, but was affected by a decline in sales from downstream customers.
2. Car-borne information systems: Car-based information systems as an upgraded product of vehicle-borne entertainment systems are currently dominated by joint ventures of foreign capital, but companies are expected to become stronger competitors in joint ventures with technology, cost and customer advantage.
In 2018, the company ' s vehicle-borne information system earned $1.07 billion, a decrease of 30.3 per cent and a decrease of 3 per cent in the same year, and with the progressive landing of smart cockpit products, later earnings are expected to grow rapidly, combined 3. Driving information display, vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers: due to driving information displays and current revenue from vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers
4. Other business: the company ' s new project is rich in technological reserves, developed in synergy with smart cabin products and is in the process of landing, and we expect high growth in the company ' s other business revenues from 2019-2020.
The vast growth prospects of smart class products, which for the first time covered an “enhancement” rating, were not as high as expected in the volume of automobile sales and the development of the electronics of the cabins were not as high as expected.