q3 Performance growth is strong and post-cycle leadership is strong 14 October 2020 Event: A three-quarter performance forecast for companies: Net return profit is expected to be achieved in the first three quarters of 2020
▪ Upgraded peak + city rate, company q3 performance maintained strong growth, company q2 net profits increased by 90 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and q3 performance continued to grow at a high rate, which we believe is the main reason for: (1) the continued recovery of the capital estate and the slow growth and decline of the engineering and machinery industry
Seasonal patterns are not weak; (2) post-cycle product renewal peaks open and corporate-market ratios rise in performance with a high degree of certainty and sustainability; (3) companies strengthen supply chain and smart manufacturing management, with average costs shared with sales growth, and we expect net interest rates to rise throughout the year with a scale effect.
Performance is expected to continue to be released, post-cycle peak growth is certain, engineering machinery is going to continue to grow + corporate growth is going to increase, and we expect company o4 to continue to grow at a high rate.
Corporate concrete machinery ranks the second highest, and automobile cranes rank third and tower cranes first. In 2019, these three operations accounted for 83 per cent of the company’s total revenue, releasing high elasticity and growth certainty as the leader of the post-cycle performance.
The introduction of additional funding to the war has demonstrated confidence in development, and the three-year shareholder return plan guarantees continued high dividends. The company issued a+h stock build-up adjustment on 29 September: the total amount raised is $6.6 billion, of which management is involved in the subscription of h shares is set at $1 billion, the company ' s medium- and long-term planning and commitment to the future.
The launch of the fund-raising project, which is intended to invest in smart manufacturing projects such as excavators, blenders, and key parts, will further enhance the company’s overall competitiveness. The market network for company earth machinery has now been restored, with the excavator market rate being less than 1% since the same period in 2019.
Up to 2-3%. The mixer car benefits from the demand generated by environmental protection and treatment, and the company’s share of the market is fast-tracked into profit predictions and investment ratings: concrete machinery plus engineering cranes plus tower machines have three post-cycle variety scenarios that are sustainable and market share is increasingly concentrated, and the company’s leader is strong and will benefit from it.
The annual net return profit of the company is 68.798 billion yuan and it is expected to double its performance in three years.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board