Focus on engineering machinery, a qualitative leap in business operations: three quarterly reports by companies, January-September, 45,244 million yuan, 42.48 per cent more than the previous year, $5,686 million net profit to the mother, 63.41 per cent more than the previous year; single q3, revenue
• Core view: Performance exceeded expectations and was in line with earlier forecasts. q3 engineering and machinery industry continued to be high and characterized by a mild season, especially the late-week variety, growth in sales and start-up performance, as represented by cranes and concrete machines, which outperformed excavators.
We think the company's strategy has been adjusted over the last two years, to concentrate on the kernels, the next one, the qualitative leap in business, and the value attributes.
In the first nine months of 2020, the demand in the downstream areas of domestic infrastructure, wind and wind power, and so on, remained strong.
The “two new ones”-related projects, the engineering and machinery industry maintained a high profile, and, after the company's masters, cycle product cranes and concrete machinery led to steady growth in the company's performance, new plates, such as excavators, agricultural machines and high machines, also injected new momentum into the growth of the company's performance.
The crane plate: the company crane plate earned 53 per cent of its income in the first half of 2020, was the first, with an increase of 69 per cent in the same year, and the company’s stock was raised, and we judged that the company’s engineering crane was growing faster than the industry; in construction of the crane, the share remained the world’s number one, according to the company’s official authorities.
On September 14th, the company reached 10 billion in 2020, maintaining its rapid growth, maintaining the lead in the market for pumpers and vehicle pumps; the advantage of light quantitative products for blending vehicles was highlighted, with the city taking the first coverage depth report.
The disease affected the first half of the year, the plate grew less rapidly than the company as a whole, and it was reported that the Central and Central United Nations Section: the fixed multipliers were too far away, the break orders were delayed to q3, and three quarters were reversed with downstream infrastructure and real estate investments.
The need for concrete machinery is better, and we judge that the company’s plate is expected to rise to a higher level.
News: ICS: Performance continues to exceed expectations, business is steady, business is improving, opportunities in the agricultural industry are beginning to emerge, and markets are becoming more active. Companies have identified a shift from traditional farming machines to intelligent agriculture, with a harvester with artificial intelligence technology, a power of horsepower.
Diggers and high-altitude platforms: In terms of excavators, the company sold 5107 items in January-September, the city ' s share rose rapidly to 2.16 per cent, the sales ranking was raised to 12, and its intelligent industry became the excavator park.
Launched in the first half of 2021 with a design capacity of 33,000 units/year, with a high level of intelligence to drive the growth of the excavator plates; high-capacity plates, with a year-round income target of $2 billion, with a steady market share and a continuous increase in corporate profitability, with future smart manufacturing support companies further reducing efficiency gains
The company ' s overall Māori rate for January-September 2020 was 28.51%, corresponding to 1,31 ptt. We believe that the overall average price has fallen slightly with the company offering a discount; in terms of product structure, the share of sales of small- and medium-sized towers and low-prescriptors has risen.
In terms of cost rates, in January-September, the ratio was 13.63 per cent for the period of the company, compared to 3.88 pct, in which sales of the company's up-to-the-line integration end-to-end marketing strategy effectively reduced the cost of sales, and the reduction in financial costs was mainly due to the company's initiative to reduce interest-bearing liabilities. In January-September 2020, the net interest rate of the company was net.
The construction of smart production lines, such as excavators, hydraulic components, towers, etc., is done in an orderly manner, further reducing the efficiency gains and increasing the competitiveness of the products.
The company is going to raise up to $6.6 billion, invest in four smart manufacturing projects, "Duggers + Key Parts + Key Hydraulics" + Key Hydraulics, while replenishing liquidity.
From the point of view of the introduction of the aggressive approach;2 from the point of view of the introduction: the company’s core business is involved in the offer, with benefits, and confidence-building among investors;3 from the point of view of the dividends: since the company was listed, the accumulated cash share has been high. Overall, the company’s future growth is dynamic and its value attributes are high.
The infrastructure short-format, increased competition in the market, a decline in the Māori rate of products, a slight decline in the Māori rate and rising net interest rates
Figure 62019 shows a significant increase in the scale of R&D expenditure
In 2018, the crystal ball first produced the report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. The data and information used in the report were from the market. I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report would not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.