The company's application for a non-publicly released stock has been approved by the CVM, with a target increase of up to 35 members.
The revised scheme was recently approved by the CSRC, which introduced new developments into the company's geotechnical development project. In the previous three quarters, the company's products were sold.
Starting point: the three core products of engineering and machinery will continue to be active for the next 2-3 years, with strong performance and high performance rates, but stock prices will be suppressed by uncertainty about the fixed increase, which is expected to continue to lead the industry at a rate of growth; multi-tiered product development will continue.
The company’s strategy of vigorously developing excavators can also be better positioned to help remove the disincentives to share prices, and the excavators can be used as engines, with a clear strategic layout and a engine of engineering machinery for sustainable growth. The single segmentation of process machines is the biggest product of the market, with a fixed increase in the capacity to provide strong financial support for the dynamic development of the excavators’ business.
The firm’s confidence and determination to develop the diggers’ business is also highlighted, and the company is expected to start a new start. The three core products of engineering machinery will continue to grow in strength over the next 23 years, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to lead the industry.
According to company officials, a new order of $8 billion will be awarded for the W-2 aircraft on the afternoon of November 26th, and the BMW will be awarded more than $20 billion. The order of $3.2 billion will also be awarded on the day of the 928 high-level buyout, the new engineering `carrying' record will be updated, and the large ton of tracked crane orders will be discharged in the second half of next year, highlighting the firm's strength.
Mechanical Lives, "Claude Impact and Product Market Call." Over the next 23 years, we believe that three major engineering and mechanical products are expected to continue to work: concrete, earth-pumping and replacement cycles are still in the mid-to-mid term, there is still a large amount of equipment available in the holdings, and the implementation of National Standard 6 will be guided.
As a result of the phase-out of these equipment, the concrete mixer, which has created a large demand for large cans for small cans in the context of the tightening of the treatment, will continue to maintain a high temperature; the quantity of engineering cranes is expected to run smoothly, but the volume is expected to run smoothly, but the amount of tons seized by the wind and the demand for the vehicle crane and the tracked cranes is on fire, and the large tonnage sales ratio will help to safeguard the growth of corporate harvests, the towers, the towers, the towers and the towers.
The increase in the permeability of the benefit pc will result in an increase in product accuracy and intensity requirements, as well as an increased emphasis on construction safety, which will accelerate the upgrading of the towers. Over the past few years, the competitiveness of the three products of the company has continued to grow, the market share has continued to rise, and the market share of the dominant products will rise further.
In addition to consolidating the market advantages of three core engineering and machinery products, companies have increased their efforts to nurture new business plates such as high-altitude platforms, excavators, and agricultural machines.
The current second-tier product is clearly beginning to work this year, with strong growth in the first three quarters and a significant increase in market position, and will evolve into a large business block that will run alongside the three core products. The high-altitude platform has been in place since 19 years.
The expansion of domestic clients and the layout of overseas markets are expected to rapidly build up into a large business block of between 5 and 10 billion; according to the Association, companies return to their first year to achieve a market share of over 2 per cent, while firms increase their research and development on new differentiated products, enrich product spectra, optimize marketing services, and BMW rolls out three categories: small, medium and large.
Seven g-series new products, opening a new journey to a single largest segment of the company ' s engineering machinery, which will become more competitive with the 33,000 machines produced annually, and which are very promising to grow into the top five or even the top three of the industry. The agro-mechanical sector is expected to experience a marked recovery in market demand this year, with a much higher level of sales and profits from the company ' s products.
In addition, companies are more determined to expand their internationalization operations, to speed up the pace of movement, and to generate about 30 per cent of the total revenue from overseas revenues in the future.
Three-line dry sandal equipment, emergency equipment, etc. are also being cultivated and incubated, and the multi-tiered product development strategy will provide a strong boost to the sustainable growth of the Division. In the next 2-3 years, even with small fluctuations in traditional engineering machinery and reliance on new business performance, companies will still have the ability to level and even cross cycles, and corporate valuations are currently not consistent with high and sustainable growth and corporate capacity.
The global epidemic continues to ferment, industry competition increases, capital and real estate investments fall short of expectations, and environmental protection and treatment are beyond expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations