Three-quarterly reports predict continued high growth, with excellent performances on all product lines: the company issued three-quarters reports in 2020, earning $5.558 billion in the first three quarters, and three-quarters reports continued to record high growth, with both engineering and agricultural machines performing well: before the company.
It is mainly the company's core engineering and machinery products that benefit from strong demand, such as domestic capital investment, which increases demand for food production in the wake of an outbreak, while the company strengthens the supply chain, manages and upgrades the level of smart manufacturing, with average production costs and costs as the scale of sales increases.
After the company's reopening of the business sector, the market for core products is becoming more competitive, concrete, especially pumps, remains “one-and-two” status, construction cranes are being sold on a global scale.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Top-heavy share for the last five years, total market value/flow (millions) for strategic industries such as excavating machinery and high-altitude operating platforms
This year, food security has risen to an important position, with the agricultural industry starting at the highest/minimum level for 12 months, and the company is constantly launching new smart, high-ends through innovative upstream/downstream cooperation models.
Products, sales and profit margins have also improved by the same amount. Projects such as the development of an increased investment in the intelligent manufacturing of excavators have been developed to further enhance the overall competitiveness of companies.
• On 29 September, the company released a revised version of a plan for the non-public distribution of shares to raise up to RMB 5.6 billion from no more than 35 specific investors, and to raise funds to be used for excavation machines.
With this increase, the company will upgrade the manufacturing level and upgrade the core zero.
Integrated Competitiveness of Companies - Self-sufficiency of 2020/07/05, thereby enhancing the integrated competitiveness of firms and promoting long-term corporate development.
Supermarket is expected to continue to benefit from the industry landscape.
The three-quarterly report predicts continued high growth, with industry research on all product lines and good performance, and is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related sections. Eight years in the financial sector, with representatives like Robot Trends.
Heart, in July 2017, was better placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Center, in September 2017, was better placed to take advantage of industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.