Post-cycle taps are being revalued after review.
Incident: The company issued a public announcement that applications for undistributed shares were cleared by the CVM, that the final increase was passed, and that the main disincentive was the elimination of the share price factor.
Two medium-term modifications have now been approved, resulting in a fixed increase of up to 1.06 billion shares to no more than 35 specific investors, totalling $5.199 billion, and the elimination of the lock factor. At the same time, the company, as a leader in the post-engineering cycle, is performing with great elasticity.
According to our research, o4 company concrete machinery, engineering cranes, tower sales have continued to increase and the three main business landscapes have continued to be strong; and there is a concentration in the market share of the industry, the company.
The lead is strong and the performance growth is high. Emerging operations like excavators are beginning to work and will contribute new concrete machinery: just at the peak of the new generation in 2020, environmental upgrades + extreme downwards, towers: benefiting from the precision of pc penetration on towers, companies as the flagship market.
Engineering cranes: wind and power grabs have led to oversupply of large tons of cranes, build-up of capital-building and new demand, sustained good industry, rising corporate shares, and rising incomes beyond the industry. Emerging business: earth machinery and high-altitude platforms are well under way, and have doubled since this year.
This growth; the agricultural machinery achieves gains and losses, is well positioned, and future demand is better. Compared to listed companies, we believe that the companype valuation has been significantly underestimated, with a target value of 15 times that of 2020, corresponding to a target market value of $105.2 billion, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Performance has been strong, post-cycle growth has been strong, post-cycle leadership has been strong, programme revisions are on the ground, long-term firm belief
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board