O3 performance maintained strong growth, with post-cycle flagship performance determined 30 October 2020
▪ Strong demand in the industry plus rising city ownership, strong growth in corporate q3 performance q3 q3 revenue has been growing faster, mainly by 1) benefiting from post-epidemiological catch-up needs, q3 engineering machinery sales have continued to flourish; 2) the company, as a leader in the post-cycle, has a clear product advantage, the city
Field share continues to rise; 3) companies strengthen their digital supply chain and smart manufacturing management, reducing efficiency gains highlights that net profits are growing faster than income.  Net interest rates continue to rise, and q3 cash flows are improving significantly
q1-q3 total Māori rate of 28.51%, corresponding to 1.31pt, q3 Māori rate of 27.03% in a single season, corresponding to +0.89pt. Net interest rates do not reverse cost-control capabilities in the major sectors during the company, q1-q3 lower management and sales cost rates; 2) company controls interest-bearing liability size, superseding exchange gains and losses
Optimization, with a lower financial cost ratio of the same year. Billions, +83 per cent of the same year, accelerated recovery at q3 after a delay in the first half of the year, a significant turnaround in cash flow; 164 days of working days in accounts receivable, a continuous acceleration of working times and improved operational capacity.
The post-cyclical landscape highlights the strong + leader position, firm corporate growth, and the epidemic is expected to slow down the downstream season, with four quarters of capital investment expected to continue, and we expect the overall demand for engineering and machinery to remain strong throughout the year, the second half of the year or the first half of the year.
The post-cycle product landscape will become more pronounced, with the hope that the relay excavator will become the fastest-growing species. Companies rank first in concrete machinery, top third in vehicle crane markets, and top in towers, as the first to release elasticity in post-cycle performance.
The firm emphasized that end-to-end sales patterns and smart manufacturing management and marketing efficiency had been further improved, with further declines, competitive advantages becoming more prominent and strong. Performance growth had been strong, and post-cyclical trends had been strong.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: concrete machinery plus engineering cranes plus tower machines with a strong and sustained post-cycle variety and a concentrated market share, companies will benefit from a high post-cycle diversity profile.
Domestic and foreign comparable listed companies, we believe that the companype valuation was significantly underestimated, giving 2020 an overperformance and a post-cycle boom.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board