(a) The sustained increase in profits and the full impact of new products: the company published its three-quarters report for 2020, with the company registering a revenue of 45,244 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, representing an increase of 42.48 per cent in the same year; and the net return profit of 5.686 billion, with the industry maintaining a high rate of growth and the company’s performance maintaining a high rate of growth. The company achieved a revenue of 45,244 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, representing an increase of 42.48 per cent in the same year;
Realization of the net return to the mother, $5.686 billion, an increase of 63.41 per cent. Realization of the net profit to the unpaid return to the mother, $4.956 billion, an increase of 79.16 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter of 2020, the company earned 16.417 billion yuan, an increase of 72.94 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother, a gain of $1,668 million, an increase of 84.61 per cent in the same year. Realization of the net profit to the unpaid return to the mother, an increase of 14.51 million yuan, an increase of 122.50 per cent in the same year.
In the first three quarters, the company combined Māori rate was 28.51%, a decline of 1.31 ptt compared to the previous three quarters, and this year the engineering and machinery industry, although continuing to enjoy a high profile \triangleright, remained highly competitive and had some impact on the Māori rate of the company ' s products; and the net interest rate of the company was 12.68% in the previous three quarters.
The increase in net interest rates this year was mainly due to a sustained increase in corporate cost control capacity, with a marked decrease in aggregate cost rates. Corporate aggregate cost rates increased steadily in the first three quarters. Contract liabilities increased steadily and cash flows increased significantly in the first quarter. Corporate inventories stood at $14,931 million by the third quarter of 2020, an increase of 29.51 per cent in the same year and 12.43 per cent in the same year. Contract liabilities increased by 2,715 million, or 25.46 per cent in the same year, and by 12.70 per cent in the same year.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the market share of corporate-led products continued to rise, the company’s construction and machinery sales rose to an all-time high, and sales remained the world’s number one: the share of the concrete machinery market increased significantly, and the share of the vehicle crane market increased significantly in 2019.
Meanwhile, this year, agricultural machinery became more and more profitable as new products, such as corporate earth machinery and high-altitude platforms, became fully operational. We believe that as the company’s dominant competitive power is further consolidated, the competitive power of new products continues to grow and is expected to grow steadily through the cycle.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CSS, and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.