Continued high-quality, robust development, and a definite future for the Middle and Heavy Section (000157.sz) characterization and growth
4.248 per cent longer, resulting in a net return of $5.668 billion, an increase of 63.41 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) Quality development in corporate ownership, rapid growth in performance in the last three quarters, increased by equipment upgrades, mechanical replacement effects and continued progress in “two new” construction
The impact was driven by a high rate of interest, with the entire engineering and machinery industry remaining high during the previous three quarters. In particular, cranes and concrete panels, with higher overall sales rates, were reflected in a company-level increase of 84 per cent in the collection of concrete and crane machinery, respectively.
And 55%, with a high rate of growth. Although the first half of 2020 was affected by the epidemic and the start of work and the sale of engineering machinery declined to varying degrees, the country resumed work and resumed production quickly, with limited impact on company performance, so we expect four.
Quarterly and year-round performance is more certain. (ii) Increased profitability of companies and significant increases in net interest rates on sales.
The Māori sales rate of 28.51 per cent was almost the same as in the previous year, with net sales interest rates reaching costs and costs, and a fall of about 3.9 percentage points in the same period, which contributed positively to the increase in net profits for companies.
Supported “end-to-end” management models that simplify the middle of business and clients lead to a significant decline in sales costs. At the same time, companies reduce their liabilities by increasing the efficiency of the use of funds, with financial costs falling by 96.13% in the previous three quarters.
The company ' s turnover days were 163.95 days, compared to 2019 and 2018, with (iii) high-altitude platforms, etc.
In addition, the company identifies the farm machine as a back-cycle product of engineering machinery, or will follow the replacement cycle of engineering machinery, superimposed by condensation.
As a result of a critical review of the overloading of earth vehicles and the gradual recovery of demand after the outbreak, we believe that the company, as a leading firm in concrete machinery products, is expected to generate substantial returns, and that the annual rate of recovery of concrete machinery products is expected to rise by more than 10%. The crane business, as a company's fist, will continue to be a national leader, while, under the differentiated market strategy of “one country, one region, one region,” the export earnings of cranes are expected to rise.
We expect companies to achieve net return profits in 2020-2022, the volatility of the concrete machinery industry, the failure of high-altitude operating platforms to expand and market competition to exacerbate the risks, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect connection to the report’s specific recommendations or views. Lee Liang’s Head of the Mechanical and Industrial Industry Group, the first in the financial world, The Wise Eye, the first in the Defence Force Industry, and the fourth in the New Wealth and Industrial Corps in 2015.
Master of Arts, University of Law and Technology, Japan. Bachelor of Science, Harbin Industrial University. Joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.