Charles Zhuang 庄怀超
巨化股份 Zhejiang Juhua (600160.CH)
受益于制冷剂长景气周期，布局高端氟材料产品
Benefiting from the long-term prosperity & laid out high-end fluorine material products
最新动态
公司为制冷剂行业龙头企业。公司氟制冷剂配额总量绝对领先,主流品种齐全且处于龙头地位,这是
公司的优势,拥有更大主动权和运作空间。公司将未雨绸缪,积极做好各种应对准备,努力创造更好
价值。公司目前 R32 总产能 19 万吨(本部 13 万吨、山东飞源 3 万吨、阿联酋 3 万吨),在建 3 万
吨, 预计能够满足生产需求。
布局液冷及数据中心等高端应用领域产品。作为国内氟化工龙头企业,公司的发展定位不仅仅围绕液
\triangleright
冷市场发展某种冷却液，而基于对航空航天、军工、半导体、集成电路、信息产业和人工智能、新能
源等产业快速发展的预期，持续加大研发投入，加快高性能氟材料的产品研发和应用开发。为此，公
司在改性 PTFE、电子级 PFA、FEP、PVDF、全氟磺酸树脂等含氟树脂，氟橡胶（含过氧化物硫化
氟橡胶、全氟醚橡胶等），氢氟醚系列、全氟聚醚系列等产品均有产能布局。未来仍将加大研发创新，
加强新产品、专用品种、新应用等方面的研发。在数据中心领域，需要多种氟材料产品支撑。如专用
氟树脂作为电和信号导线、管线、覆铜板加工等材料应用，专用氟橡胶作为密封件应用。氟制冷剂作
为冷水机组应用或冷板式冷却液应用, R227ea 作为灭火剂应用, 氢氟醚、全氟聚醚作为浸没式冷却
液应用等。
加快研发四代制冷剂产品。第四代氟制冷剂是公司当前及今后一定时期的发展重点。目前，公司第四
\triangleright
代氟制冷剂主要是 HFO-1234yf、HFO-1233zd 品种。其中，HFO-1234yf 今年产能到 1 万吨/年，预
计可达满产水平。此外，甘肃巨化计划建成年产 3.5 万吨 HFO-1234vf(多工艺路线)。HFO-1233zd
受发泡剂市场影响，产销量不及预期。从目前的替代品开发路线看，在氟制冷剂中，主流并不是
HFOs 单工质直接应用并对 HFCs 替代, 而是同时含 HFOs、HFCs 的混配产品。
动向解读
氟制冷剂市场保持良好增长趋势。以目前最大的两个消费市场(家用空调和汽车)为例,根据国家统
计局的数据, 2022 年至 2025 年 1-7 月, 我国房间空气调节器、汽车产量持续增长。尽管近几年我国
房地产处于下行周期,但我国房间空气调节器产量仍稳定增长。2022年22247.3万台,同比+1.8%;
万台, 同比+5.1%。
策略建议
盈利预测。我们给予公司 2025-2027 年归母净利润分别为 45.11/58.21/61.96 亿元。参考可比公司,
主要财务数据及预测
表: 可比公司估值
在建项目不及预期;制冷剂需求不及预期。
What's New
The company is a leading enterprise in the refrigerant industry. The total quota of fluorine refrigerants in the
company is absolutely leading, with a complete range of mainstream varieties and a leading position. This is the
advantage of the company, with greater initiative and operational space. The company will take proactive measures,
tons in the United Arab Emirates), with 30000 tons under construction, expected to meet production demand.
Layout high-end application products such as liquid cooling and data centers. As a leading domestic fluorine
\triangleright
chemical enterprise, the company's development positioning is not only focused on developing a certain type of
coolant in the liquid cooling market, but also on the expectation of rapid development in industries such as
aerospace, military, semiconductor, integrated circuit, information industry, artificial intelligence, and new energy. It
continues to increase research and development investment, accelerating the product research and application
development of high-performance fluorine materials. To this end, the company has established production capacity
for modified PTFE, electronic grade PFA, FEP, PVDF, perfluorosulfonic acid resin and other fluorine-containing
resins, fluororubber (including peroxide vulcanized fluororubber, perfluoroether rubber, etc.), hydrogen fluoride
ether series, perfluoropolyether series and other products. In the future, we will continue to increase research and
development innovation, strengthen the research and development of new products, specialized varieties, new
applications, and other aspects. In the field of data centers, various fluorine material products are needed to support
it. Special fluororesin is used as a material for electrical and signal wires, pipelines, copper-clad laminate processing,
and special fluororubber is used as a sealing component. Fluorine refrigerant is used as a chiller or cold plate
coolant, R227ea is used as a fire extinguishing agent, and hydrofluoroether and perfluoropolyether are used as
immersion coolant.
Accelerate the research and development of fourth generation refrigerant products. The fourth-generation
fluorine refrigerant is the focus of the current and future development of the company. At present, the company's
fourth generation fluorine refrigerants are mainly HFO-1234yf and HFO-1233zd varieties. Among them, the
production capacity of HFO-1234yf will reach 10000 tons per year this year, and it is expected to reach full
production level. In addition, Gansu Juhua plans to build an annual production capacity of 35000 tons of HFO-
1234yf (multi process route). HFO-1233zd was affected by the foaming agent market, resulting in lower-than-
expected production and sales volume. From the current development path of alternatives, the mainstream in
fluorine refrigerants is not the direct application of HFOs as a single working fluid to replace HFCs, but a mixed
product containing both HFOs and HFCs.
What's Different
The fluorine refrigerant market maintains a good growth trend. Taking the two largest consumer markets
currently (household air conditioning and automobiles) as an example, according to data from the National Bureau
of Statistics, the production of room air conditioners and automobiles in China will continue to grow from January
to July 2022 to 2025. Despite the downturn in China's real estate market in recent years, the production of room air
conditioners in China has continued to steadily increase. 222.473 million units in 2022, a year-on-year increase of
1.8%; 244.87 million units in 2023, a year-on-year increase of 13.5%; 265.984 million units in 2024, a year-on-year
increase of 9.7%; From January to July 2025, there were 183.455 million units, a year-on-year increase of 5.1%.
Action
Profit forecast. We give the company net profit of RMB 45.11/58.21/6.196 billion for 2025-2027. Referring to
comparable companies, the company is given PE of 19x for FY26, with TP of 41.04 yuan. We initiate with
"Accumulate" rating.
Risks
Projects under construction did not meet expectations; Refrigerant demand falls short of expectations.
业,主要覆盖化工和新材料行业。
业。环球富盛理财有限公司是一家香港的持牌券商机构,成立于2014年。
体、炸药、氟化工、分子筛、电解液和合成生物学等行业。覆盖的公司包括:东
岳集团、环球新材国际、中国心连心化肥、中化化肥、阜丰集团、中国三江化
工、中国联塑、浦林成山、米高集团、中国石油化学、中国旭阳集团、彩客新能
源、天徳化工、理文化工等。
微信: zhuangcharles
COMPANY RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
SECTOR RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon: 6 to 18 months
DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
(1) The Analysts and their associates do not serve as an officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(2) The Analysts and their associates do not have any financial interests in relation to the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(3) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries do not hold equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization of
the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(4) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries have not had investment banking relationships with the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report within the preceding 12 months.
(5) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries are not making a market in the securities in respect of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report.
(6) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limitedand/or its subsidiaries have not employed an individual serving as an officer of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report. There is no officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report associated with Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries.
DISCLAIMER
This Research Report does not constitute an invitation or offer to acquire, purchase or subscribe for securities by Global Prosperity Financial
Company Limited. Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies may do business that relates to companies covered
in research reports, including investment banking, investment services, etc. (for example, the placing agent, lead manager, sponsor,
underwriter or invest proprietarily).
Any opinions expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment strategies expressed orally or in written form by sales
persons, dealers and other professional executives of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited group of companies. Any opinions
expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment decisions made by the asset management and investment banking
groups of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited.
Though best effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information and data contained in this Research Report, Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information and data herein. This Research Report
may contain some forward-looking estimates and forecasts derived from the assumptions of the future political and economic conditions with
inherently unpredictable and mutable situation, so uncertainty may contain. Investors should understand and comprehend the investment
objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
This Research Report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located
in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would
subject Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
© 2025 Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Unit 2301, 23/F., 308 Central Des Voeux, 308 Des Voeux Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong