Round Express (600233.sh) 27 per cent increase in volume of business in the same year, with the first positive change in single fare prices In August, the company achieved 2,936 million yuan in express delivery, an increase of 28.64 per cent in the same year.
Business growth is high: new business developments, such as live broadcasts, the red economy and so forth, have led to rising demand for consumption on the line, with companies completing 8.99 billion items, an increase of 27.32 per cent over the previous year, higher than their counterparts in the industry, especially in the last two months, where the growth has exceeded the industry average.
In addition, there has been a sustained and intensive effort to expand the work of micro-shops, U.S. Online, Mushroom Street, etc., with an average of 46-48 million units per day.
The average daily volume is expected to exceed 50 million items per day during the two-to-one demand season.
For the first time since the year, it has been positive, with a 5.1% rise in the ring ratio, which is expected to continue with the onset of the season, and which is expected to lead to a marked improvement in corporate profitability by the end of this year. Cost control continues to work: companies have 75 self-owned hub transit centres since this year, in which
A total of 140 units of automated sorting equipment have been completed in transit centres, city distribution centres, etc. (92 units during the same period last year): 4033 units of main line transport vehicles (2002 during the same period last year), 67 per cent more units of main line transport vehicles, from 40 per cent last year, and digitized inputs, while the cost of circular tickets continues to be optimized.
Half-yearly, the cost of a single ticket for a delivery product is $2.08, a decrease of 2.63 per cent. The cost of a single ticket is equal to the cost of 0.51, and the operating cost of a single ticket centre is 5.52 per cent to 0.31 per cent lower than the cost.
Outside, the company owns 10 cargo aircraft, continuously upgrades the international air cargo infrastructure, improves its own aviation utilization and operating efficiency, and reduces aviation costs.
The competition is expected to slow down, and the company’s profitability is expected to improve continuously.