The Sini Hill Signals are in the air, and they're in the air, and they're in the air.
Business continues to increase, digitally released effect \triangleright 27/08/2021
Three hundred and forty-five million items, affected by the lower base figure for the same period, increased significantly by 88.89 per cent; and 21q2 completed business volume, which fully advanced the digital transformation and reduced the yield of the extracts, with cost, through the application of digital management tools, further fine-tuning of the full web cost controls.
Highest/minimum in the year: yuan, equal to the same ratio, mainly due to the increase in the price of finished goods and the cancellation of the concessionary policy for highway charges (millions of United States dollars):
With regard to the quality of services, the company, with the help of digital tools, has been able to obtain, transfer, transport, and distribute fastware products with precision analysis and time-frame control across the chain, with precision to guarantee fastware security and continuous upgrading of the client experience.In the reporting period, the company ' s total length of time was reduced by almost four hours, with a 15 per cent reduction in the average monthly rate of loss.
Client complaints fell by more than 38 per cent over the same period, and the quality of services improved across the board, capital investment increased and network infrastructure improved. Companies continued to increase core asset investment, \triangleright
By the end of June 2021, the company had 75 self-owned hub trans-shipment centres, an increase of 2 over the same period last year, with 140 units of automated sorting equipment, an increase of 48 over the same period last year, with 4033 main-line transport vehicles, more than double the number for the same period last year, and a more secure network base.
Investment recommendations: Industry regulatory policies are tightened, price wars are appreciably eased, leading courier companies are expected to make better profits. The volume of company couriers continues to grow and the city’s share is rising steadily. Through fine cost control, ITC Section A, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, 28th floor
13.96, 11.70, maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.