Wei Hongmei, March 31, 2023.
Research assistant: Impacts on the ecstasy chain, off-line retail operations, logistics distribution and installation delivery have led companies to see that they have maintained a two-fold increase in profits throughout the year, reflecting their long-term resilience.
The main reasons for maintaining growth were: (a) the use of high-end branding advantages to increase the value of single users; (b) the promotion of three-wing bird scene brands, promotion of synthesizing, scenario marketing and increased user turnover; and (c) 30 March 2023
2 Based on a global supply chain system and research and development platform, deep-farming overseas market networks, listing and leading products, upgrading the overseas product price index and increasing market share; 3 actively expanding new product categories such as dryer, dishwasher, heat pump, home cleaner robots, etc.
Subregionally, overseas operations have increased even more. (1) The Chinese market: In 2022, smart households in China achieved revenues of $126,379 million, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period.
Longer and better; in addition, the three-wing bird scene has been promoted to raise the ratio of high-end sales packages and unit prices. (2) The advantages of the globalization platform and the widespread application of product innovation technologies in global markets; the globalized supply chain; the guarantee of flexible supply and efficient synergies; and the use of the globalized production capacity to meet localized needs more quickly at the global level;
Promotion of high-end start-up strategies and continued improvement of the product price index, percentage points due mainly to: domestic markets benefiting from product structural upgrading, global platform R & D, digital change at the procurement and R & D end, lower prices for bulk raw materials in the second half of the year, and M & A rates for domestic operations
The same ratio rises; however, the positive effects of product structural optimization and price increases in overseas markets were offset in part by higher prices for bulk materials, with the Māori rate falling back the same year. Overall, the BD Māori rate rose steadily and performed better.
Change in word, marketing resource allocation, logistics warehousing, organizational efficiency, etc. Investment proposals: companies are one of the three major white power poles in the country, with well-developed overseas channels, risk of domestic and foreign sales; risk of price volatility of raw materials; risk of operating abroad; exchange rate risk; and risk of an epidemic.
The “positive” investors are only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle and high” risk, and “radical” investors are fit to use their own qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that they know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects their own research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.