Cheuk Seung-woo (300782.sz) Small batch production of self-built filter lines, short-term performance pressure, Shinko semiconductor
billion (Yoy-24 per cent). Of this amount, 2022 battalions received 905 million yuan (Yoy-23 per cent, qoq-32 per cent), resulting in net return to the mother huhui2@guosen.com.cn due to 1) poor demand in the mobile phone market, 2) changes in product marketing structure and competitive patterns
Subsistence device revenue has decreased as a result of the demand for mobile phones, and the share of modular products has increased further. In the first half of the year, smartphone demand was weak, and according to idc data, 1022 global smartphones were delivered at the same rate.
In the case of radio-frequency module products, companies have completed various receiving end-module product layouts, and the newly introduced ifem product using the sige process in the last half of the year has been realized on the client side.
Output goods, while the first half of the year ' s successful output items were applied to the main collection of send-and-run module products in the 5gnr band, l-pamif. Under the ongoing product roll-out and optimization, the company radio frequency module earned $688 million in the first half of the year.
The CHO semiconductor industrialization project is proceeding as planned, increasing product performance and efficiency on a volume-based basis. The filter products of the company’s own production lines now include saw filters, high performance filters, binoculars and quadruples, of which saw filters have been produced in small quantities and will enter the code in 3022.
Modular production stage; high performance filters have been produced in small batches and are about to enter the scale production phase; dual and quadruple machines have been conducted with crystal drills, and initial validation results have reached the design target. It is expected that integrated radio frequency filters in products such as difem, l-difem and gps modules will gradually use self-produced filters in the second half of the year.
The main collection of send-and-receipt models, with high income innovation, will also actively promote separate filter products to the market.
Investment proposal: Self-built filter lines will enhance the competitiveness of companies by maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Biannual performance forecast: 5g radio frequency (RF) module, Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase, Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits
Figure 5: Single-season income and rate of increase for companies Figure 6: Single-season net profit return and rate of increase for companies Figure 7: Māori rate of companies, changes in net interest rates
Figure 8: Main rates of companies. Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion without any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject