The demand is weak and the self-built filters are moving beyond expectations — the semi-annual review report (300782.sz) — and the semi-annual 2022 annual report: the first half of 2022.
2.235 billion yuan, a decline of 5.27 per cent in the same year, a net return return profit of 752 million, low demand, growth of the module collection, first half of 2022, influenced by weak demand, recurring epidemics, smart hands, etc.
The machine market is weak, and the idc data show that 314 million q1 global smartphones came out in 2022, a decline of 8.9 per cent compared to the previous year, while the idc downgraded the 2022 global smart class, with radio frequency separation devices and radio frequency modules achieving separate camps in the first half of the year.
1.516 billion yuan (8.7 per cent of the same year) and 688 million yuan (+3.9 per cent of the same year) are expected to be advanced in self-build filters, which are expected to be applied to the module in the second half of the year.
1- "The Chinese Securities * Report *Sweeper, Double Worker and Fourth Worker, etc., so far saw filters have been in small batches in the first half of the year (300782); the number of modules has risen rapidly.
Production, which will enter the mass production phase in the third quarter; the upper half of the high-performance filters, which will begin with the year of the transformation of Fablite, will enter the small-volume production phase, which will soon be the mass production phase.
In addition, two- and four-worker transistors have been carried out and the initial validation results have reached the design target.
Report - DHOW-300782- Front end of national production radio frequency (RF)
Integrating filters in products such as wavers and low-noise amplifiers will be phased in Liu -220112 (2022-01-12) with home-grown filters, while separate filter products will be actively promoted to the market.
Long-termism. Long-term development of the layout. The company has gained a stronger competitive advantage in the field of radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers for radio-frequency separation device products.
Capability. With the launcher of the module becoming a full-scale radio frequency front-end provider to the receiving programme, recognized by a large number of well-known smartphone branders, and entering the supply chain system as a major supplier, the newly launched master collection and distribution model
Group products have been recognized by brand clients, further enriching the layout of the product lines, while companies have moved from the Fables business model to the Fab-lite business model, where building their own filter lines gives companies access to chip design, process manufacturing and sealing tests.
The entire industry chain is capable of achieving further synergies in the entire product chain, guaranteeing the autonomous control of production capacity. According to idc, as the risk drops, the market warms back 1.9%, we believe that the company insists on long-termism, laying out in the downward cycle of demand.
The long-term development of the future and the upgrading of core competitiveness, followed by the development and application of 5g and the trend of radio front-end modularization, will continue to provide new performance growth points for corporate development. The impact is short-term, with companies insisting on R & D inputs, continuing to roll out new products and building their own ones.
The filter line provides an advantage for future development, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. Industry’s downside risks, product R & D less than expected, industry competition for increased risk, overseas policy changes, etc.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Xiaoyi Zhao, Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Technology, Master of Arts in Electronics and Finance, Liu Xing, Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, has reflected my research views in the Chinese-Cypriot Wu Chien Chip.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.