Short-term exposure to falling demand for mobile phones, long-term self-build line advantage highlighted Short-term exposure to falling demand for mobile phones, but full layout, technology leadership, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings
For domestic radio-frequency chips, the technology is strong, and the current valuation is low, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
Corresponding to 1.40 pcts; radio frequency grouping collected 688 million yuan, or +3.90 per cent, and Māori rates were equal to 13.92 pcts. 2022h1 was influenced by weak demand, repeated outbreaks, and the market for smartphones was depressed. According to idc, 2022q1 global smartphones delivered 314 million, or 8.9 per cent, compared to 8.9 per cent in 2022.
The market for smartphones is 1.31 billion items, i.e. 3.5 per cent. But idc projects that, as risk declines, it upgrades the fem products in the 5gnr band by means of indicators such as extra gain, noise factor, power consumption, etc., and continues to improve the competitiveness of the product; and the company has introduced a new fem product using the sige process and is already in the process.
As of 2022h1, the company ' s home-grown filter product included saw filters for high-performance growth, full-growth power - mass production; high-performance filters had been produced in small batches and were about to enter mass production; dual and quadruple units were already in production.
Division ' s Information Update Report 2022.4.28 Slides, with preliminary validation results to meet design targets. Difem, l-difem and gps models are expected to be launched in the second half of the year. Draft equity incentives, determination of long-term growth
Products such as integrated radio-frequency filters and low-noise amplifiers will gradually adopt self-produced filters, while the company update report 2022.1.28 promotes separate filter products to the market. The company’s own-line advantage is expected to become apparent in the future.
High Performance Growth, Focus on New Radio Frequency Model Releases