Nasda (002180.sz): Bentos up and up. Nasda q2 Q2 Q1 returns positive on a one-quarter basis, h1 returns net profit of 18.66% on a year-on-year basis. Company 2021h1 collects.
The company is a company that develops, designs, and grows in integrated circuit chips without significant growth, but achieves a 9% increase in the second quarter alone, negative for four consecutive quarters. Production and sales are at the core, printing consumables with lasers and inkjets.
In terms of cost, the Māori rate of 34.65 per cent decreased by 2.03 per cent compared to the same period, mainly due to the fact that the cost of performing the contract was based on the cost of the printer industry for future high-tech companies. The cost decreased by 2.59 per cent compared to the same period.
Industry, the world's leading printer encryption soc core, sales costs and financial costs have fallen by 23.32 per cent, 20.40 per cent, overall cost control, project design, leading industry in the global commons industry.
At the profit end, the profits of the company grew by 13.93% over the year, the net profit of the mother was $426 million, the same as the increase of 18.66%, and the profits grew faster than the harvest.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Big brands, 603,000 sales in the first half of the year, an increase of more than 20 per cent over the same year, revenues of $6,850 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent over the same period, mainly affected by loss on exchange, shortage of semiconductor components and global logistics delays.
In foreign markets, the output of printers has increased by over 100%, and in the domestic market by over 50%. In industry markets, channels markets, and power suppliers, the map has found appropriate business models and marketing strategies, and the city’s presence and influence have increased further.
The Apik Weibo electronics (including polar sea semiconductors) have increased their profitability, and the introduction of multiple generic mcu and soc security chips has further enriched the innovative business lines. In the first half of the year, the company launched a new item 5 in the first half of the year, with nine mcu new items expected to be market-oriented throughout the year.
The company’s general mcu has made major breakthroughs in head-to-head sales in the areas of auto electronics, industrial electronics, medical devices, and high-end consumer electronics. In the case of the network soc secure chips, the company’s industrial Internet soc-ese secure master chip has six products, which should have been approved.
For electricity grids, high-end industries, digital control devices, and other important safety areas, as well as industrial and industrial core equipment. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company's net return profits in 2021-2023 to bring synergy to the integrated material-printer-service layout, respectively, and the Benteo+Libranch break-up of printer technology.
Artistic monopolies, chips plus consumables continue to expand the profit margin, and companies are expected to be world-class printers leading and important competitors in the field of industry, security chips, generic mcu, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
002180.sz: Beneath high expectations, business as a whole remained steady, and Eastern wealth as a source of prosperity.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Bentley's growth is high and the business as a whole is robust.
In the fields of computing, information networking, medical informatization, industrial software, big data, smart network cars, visual industries, material networking applications 5g, financial technology and digital money, industry research creates value.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.