3x50.sz. 3-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six-Six.
The company plans to issue 223 million shares to purchase the Zhejiang III shares held by Zhejiang Green Energy Industries Group Ltd., and to raise an auxiliary funds of up to 1,322 million yuan.
0 “Project for the construction of 11.5 million new energy car parts per year”, “New 7.3 million new energy units per year”, “Project for the technical adaptation of components of the auto heat management system”, “New 12.7 million vehicle air-conditioning control units per year”
Technology improvement project, “Extension of product-testing houses and production of assistive houses.” The new energy car market is a huge space with a strong three-flash zero power. 507,000 new energy cars were sold nationwide in 2016, representing only 1.8 per cent of the total vehicle sales in 2016.
In the short term, the new energy automobile industry is adversely affected by the subsidy slopes, and is driven in the long term by positive factors such as environmental policy plus codes and power cell energy density, which will continue to be sustained.
Dee, Gilly, a new-energy car company, certified as a first-level supplier. The three-breeding research institute has been studying new energy car parts for years, obtaining more than 200 patents and offering more than 95% free of charge.
The company's traditional car parts, dominated by the expansion valves, the receptacles and the coolers, the water coolers, etc., are ready for future operations.
And the company’s main customers are Mercedes, General, Cars, Biadey, Wall, Gang Bell, Steam, Steam, Gas, Volkswagen, Farreaux, and others. And the company continues to open new markets, now through Honda, Ford, and Me.
In 2016, more than 14 million expansion valves, more than 9 million receptacles, and 1.37 million heat-resilient valves were sold. The company’s traditional auto parts manufacturing business is mature, and we expect to continue to maintain a steady growth in the company’s air-conditioning parts and components industry, with continued optimization of the product structure and an upturn in industry.
The company is looking forward to the future through various projects, and through the certification of Honda, America’s general and Fortelle’s large full-car manufacturers. The company forecast its operating income in 2017, 2018, 2019 to be 9,035 million Tesla, respectively, below expectations, and the need for air conditioning.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.