It's a good one, Tesla.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company announcement that the issue of shares by companies to purchase assets and collect funds was approved by the CSRC Merger and Repurchase Committee and reissued on 23 June.
Three-flash zero assets are good, and the company's performance increases. Three-flash zeros are the leading car air conditioning and heat management systems, and part suppliers, with customers covering world-renowned manufacturers such as Fareo, Mahler, Esdac, and the main power, the product expansion valves, are ahead of the global share of the receptacles. At the same time, three-flash zeroes are in the same way as deep-deep traditional cars.
At that time, new products from the new energy car air conditioning and heat management system were further expanded, and the leading new energy car manufacturers, Tesla and Biadei, were successfully opened. In 2016, the net profit was $134 million with a commitment to a net profit of no less than $169 million, $208 million and $245 million for 2017-2019.
Tesla is expected to arrive in Shanghai in the near future to accelerate the process of nationalization, which is expected to promote Tesla’s promotion in the Chinese market.
With a global order of 500,000 model3 for the Sra main vehicle, a trial work was launched on 20 February, with production scheduled for trial in July and official production expected in September, with sales expected to reach 400,000 in 2018, and with three-channel zeros, certified by the Tesla level I supplier, to obtain the product ' s quality of supply, and with this,
Traditional refrigeration units have grown steadily, and assets have been injected into Tesla’s high-quality targets, creating new growth points for profits.
The sale of air conditioners is not as expected: Tesla sales are not as expected: M&As are not as fast as expected.
Weili1@gjzq.com.cn Market Report Rating Ratio Analysis and then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.