On the evening of 1 April, the three-man plan to acquire the assets of the parent company and move into the new energy vehicle sector issued an announcement to distribute shares to the three greens and buy 100% of the three-flower zeros held by the three greens; and to raise the sum of the shares to no more than 10 specific investors in the form of a request for quotations.
>Synergized development to successfully enter the new energy automobiles sector, with 3x0 since its inception focusing on research and development, production and marketing of auto-air conditioning and heat management system control components. > Global market share of corporate car-conditioning expansion valve sales exceeded 16% in 2016, and domestic market share exceeded
In the new energy car air conditioning and heat management system component control products, the use of electronic water pumps and electronic water valves has been widely applied in the Chinese market. Three steam zeros have become certified suppliers and long-term partners in the global procurement of internationally renowned auto air conditioning and heat management system manufacturers in countries such as Fareo and Malébé.
In comparison with the trend of 300 depths, the unit achieved synergies between the company on the one hand, as the company and the acquisition of the same upstream accompaniment products that belong to household, commercial and vehicle air conditioning, on the other hand, the company moved into the new energy car field, with a zero needle.
Technology for products such as e-inflated valves, refrigerant valves, batteries coolers, etc. developed for the new energy car heat management system is in the lead in the world, and now provides a bulk supply of new energy cars in Europe and the United States.
The annual consolidated statement, after deducting the non-recurring gains and losses, amounts to no less than $622 million in net profits attributable to the parent company. The company uses equity compensation, i.e., the three-wild control to buy back shares at a total RMB 1 price.
The formula is: compensation for shares = (the sum of the actual net profits accumulated over a period of one to three years of commitment)  the sum of the projected net profits accumulated in each year of the commitment period x the total share subscriptions
. This means that if the performance rate is lower, the shares issued will be recovered in proportion, and a significant decrease will reduce the risk that the performance will fall short of expectations. Trading prices are reasonable, and the value of the company will decline after the acquisition.
The acquisition price of $2.15 billion, based on 16 years of actual non-net profits, corresponds to 16 times the value of pe; The growth of the automobile industry has led to the development of the auto parts and components industry, including auto air conditioning and heat management system control components, while the outbreak of new energy vehicles has created new market opportunities, in the light of the development prospects of the subject matter.
With regard to the new energy vehicle air conditioning and heat management system control component products, the electronic pumps and electronics produced from the zero-flash production have been widely used in the Chinese market.
The company listed will raise, by means of a request for quotations, an amount of not more than 10 (including 10) non-public shares of the eligible target group, not more than $1.32 billion, for the "one and a half million new energy units per year."
The collection of matching funds is conditional on the purchase of assets, but their success does not affect the execution of the purchase of assets by issuing shares.
3. The new cold year of air conditioners was opened, and industry sales continued. III. Prospectives and investment proposals. In terms of the company ' s current operations, commercial air conditioners and microchannels grew rapidly in 2017, and the domestic air conditioner industry chain remained in place.
With the upward cycle, Avico continuing to improve, short-term corporate performance will continue to grow rapidly. We judge the 17-year profit growth rate. In the medium to long term, the company's commercial air-conditioning business is already on the scale and its penetration will increase rapidly in the future; micro-channel operations will also be replaced by an increase in energy-efficient environmental requirements, and huge market space will open up; and Euro-American customers will return to Asia and the Pacific.
The opening of the market for dishwashers will also boost the steady growth of Aveco, with companies growing in the medium to long term. If the acquisition succeeds, the company will also open up new areas of growth.
Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai, in 2011 to study strategy studies. From 2014 to the present, he has been transferred to research in the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,