On 22 June, the company announced that it would buy 100% of the stock of the three-flash zero and raise the matching funds.
The two sides have developed in synergy, and the company's space in the new energy car field has opened up \triangleright, which since its inception has focused on the development of components for the control of car air conditioning and heat management systems.
Production and marketing. In 2016, the global rate of market sales of the three-flash zero car air-conditioning expansion was over 16%, and the domestic market was over 37%. We believe that this acquisition will, on the one hand, facilitate complementarities and co-development of resources between the company and the three-flashed zero, and, on the other hand, when the deal is completed, will allow the company ' s product lines to be further improved, allowing for further improvement.
The company has moved into the new energy car industry to tap into the huge market space for a new energy car air-conditioning heat management system, and zero performance growth will provide a sustained boost to the performance growth of listed companies. The industry is competitive, benefiting from the development of the new energy car industry.
Triple Zero has now become a global procurement by manufacturers of auto-air-conditioning heat management systems, such as Fareo, Mallebé, the unit compared to the 300-deep-deep-deep supplier and, at the same time, the first-tier supplier of Mercedes, General, Tesla, Biadei, etc.
In 2017, Sladex and Szla expected to sell more than 80,000 units, model3 products, and production is expected to grow by more than 50% over the next three years, with three-butter zeros maximizing the benefits of the development of the new energy car industry. For the company’s current business, the company’s commercial air conditioning and microchannel operations grew rapidly in 2017, and Avico continued to grow well.
The chain of domestic air-conditioning industry is still on the rise. Corporate air-conditioning valves benefit from continued high growth in the sale of air-conditioning products, which grew by 36% on a year-on-year basis, by 65% on a year-on-year basis, and by more certainty in the company’s performance as a champion of zero air-conditioning components.
In the medium-to-long term, the commercial air-conditioning business of the company has become larger and the penetration rate will increase rapidly in the future; the upgrading of microchannel operations to energy-efficient environmental requirements will also accelerate the replacement process and the opening of large market spaces; and the return of customers from Europe and America and Asia and the Pacific.
The opening of the market for dishwashers will also boost the firm’s steady growth in the long term. This buy-in will open up new growth areas for the company. We look forward to the company’s long-term growth and continue to maintain highly recommended ratings.
1. MHWW: 20170612: MHW: MHW: MH: RV: RV: RV: 2. MHW: MHW: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH: MH:
The impact of the decline was limited, with a continuation of the breakdown of the lead in the recommended air-conditioning industry chain and the industry in the breakdown of the lead in the forecast of the company's financial statements.
Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai, has been working on civil securities in 2011 for strategic studies. From 2014 to the present, he has been transferred to research in the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,