Biadibyd (002594ch) continued to show a high performance during the quarter, with a marked improvement in profitability in the new car cycle 1q23 resultsketthiggroveth, optimisticaboutnewmodelcygovernanceimproving profitability
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
This compares favourably with the major city ' s outperform performance during the first quarter, and the new energy automobiles ' share continues to rise.
htiesg than-1.1pcts, we believe that the decline in the ring comparison is due to the withdrawal of subsidies and the downfall in the price of lithium carbonate, which has not yet been reflected. Biadi's car sales have continued to grow strongly, with 1023 car sales.
The msciesg rating amounted to 567,000,552,000 vehicles, representing a 97 per cent increase of 93 per cent over the same year, the country's new energy vehicle company, which sold its crown, and the new energy vehicle occupancy rate increased by 13 pcts to 37.8 per cent over the same year.
Operating costs control is effective, and cloud technology consolidates the technological lead. The company’s daily turnover for 1q23 years (a three-month average) cost 11.86% over the same period +2.94 pcts.
At the same time, the costs are effectively controlled. For R & D, the company’s 1q23 R & D costs – cloudy, and the rollout of the cloudy product matrix, which includes cloudy c, cloudya, pricereturn-mscicchina.
By the end of 2022, Biadi had accumulated over 39,000 patents, authorized over 27,000 patents and nearly 70,000 R & D.
The company’s 1q23 car exports amounted to 38,723 and new energy vehicles have entered 51 countries and regions around the world, including Japan, Germany, Australia, and Brazil. We believe that the domestic car terminal market is still weak and effective this year.
In a context where demand has yet to be fully released, moving out of the sea by car will be an important new engine of growth for Biadi. This year, competition for new energy vehicles in the country has become increasingly hot, and Biadi has followed other new energy players in April to introduce discounts on vehicle models, which we believe to be Biadi.
With some pre-emptive advantages abroad, and high-end pricing strategies in major export markets like Europe, firms’ car profitability has been able to recover steadily. Seeing new cycle sales performance, it is expected to improve profitability significantly.
The new cars under the Yadi flag will be launched in mid-year. The Seagulls, the latest in the Ocean series, will open a 24-hour pre-sale order.
Huan, and the stupor N7 of the luxury suv hunt, opened a seven-day blind order of over 10,500. We're looking at the company's ability to climb up the slopes and hopefully lead to a further improvement in the car's Māori ratio after the start of the new car cycle in May.
The combined strength is significantly superior to that of most of the industry’s self-employed companies, with a certain margin of appreciation) and a “good dry market” rating is maintained. And it is expected that the new-energy automobile industry will not be as strong as expected.
Barneyyao oscarwang