With a high growth rate of 2022, 2023 continuing the major N-type silicon silicon, and a high performance growth rate of 2022, the high profile of the industry and the strong corporate alpha, the expansion of the company's productive capacity, technological innovation and product upgrading brought about a sharp rise in prices.
According to the Chinese Photovoltaic Association of cpia, global optimism estimates that the number of photovoltaic loads in 2023 will reach 330gw, calculated to correspond to the demand for silicon for about 386gw components, more than 500gw single crystal silicon and 1.3 million tons of silicon, with a national production of silicon of about 357gw in 2022 and +57.5 per cent in the same year.
National production of silicon is expected to reach 535.5gw in 2023. The annual income of the company is 50,901 million yuan, or 75.96 per cent, an increase of 60.08 per cent. The company achieved 140gw at the end of 2022, increased by more than 30 per cent on the same scale, and the market for silicon is the highest in the world. With the continued expansion of production and technological capacity of the Sinakawa project, it is expected that by 2023 it will have reached 180gw, maintaining full capacity.
The single crystal size is the first. Industrially 4.0 flexible manufacturing of enabling products enhances company manufacturing efficiency and technological skills. When silicon production capacity is sufficient and downstream demand is expected to rise, quartz becomes a “cricket” link in the light-voltage industrial chain, and the company maintains good cooperative relationships with its suppliers for many years. Supply is secure, and the ability to deliver can help the company maintain high-volume growth, increase market share and maintain high-end n
The size of the silicon silicon is 2023n, the size of the silicon silicon is tight, the strength of the semiconductor is high, and, according to cpia, the city share of the silicon n will be below 10 per cent in 2022, rising to around 25 per cent in 2023, corresponding to 2023.
National production of silicon is 535.5gw, and production of silicon n will reach over 130gw, while the g12 silicon market is expected to exceed 25% in 2023. The high-quality large-size n silicon is scarce in the photovolt industry, market demand continues to expand, the global market for company n products is the largest, and the capacity of the g12 silicon is 70%.
The firm’s firm layout g12-sized large silicon tablets, which are the main suppliers of g12 silicon tablets in the market, promotes fine-lined, thin-silkized development, and raises silicon success rates and yield rates through technological improvements in the chip chain. The controlling company’s ring leads in the acquisition of 100% equity in the core semiconductor with an additional $4.87 billion, benefiting from industrial policy support, domestic silicon companies.
At the end of 2022, the company’s 6/8/12 inches of monthly production could reach 900,000 pieces per month and 320,000 pieces, respectively. The company is in a leading position in the industry in terms of large n silicone, thinning, and as the volume of downstream N battery products continues to increase, the company’s market share will continue to rise.
Motivation; lower-than-expected diffusion of new technologies; unsatisfied capacity of firms; trade protectionism that hinders overall industry development; proactive price breakthroughs based on cost advantages; and high-growth q3-led, large-scale, thin, n-silicon, etc.
In 2022, the company realized operating income of 67,01 billion yuan, +63.02% of the year, a net profit of 6,819 million yuan for the mother, +69.21% of the year, a revenue of 3,265 million yuan for the conductor industry (i.e., other silicon materials), + 53,57% for the same year, and a Māori rate of 25,20%.
50,900 million yuan, 18,95 per cent of gross revenues, 75.96 per cent of total revenues, 10,841 million yuan in photovoltaic components, and 619 million yuan in photovoltaic power plants.In 2022, the photovoltaic industry maintained a high profile and continued expansion of the company’s productive capacity, promoting technological innovation, product upgrading and downgrading efficiency gains, which led to high price increases and high performance growth.
To continuously increase the market penetration and sales of large g12 silicone tablets.Figure 12022 corporate revenues on a year-on-year basis +63.02% (billions)
Figure 8 Rewinds after the price of silicon silicon is reduced (megas/films) The future industry has a high degree of certainty, the core competitiveness of manufacturing capacity, technological innovation achievements, the high-silent photovoltaic industry, where the advantage of the vanguard is even more evident.
260gw, an increase of 49.86% over the same period. The additional photovoltaic net capacity in the country is 87.41gw, the same ratio is +59.3%, and the national production of silicon is about 357gw, the same period is +57.5%. In 2023, the supply of raw materials upstream in the global photovoltaic market has gradually been eased, the load has continued to improve, and silicon has been structurally strained.
Global demand for components and silicon is expected to reach about 386gw and 511gw, respectively. The company’s industry was about 20% in 2022, and it is expected to further consolidate its position in 2023, with the supply chain of quartz and silicon.
In 2023, domestic production of silicon is expected to reach 535.5gw, of which the production of silicon n is estimated to be over 130gw and the production of silicon g12 is about 159gw. High-quality large-sized n silicon is scarce, while the global market for company n products is the highest, while leading the promotion of 110 m products in the area of thin film, with the prospect of pre-empting the rapid growth of hjt technologies downstream.
While silicon production capacity is sufficient and downstream demand is expected to rise, silicon sand and quartz have become a “crystal” link in the light-voltage industrial chain. Companies maintain good cooperative relationships with their suppliers for many years, and the ability to supply can help companies to maintain high output growth and increase their market share. At the same time, companies are leading in the production of silicone.
The definitional, bid and pricing rights in the silicon chain will be further consolidated during the downward cycle of silicon prices.
Figure 11 Silicon accelerates to a large size. Figure 12n Silicon Silicon film thinner trend (μm). Figure 14n battery market share continues to increase.
Figure 13n silicon market share rises rapidly. Figure 15 Silicon price rebounds with a downward trend (millions per ton). Figure 16 Silicon price rises slightly in recent times (modes/shares).
In the industries of single crystallized and secret materials, steel, etc., there has been an in-depth study of both technology and cycle, as well as continuous and in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and a research framework has been established for “China's manufacturing investment cycle”.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, with limited energy devoted to serving more primary and secondary markets where the needs of the country are met, the industry is flourishing and the people have faith, without which it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.