Conlong became (300759), with steady growth in performance, reported for: performance rating, robust growth in performance and improved cash flow. In the first three quarters of 2023, the net return on corporate revenue was 85.6 million and 1.140 billion, respectively.
RMB, 15.6 per cent and 18.5 per cent, respectively, over the same period; net cash flows from non-ifrs, adjusted to the mother ' s gain of $1.41 billion, increased by 45.5 per cent and cash flows, respectively. q3 single quarter, public revenue of $2.92 billion, an increase of 5.5 per cent; net return to the mother ' s share of $350 million, a decrease of 6.1 per cent; and noon-ifrs, adjusted by 6.1 per cent.
Corporate clients are more sticky, global service capacity is significant, and overseas contributions are mostly increasing. 1) By region of delivery, domestic delivery revenue is still the main delivery point, and overseas delivery income is growing rapidly.
Clients in other regions earn about $230 million, or 3%. 3) Corporate customers are sticky. Corporate clients are sound in their basestone business by client type, and new businesses are growing.
In the event of a cooling down, early projects slowing down or being cancelled, the business can still maintain its growth momentum, evidence the robust growth of pre-clinical services at the company level, and the release of the new business in time — the company Jane.
This increase is due to a decline in the Māori rate, which is due mainly to the fact that the capacity is still climbing and the number of new employees is increasing. 3) Clinical cro incomes are increasing rapidly, and Māori rates are improving continuously. In clinical research, in the first three quarters of 2023, the company earned 1.260 billion yuan (+28.5%), mainly in the prevailing environment, the pharmaceutical industry gave priority to the clinical phase project, the company’s clinical operations were phased out, and the Māori rate was sustained.
In the case of big molecules and cgt, the decline in the Maori rate in the three quarters of 2023 was mainly due to the fact that the business was still under investment. The platform continued to increase client stickyness, and business-to-business synergies and global service capabilities.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the results of the study, which are presented in an independent and objective manner.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.