Europa (603833.sh) Light-working other light-works iii Epidemic impactq1 performance, positively responding to or in anticipation of improved performance
In 2019, the company kept its performance at a rate of more than 17 per cent and its performance at a higher level in the industry, using the overall strategic tone of “sustainability and affordability” as a basis. The main factors were the decline in the Māori rate for major products such as cabinets, closets, etc. The net interest rate remained essentially at the same level as the previous year, mainly for a period of time.
In terms of product growth, the overall closet and the overall closet remain at 45.76 per cent, 38.18 per cent, 4.61 per cent and 4.41 per cent respectively.
For the same period, the overall closet, overall bath, and custom wooden doors have continued to grow rapidly. For the Māori rate, the overall closet and overall closet rates have remained above 35%, while the overall closet, overall closet, overall bath and custom wooden gate rates have decreased by 3.21, 2.06, 0.28, and 1.20 percentage points respectively in 2019.
In 19 years, the company promoted a strategy of full-channel deployment, with different levels of growth, with self-employment, distribution and revenue from bulk operations increasing by 14.91 per cent, 14.11 per cent and 52.53 per cent, respectively, with large volumes of business continuing to perform well. In 19 years, the company expanded its engineering cabinets.
In the same period in the previous year, the rate of growth was 5.49 percentage points, and the income contribution was 3.67 percentage points. The company was able to build up its business, which had improved by 2019.
At the end of the year, the company had 275 dealers, and had 288 dealers: it had achieved nearly $700 million in the year, which was a powerful boost to the company’s overall performance. In terms of the Māori ratio, it was profitable to run a business.
There has been an increase, while the distribution channels and the Māori rate of major operations have declined to varying degrees, with direct company activity having been hit by the epidemic in 19 years, with 20q1 performance falling. Since the beginning of the quarter, affected by the epidemic, housing sales and renovations are needed.
Postponement, late opening of home construction materials and shopping malls, and insufficient marketing of end-of-end activities led to a decline in overall performance in the furniture industry, a 35.09 per cent decline in corporate business income of 20q1 over the same period, and a positive increase in net return to euro-based households: 209q1 performance, large, large, large.
By contrast, as the leader of the custom industry, active multidimensional response to the epidemic, performance declined within the industry.
Investment proposals: In the second quarter, we believe that there has been some improvement in performance, mainly in: 1) completion of real estate, sales data or improvements, and gradual warming of the demand side; 2) opening of construction and shopping malls, recovery, or improvement of the performance of the various channels; 3) part of the q1 order is expected to be measured and installed below q2 lines.
Income or partial delay is recognized in q2. Throughout the year, the company, as the leader of the custom furniture industry, has been well-off in cash and has been active since the onset of the epidemic, with a comprehensive strategy of adjusting, forging core competitiveness, reaching out, managing risks for distributors throughout the year; the risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices; and the impact of the epidemic is exceeding expectations.
Higher performance continued in 19, with 20q1 performance affected by the epidemic Downward demand in the custom furniture industry since 2019, increased competition in the industry, and companies based their strategy on “enable and affordable” growth of 17.59 per cent year-on-year earnings, 17.02 per cent return net profit and 17.02 per cent increase in performance rates to maintain higher levels of water in the industry.
Parity. The impact of the epidemic since the first quarter of 2020 has led to a decline in corporate product sales and performance, with a 35.09 per cent decline in the year-on-year income of the 2020q1 company and a loss on the net profit of the mother. (i) Performance grew at a higher rate in 19 years, with well-regulated net interest rates largely flat.
The company achieved sales revenue of 13,533 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 17.91 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother of 1,839 million yuan, an increase of 17.02 per cent in the same year. Increased industry competition and fragmentation of channel flows became more apparent in 2019, with the company maintaining a “standable and affordable” overall performance growth rate of more than 17 per cent and a higher performance rate in the industry throughout the year.
Figure 4: Companies ' cost rate (ii) downed by 20q1 performance over the last five years compared to industry, and we also note that, since the quarter, affected by the epidemic, housing sales and fittings have fallen.
Delays in demand for repairs, late opening of home construction materials and shopping malls, and insufficient marketing of end-of-end activities led to a decline in overall custom furniture industry performance, a positive multidimensional response to the impact of the epidemic as the company leads the custom industry, and a decline in performance within industry figure 8: cost rates during the company's quarterly period
ii. The overall closet has been growing rapidly, the bulk business has performed well, and the whole closet, whole bath, custom wooden doors have continued to grow rapidly over the same period in the previous year. On the access side, the company’s direct channels, distribution channels, and bulk business have all grown to varying degrees in 2019, with a large increase.
The performance of the bulk business continued to be impressive, with the bulk of the business increasing by 5.49 percentage points over the same period the previous year. (i) The overall closet was growing at a steady rate and the closets were growing at a rapid rate. The sales of products such as closets, whole baths and custom wooden doors accounted for 45.76 per cent, 38.18 per cent, 4.61 per cent and 4.41 per cent, respectively.
1) Total cabinets: In 2019, the whole cabinet was hit by the impact of the fine market, the company came together to build a new business model of “seine plus”, re-constructed retail terminal “human yard”, maintained an increase of 7.43 per cent throughout the year, the rate of increase was almost the same as in the previous year, and the revenue contribution fell by $246.5 per set:
2) Total closets: sustained growth at marketing end, channel end, product end, model end, 24.56% of total closet revenue in 19 years, and continued rapid growth with an increase of 2.14 percentage points to 38.18% in revenue contribution. By splitting, total closet income increased. 3) Total bath: 37.67% income growth in 2019, 0.67 percentage points to the corporate income as a whole.
4) Customized wooden doors: Customized wooden doors maintained a rapid growth rate of 25.86 per cent in 2019, increased corporate income, 26.6 per cent in 19 sales and slightly decreased unit prices by 5.9 per cent. Māori ratio remained above 35 per cent for overall cabinets, overall closets, and overall closet hairs in 2019
Interest rates were 36.60 per cent and 39.91 per cent respectively, representing a decline of 3.21, 2.06 percentage points, respectively; overall bathing, custom wooden gate Māori, figure 12: overall closet sales, unit prices and unit Māori, figure 13: overall bath sales, unit prices and unit Māori
Figure 14: Customized woodgate sales, unit prices and unit Māori (ii) full-channel layout, high-performing business performance, 19 years of company promotion of a full-channel layout strategy, active layout, tailor-made, well-suited and well-organized, while maintaining the pre-existing advantages and status of the channel
The company’s direct channels, distribution channels, and bulk operations have all grown to varying degrees, with large volumes of business continuing to perform well and with large percentage points. In 2019, the share of direct channels, distribution channels, and bulk operations was 2.60 per cent, respectively, according to the revenue structure of the channel.
In 2019, the European Department of Industry and Development installed the five main lines of “Producer Research and Development, Alliance Recruitment, Training Assistance, Order Delivery, Supply Chain Integration” and intensified the exploration of the plastic business model. By the end of 2019, the company had 275 dealers and 288 stores;
The growth in corporate overall performance was strongly boosted by the achievement of nearly $700 million a year in billing performance. With respect to the Māori rate, there was an increase in the profitability of direct shops, while the distribution channel, the bulk Māori rate, had fallen to varying degrees, with the company ' s direct lines, distribution channels, the bulk Māori rate in 2019 being 67.05 per cent, 35.02 per cent and 34.63 per cent, respectively.
Cash flow is good, with a proposed increase of 4 shares per 10 in 19 to find cash dividends. Cash flow from corporate operations is good. Net cash flows from corporate operations were 2,156 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 6.84 per cent over the same period, the highest level of net cash flows from corporate operations since listing.
The Red Policy, which found a cumulative gold dividend of $735 million to all shareholders between 2017 and 2018, and continued to find gold in 2019, has been affected by the epidemic since the quarter, with the late start of home sales, renovation needs, late opening of home construction materials and shopping malls, and insufficient promotion of end-of-life activities, resulting in a decline in overall performance in the custom furniture industry and a decline in corporate performance over the same period the previous year.
In the second quarter, we believe that performance may have improved, mainly: 1) with the gradual control of the epidemic, the completion or improvement of real estate data and the gradual recovery of the demand side; 2) with the opening of construction materials and shopping malls, the flow of people has recovered and channels have improved; 3) part of the q1 purchase order is expected to be measured, installed, or partially delayed in q2.
The Division, as the leader of the custom furniture industry, has had ample cash in hand and has been active since the outbreak, with a comprehensive strategy of adjusting and forging core competitions, outreach, and growth is expected throughout the year or is expected.
Risk of significant fluctuations in prices of raw materials; summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data