Europa light-manufacturer (603833.sh) Multi-manufacturer, two-brand, crowd-driven growth.
• Europa: Customized furniture industry stickers, leading us to the revolution. The company has a strong leader, with four major products, namely cabinets, closets, wooden doors, and baths, designed to cover a diverse set of scenes, with the main players playing the Europa and Opri brands. The company was set up in 2014.
In 2018, we were the first to move into a new trend in the home-led industry. The custom-made furniture industry: driven by the structure and policy expectations of real estate consumption, the concentration of leading markets, the short-term phase, the rehabilitation of real estate and the concentration of home-led needs during the premium period; and the medium- and long-term.
The stockhouse, the old neighborhood, and the remodelling of the furniture industry have increased the demand for secondary renovations, weakening the post-natal cycle. At present, the pre-production performance is still relatively low compared to the domestic penetration rate of custom-made products, and leading firms can use branding, production, and channel power to increase the market’s presence and achieve a “stronger-to-power” pattern.
At the end of the product: multi-species co-convergence, which helps to raise the unit price. 1) The company has developed a pattern of double-strategy, incremental contributions of carbos; 2) retrograde research and development, which leads to the introduction of smart families and offers a multi-faceted view; 3) full-species integration helps raise the unit price.
At the end of the production cycle: National production capacity radiation and accelerated release of information dividends. 1) Production bases cover four major regions in the north-east and north-east, with steady improvement in customization capacity, with reduced transport radius and enhanced regional order digestion capability; 2) Euro-based strategy to optimize non-labelled customization, with both quality and efficiency improvements.
Channels: Engineering channels are expanding rapidly, and end-marketing networks are well-developed, with fine management and a high-quality marketing team that strongly supports product-synchronization; 2. Quality customers and markets are on a double-wheel drive, engineering channels are promising, and risks are manageable in the service provider model; 3) People are on the move.
Taking advantage of pre-prime passenger flows, brands, products, channels and services to create new retail growth poles.1 The guard baths and wooden gates are still in a period of high growth, and engineering orders are expected to drive up single income.
3. In the context of rising consumption, it is expected that the build-up of the new model will be accelerated over the medium to long term.4 With the release of the refined dividend, engineering channels will continue to expand and sink the market and raise market shares.
Profit projections, valuations and ratings, based on company history and comparable company values, take into account firm ' s absolute leader in the custom-based household industry, product diversity, strategic market leadership, optimal cost control for information-based construction, property delivery schedule.
The period is warming, and the medium- and long-term benefits from improved house penetration and consumption, with a premium on flagship valuations. For the first time, the cover is given a “recommended” rating. 1) The company is the leader and is well placed in the custom home industry, and is therefore expected to take the lead in the rehabilitation of property completion,
Upgrade penetration and release of retail end demand; 2) with the gradual completion of corporate product expansion, everyone is ahead of the strategic layout, with scale effects and cost advantages, and continues to release dividends. The two pillars of cabinets, closets and closets are expected to grow steadily, and the wooden doors and baths continue to grow at a high rate.
Long; fast-disbursing O'Phone brands in popular markets; 3) corporate informatization is well under way, with continuous optimization of the order process and non-fixing capabilities, upscaling of end-to-end efficiency, and further consolidation of brands, industry status, product quality.
There are concerns in the market that there is a conflict of interest between the company's overall channel and the existing retail channels: we judge that the core of the market's concern is the slow transformation of the model of part of the wholesale dealer so that it can be marketed.
Efficiency, trade-offs with the interests of retailers. In promoting the integration of people into the strategic layout, companies are actively pursuing policies such as helping and enhancing marketing to assemble distributors, while establishing basic principles such as “differing products, different channels, benefit compensation and performance sharing” for former retailers to safeguard their interests and promote and encourage both.
2) There are difficulties in the layout of the company's entire pipeline and there are conflicts with the company: we believe that the branding influence of custom furniture is a core competitive barrier, and the company, as a leader in the industry, is in an absolute position to lead the way in disaggregating goods, production advantages, integration capabilities, and information-building.
As the pattern of deeper collaboration becomes clearer, custom-based front-end companies can use their front-end flow effects to further consolidate their size and enhance brand power; on the other hand, they are more powerful.
Delivery capacity will also help to reduce time costs, such as fit-out, meet consumer needs and enhance stickyness. 1) The engineering pipeline and sink accelerate; 2) the fast-disbursing of the “Operry” brand; and 3) the retail end needs to recover better than market expectations.
1) Real estate policy changes; 2) delay in the completion of work delivery during the epidemic; 3) price fluctuations of raw materials; 4) municipality 1 - Euro-based residence: customized industry poles, leaders 1.1 - development journey: one-single pioneers integrated into the Pan-House
The company was founded in 1994 and has evolved over the years into a customized household leader in cabinets, closets, baths, and wood-door multi-product layouts. The company’s main course of development can be divided into single-species operations, multi-species expansion, and the three stages of upholstery, leading to the development of the custom-shelter industry.
(a) Phase I (1994-2003): Single-good operations, with the entire cabinet leading to the “kitchen revolution” wave; in 1994, the company's predecessor, Concorch Cookery Company Ltd., was established as a pioneer in the industrialization of domestic cabinet production; and in 1996, the “European” trademark was registered successfully and the business system, capacity-building and product development were gradually under way.
Phase II (2003-2011): Multi-grade expansion, production capacity and channels. In 2003, the company entered the bathroom industry and made initial information management of kitchen orders; in 2006 and 2010, respectively, it entered the whole garment cabinet and the wooden gate industry, creating a pattern of full-covering development of the household masters.
In 2011, the company launched a strategy for the development of a home-based home. In 2016 and 2018, a large home-wide mall was set up, and the logo for the start-up of the flagship shop was put into a substantive phase.
Figure 1: Corporate development has undergone three main phases: monolithic operations, multi-material expansion, mass assembly 1.2, equity structure: high concentration of holdings, concentration of shares, actual control of the Yao brothers.
Liamber holds 68.54% and 8.77% of the shares of the company, respectively, and the combined shares of both are as high as 77.31%, while the third largest shareholder of the company, H.S.H.I.S., holds only 3.34% of the shares.
The Yao brothers are the actual controllers with a high concentration of equity Incentives: Stock Incentives are implemented, and 895 members of the board, middle and senior management, etc., have been awarded equity Incentives with operating income and deductions in 2016
1.4. Main business: full product matrix, three brands covering diverse applications
Multiple applications such as bedrooms meet the personalized domestic needs of different groups of people. In 2019, companies collected the highest percentage of containers and closets, 45.76% and 38.18% respectively; baths and wooden doors, 4.61% and 4.41% respectively, with product line synergies gradually emerging.
From a brand perspective, the company has three core brands: "Omni", "Opery," and "Operani." Among them, the Euro and Oponey are located at the highest end, and can be designed differently to break down the consumer population, such as the Europa.
In 2019, three brands contributed 90.10 per cent, 5.43 per cent, 4.47 per cent, or Europa.
The most well-known and recognized brand is still the company’s main brand, with O’Phone and O’Rishan in the process of market formation and hope to become new growth poles through the European brand “associated” effect.
Europa branding contributed as much as 90 per cent, followed by Opali 2, Custom home sector analysis 2.1, Custom home: penetration is high and market share is concentrated in top firms
The custom home sector is developing and has a lower penetration rate. Compared to traditional furniture, custom home, personalized design of personalized furniture, combined with industrialization of finished furniture, large-scale production, meets consumer demand for product design and services, while its zero-stock, high turnover, flexible features have somewhat eased tradition.
Since the 1980’s, several countries in Europe and the United States have started to use custom closets, and markets have matured; outside the sea, domestic custom makers have moved since 2000, moving from one-size-fits-all to one-size-fits-all, and will be designing products in the future.
There is still much room for improvement in client development. The overall penetration rate of custom furniture in the country is about 30%; of this, custom cabinets have developed at an early stage, with 60% penetration, custom closets have been upgraded to 30%, and other cabinets have less than 10% penetration, which is a large gap compared to the 60-70% penetration rate prevailing in developed countries.
Figure 6: The custom home sector in our country began to develop in 2000.
Customized households are in a “large industry small company” pattern, and market concentration will increase. Industry entry barriers are low, and there are many regional brands in addition to well-known large listed companies. By harvest caliber, customized closets in 2019 were only 10.14%, Europa had the first share in the market, but only 5.64%.
56.5% of the cr5 pattern is very fragmented. The custom closet pattern is relatively good, with cr4 reaching 57.60%, of which Sophia and Europa have a market share of 26.43% and 20.67%, respectively, with a prominent advantage. With the evolution of personalization and high-end consumption, consumers are increasingly looking to the branding and quality of the product, and the medium- and long-term market share is expected.
A concentration of large-scale, brand-driven headlines will lead to greater industrial integration. 2.2. Process processes: flexible production, continuous upgrading of digitization. Customized furniture production can be divided into three main stages: measurement design, order production, and post-delivery.
Measuring the design phase: Field measurements by designers to determine the size and placement, and communication with clients are required to finalize design options and quotations and conclude contracts after meeting the requirements.
Order production phase: Production orders are automated to generate digitized sheets and production documents, thereby organizing the production of the collars.
Customization process, further optimization of consumption experience. Post-sale delivery phase: semi-finished stores are distributed to clients, on-site installation services are provided by distributors, producing enterprises or the Public Directorate of Co-operative Houses, and after-sale maintenance services are still to be completed by the custom firm during the product ' s life.
Starting in 2015, the construction of new housing units has become more intensive and the construction of new housing units has slowed down. At the same time, the construction of dwellings has begun in 2016.
This year, however, the new crown epidemic disrupted the pace at which the last four quarters of the year had been completed, the construction of 2020q1 houses was limited, the number of completed and handed over houses was below expectations, and the demand for renovation and household consumption was constrained. Since the second quarter of this year, a large number of new homes have been built and are on delivery schedule and are expected to reach a stronger level in the second half of 2020.
In 2019, investment in construction was $752.48 billion, an increase of 11.78%. In February of this year, the outbreak affected the country’s emergency.
The same-year decline was 16.3%, but in March it was $630 billion, a small increase of 0.03% over the same period in the previous year, and in April it was $620 billion. The policy was strengthened to boost the growth of custom-made furniture. Since 2016, the country has put in place a series of policies to encourage the construction of assembly-style buildings and the delivery of fully renovated housing, including the 13th Five-Year Plan for Construction Development.
It is proposed that by 2020 30% of the housing area will be fully renovated, and that provinces will continue to adopt a policy that requires a full fit-out rate and a timeline. Starting in 2015, the opening of our home will increase rapidly, with a four-year capr of 33.18% and 2019.
The number of open rooms amounted to 3.26 million, an increase of 26.36 per cent over the same period, while the rate of penetration of improved buildings reached 32.80 per cent. In recent years, the rate of penetration of improved buildings has increased at a rate of 7 to 8 per cent, but there is still much room for improvement over 80 per cent in developed countries abroad.
The year is still full of home dividends, coupled with the gradual rehabilitation of real estate investments and start-up, and this year ' s total expected growth of the home is expected to be sustained at a moderate rate, providing the basis for household needs in the medium to long term. 2.3.2, medium to long term: increased industrial concentration, rehabilitation of old neighbourhoods, stock renovation-led weakening of the post-partum cycle
Headlines have a comparative advantage in branding, marketing and engineering, while small brands, which are subject to funds, resources, etc., will long be forced out of competition and the industry will be “strong and strong” and optimized. Our housing stock has moved away from the dominant period of new housing, with a shift in focus to stock trading.
At an international medium level, the housing shortage has been reduced and housing stock is more abundant. In terms of the volume of transactions, the share of second-hand houses in first-line cities has increased, the share of second-hand houses in Beijing and Shenzhen has exceeded 60 per cent.
In addition, the upgrading and upgrading of the old neighbourhoods was also the focus of the project, with the launch in April this year of the " New Cities 2020 " , which focuses on urban renewal and the rehabilitation of the old neighbourhoods; the meeting of the Political Bureau also identified the investment in the special national debt, which includes the rehabilitation of the old and the old districts.
The demand for housing renovation as a result of district upgrading, second-hand house trading has become a new point of growth for the household sector in the future and, to a certain extent, has smoothed down the impact of the housing cycle and weakened the post-natal characteristics of the home sector.
Trade in second-hand rooms on the first line of cities is relatively high 3.1. Products: multi-grade co-convergence, one-off price increases for helpers 3.1.1, cabinets, closets are two pillars, baths and wooden doors are constantly contributing.
The company took the lead in opening up the entire cabinet market, then led the layout of the bath, the whole closet and the wooden door line, and covered the entire core. On the one hand, it maximized brand synergies and, on the other hand, was able to spread the risks of a single product business and provide a product base for the build-up of the business.
From 73.83% to 45.76% in 2019, the overall closet became the second pillar of business, accounting for between Bida and 38.18%, the share of baths and wooden doors was stable at around 4%, and the business structure continued to be optimized. The company’s cabinet business was strong in terms of quality, R & D, and design, and was a champion in the industry.
This year, custom cabinets grew at a high rate of 18.43 per cent in seven years, followed by steady growth, with the company entering the overall closet market in 2019, a smooth restructuring of its product structure and a high expansion of its second business. $5.167 billion was collected in 2019, compared to 36.29 per cent in 201119.
Large-pillar products, second only to Sofia, have a Māori ratio of 39.91 per cent, a decline of 2.06 per cent over the same period, and profitability. In our view, the main reasons for the success of corporate overall closet expansion are the following: 1) Markets: where competition patterns in the cabinet industry are fragmented and corporate profit breakthroughs are significantly hampered; and custom clothing
Market patterns are concentrated, companies as one of the champions, with less competitive pressure to diversify risks, pull 2) production: cabinet production techniques and R & D are more demanding, companies have a technical advantage in expanding to closets based on their pre-eminence and leadership position, and closets and closet custom processes are close to each other, and production processes are easy to generate.
Synergy, with a cost advantage under scale effects. 3) Channels: closet products flow through long-accumulated cabinet marketing networks and brand visibility, from which they quickly access downstream distribution channels and successfully expand markets.
Since 2017, the rate has risen and stabilized at 41%. The product has expanded in all directions, and the baths and wooden doors have begun to run.
In 2019, the whole body bath was collected at $624 million, and at present, the amount of income from the gate and the bath is close to $597 million in 2019, and in 2015-2019, the cagr was 49.03 per cent, the fastest growing business in the company, but the rate was low at 12-16 per cent.
It fell to 12.38%. Corporate baths, wooden doors, are relatively low, and it is expected to expand the market in the future through customization, individual design and branding. On the other hand, with the logic of increased penetration of the fine house, products such as wooden doors, sanitary baths, etc. will expand rapidly through engineering channels.
In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the overall rate of maintenance, and custom-made wooden doors are the fastest growing business of the company.
The decline in custom-made woodgate Maori rates was the result of low-price capture, which led to 3.1.2, a dynamic placement of intelligent homes, which provided a diverse life scenario, the opening of smart cabinets, and the building of connections between hilinks. In recent years, companies have turned to intelligence.
Home-based R & D and scenes are designed to build infrastructure that connects everything and enhances the human habitat experience. In 2018, the Magicq cabinets were launched as a functional, intelligent, revolutionary, intelligent kitchen product whose designs for electric lift and drop baskets, mobile plugs, embedded cooking power, etc. meet consumer demands for quality and convenience.
In 2019, the company and China worked together strategically in the area of ecology and smart households for the official opening of the Internet. The full-scale interface with the Hilink platform will share a flow advantage of 30 million registered users and 600 partner partners; in addition, the joint creation of the Smart Family Experimental Model 3.0 has been built, with smart family products added to reality.
The whole house experience is multi-branded, multi-product-based, one-stop smart solutions. Europemagicq leads the kitchen, "Black Technology."
Since 2018, the company has been piloting the build-up of everyone’s business, bringing together high-quality companies to take over the front door. The company works directly with front-loading firms to create a new model of “package” that is custom-made through house-wide.
The company’s front-end R & D design advantages and its back-end strong ordering capacity for single delivery and supply chain integration help to reduce the rate of error and safeguard the quality of the service provided by the home-loading firm’s custom-made products; on the other hand, the home-loading firm has a strong flow capacity that effectively reduces the company’s access to the front-end customers.
In terms of materiality, companies not only run their own cabinets, closets, wooden doors, guard baths, cooking power, wallpapers, metal windows and windows.
Soft clothing also combines a series of fine materials such as building materials, electrical appliances, finished furniture, and further expands the product matrix to optimize the consumption experience by customizing the nine main spaces: home, guest restaurant, kitchen guard, bedroom, etc. In 2018, the company installed a prototype, and the plastics department went through 350 million yuan, and in 2019 came close to seven.
Billions of dollars, a 106% increase in the same year, drive performance growth and give new impetus to traditional retail outlets. Nine spaces, seven major product classes, one-stop shops, all of which help to raise the unit price of products in the layout. In 2017, the company promoted sales through price reductions.
In 2018, companies moved into the business, reinforced the one-stop shop concept through a full-house package of 19,800 and 59800, and the new channel went against the price of one-stop shops for various categories of goods, with a particularly significant increase in the single value of wooden doors and bath products in the long run.
During the year, the four main items of company cabinets, closets, wooden doors, and baths were set at $8911, $3116, $1044 and $1638, respectively, keeping the single value relatively stable in the context of the rapid expansion of the bulk of the business.
Production: National production of production energy distribution radiation, accelerated release of information dividends 3.2.1 and 4 production bases with increased capacity to help customize, with high levels of capacity utilization maintained. At present, the company has the largest overall container manufacturing base in Asia and an advanced overall closet production base.
The four main bases have been built in Guangdong, Guangdong, Jiang Su-tian, Tianjin and Sichuan, covering four regions: South China, East China, North China, and West China. On the one hand, improved production patterns, complemented by automated production techniques, have effectively improved production and non-standardization capabilities; and on the other hand, national coverage of production bases has helped to reduce the transport radius of products, increasing the number of product shipments.
The company’s production base, which covers four major regions – South China, East China, North China, and West China – is in the process of being built – almost doubles the total capacity compared to the pre-market capacity, and maintains a capacity utilization rate of almost 90% for all categories of products.
After the completion of the previous fund-raising project, which was set up on a continuous basis with the preparation of the second phase of the 2019 project, the medium- and long-term corporate capacity is expected to be released. The fund-raising project is expected to produce 1.05 million cabinets, 1.25 million closets, and 900,000 wooden doors, with a significant increase in the carrying capacity of the business.
3.2.2. The information system is steadily moving forward with the back-to-end efficiency enhancement enabler production. In 2015, the company launched the “European manufacturing 2025” strategy, spearheading the “Industry 4.0” system. The strategy includes mtds terminal design marketing service management, wcc smart dismantling, mscs production movement control,
Aps+mes flexible manufacturing management, mcts logistics management five systems that provide access to a full range of marketing, R & D, production, logistics, and product non-tailoring capabilities that are significantly superior. At the same time, the company, in collaboration with Siemens, oracle, and other internationally known information technology companies, has developed end-of-pipe fast-smart designs, instant bom orders generation, order-loading, etc.
Companies focus on product R & D, and the high R & D dividend is gradually released. From 2018, the industry’s climate was reduced by the rapid expansion of production capacity, but the company was facing a backlash at that time to increase investment in R & D and move the information system forward.
The Euro2025 strategy, information acceleration, 3.3. Channels: engineering channels are growing rapidly, people are packed up with thin hair, 3.3.1, distribution is dominant, and engineering channels will contribute in the future.
In 2019, the distribution channel generated $10,556 million, accounting for more than 7,000 offline and direct-door outlets and more than 5100 development dealers at all levels, with the largest end-market network in the industry.
In the meantime, there was a rapid expansion of the stand-alone closet, with 2,144 closet doors as of the end of 2019, close to the closet door; wooden doors and bathrooms were not yet mature, and there were fewer than 1,000 doors, but the new shop was located faster and more rapidly than the toilet; and the O'Shealy position was young.
The fee group, maintaining the rate of opening of about 100 new shops per year; the build-up of 267 new shops, the expansion of the market sizes from year to year, the steady opening of various product-type stores, and the start-up size of each shop.
A well-developed network of marketing services benefits from a comprehensive and sophisticated management of distributors. In terms of access, the company combines the hard power of ally (money, shop level) with the soft power of the individual (leadership, social relations) to safeguard the quality of the distribution team; in terms of talent development, the company's “tree theory” emphasizes cooperation to win and boost distribution.
Businesses have a sense of corporate cultural identity, and mature training systems meet the diverse needs of the Pan-Europeans; in the field of evaluation, the public sector has introduced a 1,000-point system of evaluation and last-place elimination, and a competitive system of excellence and weakness has encouraged distributors to optimize the quality of their services.
Table 3: Corporate distributor management policies are mainly divided into recruitment, talent development, evaluation and transfer, working with high-quality real estate providers, and there is much work to do.
Forty-seven of the country’s top 100 real estate developers, such as the Production Group and the Heng Group, have signed strategic cooperation agreements, while at the same time working with local label companies to sink into the three-line market, expanding their share of the market.
There is a higher number of garment cabinets than there are, but there is still a higher potential for upgrading in custom cabinets (22.2% of Shibang households and 43.71% of Piano), and in the business model, the bulk of the company’s business is performed in the engineering service provider model.
After the installation contract has been signed by the real estate developer or the engineering contractor, the engineering dealer is responsible for specific operations such as product design, supply, transport, installation, and post-sale operations as the actual operator of the project’s performance.
Incentives for collection of receivables to ease liquidity pressures. With the expansion of engineering channels, corporate receivables have grown rapidly since 2016, totalling $611 million in 2019, reducing the turnover of receivables to 35.12 times, but the company ' s bulk operations have continued to function since 2017.
3.3.2. In 2018, in the context of the emergence of modern and traditional channels, the company organized its operations in order to open up the pre-renovation entrances and expand the passenger flow channels in a new distribution mode. At present, the company has been working with the starry arts, the peaks of the industry, etc.
In 2019, the company received orders of close to $700 million, an increase of 106%, which is expected to be a new growth point in retail sales.
The advantages of the company's business development are: 1) branding: the high profile of the Europa brand, the strong association with high-quality home-dressing companies, product and engineering quality 2) product strength: cabinets, clothing, wood, Wei Quantities can basically meet the needs of the soft home, and through "name"
(c) Channel power: Steaking operations can be facilitated by the company's existing network of powerful distributors, and the principles of “diverse products, different channels, compensation for benefits, performance sharing” can effectively address the interface between plastics and retail distributors.
(iv) Service capacity: the company provides the client with design, selection materials, procurement of a single service, diversity of design styles that meet the individualized needs of the owner, and the business's first “Golden Nanny” career maintenance.
Figure 51: The company works with a number of leading brands to integrate the brands into the depths of the product, and the Europeans are very diverse and well-designed.
4. Comparative analysis of competitors 4.1. Volume: the Europeans are the absolute leaders in the industry, both in size and in capacity. From the operational standpoint, the Europa family, Sofia and the royal house start early and are divided into the first echelons;
Lei's harvest was relatively small and ranked in the second echelon. The growth capacity of companies slowed down the growth rate. The growth rate of Sofia's, the matchmaking house, and the pick-up of good cooks remained at around 30% until 2016, followed by a sharp drop in growth of less than 10% in 2019, while the growth of Europa households was relatively volatile and stable.
Between 2016 and 2017, custom furniture businesses gathered to raise funds to expand their production capacity, including the expansion of the Ministry and the construction of new production bases in the outlying regions. Since 2014, firms have expanded their production capacity rapidly, and production bottlenecks have gradually been reduced, but this has also led to overcapacity in the industry.
The largest cabinets, closets, but Sofia's cabinet business is expanding slowly, producing about 80,000 units. 4.2. Brands: Europa ads before being placed, with a higher profile.
Of these, the annual Euro-Purpose ads are worth around $500 million, far more than the other competitors, and since 2018 they have increased their marketing efforts, reaching 6.93% in 2019. Unlike the Euro-Purpose, which integrates the entire product under the same brand, Sofia-Purpose has opened a new brand for new products.
For example, Sofia consolidated the French Smitty cabinet in 2014 with a house full of branded Christmasbirds in 2017. Brand integration facilitates the sharing of channels with product classes, while building the image and visibility of new brands takes longer and puts consumers at a competitive disadvantage when they are less aware of new brands.
Post-wartime young consumers have expanded their operations to lower-middle- and lower-end consumers by providing upholstery and custom-made services.
Company and partner brands, positioning and main business, first brand, flower and carpenter.
Garbage products such as harvests, doors and windows, ground systems 4.3. Products: different but more balanced Euros, from a product matrix, head enterprises have started to expand their product categories, with their stockings in 2012 and 2017, respectively.
In 2013, and 2018, respectively, the European family was able to expand its business lines ahead of the industry and at the earliest it was able to expand its entire product range.
So far, only Europa and Sofia are the two leading players in business, but Sofia’s product expansion is lagging behind its strategy. In terms of product structure, competitors’ business development is still highly concentrated in the first category, with a relatively uneven distribution of revenues. In 2019, Sophia’s closets accounted for 80.35%.
Customized cabinets accounted for 11.07 per cent and wooden doors for only about 2 per cent; catering cabinets accounted for more than 96 per cent and cabinets and wooden doors for less than 5 per cent in the early stages of development.
The distribution channels are mainly retail, with a slight variation in the distribution of competition channels within the industry. Sofia, the Hollywoods and the Europeans are mostly marketed under-line sales patterns, supported by direct and bulk operations, which account for about 80% of sales, and, with the growth of large businesses, the contribution of retail outlets is declining from year to year.
The parallel pattern of 50 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, and the flow of traffic to retail terminals through the self-built o2o platform has not yet matured, but the pace at which companies operate has remained stable from the bottom of the line, and the distribution network has gradually expanded.
In 2019, Europeans, Sofias and Hollywoods opened 1.36, 1.50 and 1.50 respectively.
In the context of the trend towards home improvement, custom-made home businesses are active in large-scale engineering operations, with a higher share of income than is the case every year.
High. In 2019, Europe received 2,162 million yuan, or 15.96 per cent of the bulk, while custom-made closets started late and accounted for less than the whole. In 2019, Sofia’s bulk business nearly doubled, with channel revenue rising from 7.99 per cent to 12.23 per cent, while the number of good cooks’ business still stands at less than 1 per cent, and there is greater room for growth.
With the rise of electricity dealers and the impact of traditional offline channels, businesses have been opening their own flagship shops on electric platforms such as Skycat and Kyundong, opening up new retail models and enabling each other on the line. In the context of the Cat Double Eleven Shopping Festival, Europe, Sofia, and Gold are ranked among the top ten home-based customizations on a daily basis. Of these, Sophia is ranked among the top ten.
In 2019, it was 707 million yuan and 910 million yuan respectively, contributing to the year-round revenue; while the stocking of the home and the sale of the house were relatively low, the development of the new retail channels was positive, with the contribution of the sale of the house being over 13% in 2019.
5.1. Profitability: excellent cost controls, higher Māori rates versus higher net interest rates, better levels of Māori rates and higher profitability of companies. Vertically, the Māori ratio of customized enterprises is concentrated
30-45%, but the difference in business strategy results in a split in net interest rate levels. Among these, the company’s Māori ratio is at a level of volatility with net interest rates, and the output release will enhance the scale effect; while informatization, intelligence building, is expected to enhance the company’s cost-control capacity in the medium to long term and drive the Māori rate to rise continuously.
The company has an excellent overall cost control capability and increased administrative costs. The cost rate has stabilized at around 20% during the company period, is low in the industry, and cost management is significantly superior to the cost management capacity of the remaining household and gold kitchens.
While the administrative cost rate was close to the sales cost rate in 2015-2017, since 2018 it has been affected by the increase in staff remuneration, the increase in depreciated office costs in Tianjin and tin-free production bases and the increase in management cost rates, leading to an upward trend in cost rates over the past two years.
Comparable corporate management cost rates are low and capital structure optimized; in 2019, corporate liabilities increased slightly as a result of an increase in large client receivables, an increase in loans from the Commission for the Construction of the Meaux Continent and the issuance of a fungible debt in August, leading to a slight increase in the asset-liability ratio.
At the same time, the operating net cash flow liability ratio was 0.41 in 2019, after Sofia, which was lower than in the previous year, but was relatively strong in the solvency sector. We expect that, at the present stage of expansion, corporate assets and liabilities will be at 5.3, operating capacity: turnover from large channels will decline and returns will be higher.
The rate decreased from 1.52 to 1.04, with more efficient use of assets compared to their counterparts, and there is still room for improvement in the turnover rate of more than 1.27 per cent of the housing stock, but the gap has narrowed from year to year.
In addition, the bulk distribution has led to an increase in receivables and a downward trend in the turnover of receivables. Europoles have a relatively high ratio of business to Sofia’s major portfolio, with a lower turnover rate, but have benefited from the dominant advantage and service provider model, with large clients having a greater ability to pay back than the second-tier business, with a turnover rate of 35.12 and 13.97 respectively in 2019.
Second, retail is dominated by a smaller number of remunerative and Hollywood receivables and a turnover rate of more than 200. The return is the highest in the industry, but the overall level has declined. Since 2016, the overall rate of return in the custom-based industry has been declining, with companies still performing well against the backdrop of a declining industry climate.
Linked to the decline in asset turnover: horizontally, the company industry’s leading roe can be attributed to the higher net interest rate and lower asset liability ratio resulting from effective cost controls.
We have split and profit projections for the company’s main business based on the following core assumptions: 1) The company’s overall container service ratio has decreased slightly, with 43.95% of the business in 2020-2022 and 43.95% of the business in 2020-2022, respectively.
There is still room for expansion. At the income end, wooden doors and baths are expected to be in a period of high growth, with the O'Pholy branding of the public consumption crowd, which will continue to contribute to performance; at the cost end, the cost side, the ability to control costs is excellent, and information-building drives customization processes to improve efficiency at the front and back, further saving costs and overall profitability to grow.
7.2 Comparable valuations and investment ratings and comparable corporate parities, taking into account the firm's absolute leader in the customized home sector, product diversity, strategic market leadership, optimal cost control for information-based construction, expected return to real estate, and the medium and long term benefits from excellence.
Increased house penetration and consumption, with a premium on the flagship valuation, first covered and “recommended” rating. 1) Real estate policy change: the industry of the post-natal cycle in the Dependent Country, whose development is highly correlated with the real estate market, guided by our “risk-proof” policy, if future real estate regulation continues to tighten and the climate declines,
Refurbishment needs will be negatively affected, with some impact on the company’s production operations. (2) Delays in the completion of the turn-over during the epidemic: the effects of the pneumonia epidemic will delay household consumption if real estate continues to fall short of expectations.
(3) Price volatility of raw materials: The company ' s main raw materials include chipboards, fibreboards, hardware, etc., and the material directly connected to it accounts for a larger share of production costs, which, if the price of raw materials fluctuates significantly in the future, will affect the cost of production and consequently the company ' s ability to operate.
4) Increased competition in the market: A low entry threshold for the domestic sector and a more fragmented pattern of the industry, with too many competitors entering, will prevent companies from increasing their profitability.