Performance for 19 years was slightly lower than management expectations, with 20q1 having a European household (603833.sh) under pressure but expected to improve significantly in the second quarter
The company achieved business income of 13,533 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 17.59 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1,839 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 17.02 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1,681 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 12.27 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flow of 2,156 million yuan in the same year.
Realization of a net loss of $102 million to the mother, a 210.30 per cent increase from the surplus to the deficit, and a net cash flow of $797 million, a 451.2 per cent increase from last year ' s net outflow.
(i) The steady expansion of the size and performance of the closets and bulk channels, with the 20q1 outbreak, which has led to a significant improvement in the overall two-quarter cycle of business pressure, the company achieved a total operating income of $13,533 million by the end of 2019.
The manufacturing sector generated $13,366 million, an increase of $1,856 million, or 91.72 per cent, compared to the same period last year; the company ' s other operations recorded a total increase of $168 million in 2019, an increase of $168 million over the same period last year, bringing the total share to 1.24 per cent.
This represents an increase of 1.24 percentage points over the same period last year, contributing 8.28 per cent of the increase in total revenue. Thus, in 2019, the expansion in the size of the company ' s revenue was mainly due to the growth of the company ' s main business furniture industry.
By the end of the first quarter of 2020, the company had achieved a total operating income of 1,430 million yuan, compared to an assessment of the size and scale of the U.S. households (603833.sh).
The decrease of $773 million over the same period, or 35.09 per cent over the same period, is due mainly to the fact that furniture manufacturing operations in the company’s main business, which are not properly run by the epidemic, and the fact that the company’s distribution and direct stores are not operating properly, but the epidemic is now under full control in the country.
The major distribution and direct outlets and other sales outlets and production under the company flag have gradually returned to normal, and it is expected that the end-of-scale performance of the company will improve significantly in the second quarter, and that the same drop will be significantly narrower, considering that the second quarter is still not a good season for furniture sales.
It is expected that the two-quarter backlog of consumer consumption will benefit from a relatively small increase over the same period last year, with the company expected to enter the traditional furniture sales season after three quarters, starting with the company as a furniture brand manufacturer with multiple distribution channels, bulk sales, direct sales, etc.
So it can be seen that the company’s previous pattern of high reliance on marketing outlets has been reduced by the successful opening of major channels of cooperation with real estate providers, moving from a single distribution channel to a hybrid model driven by a single distribution channel and a two-channel parallel to the distribution + bulk. The company’s direct business and distribution revenue have declined significantly, while the export business has grown significantly on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the company’s factories in March.
The limited impact on this channel is due to the gradual completion of the backlog of overseas orders following the orderly resumption of work. Given that, as of the second quarter, the overseas epidemic has not been fully controlled to date, companies are expected to perform poorly in the second quarter of the year, but with relatively low export channels, the flow of passengers to companies relying on internal distribution and direct lines has gradually resumed in the second quarter.
Given that the company’s main distribution channel is still the distribution mode, the construction and expansion of distribution stores is the key to the sustainability of corporate growth. By the end of 2019, the company had a total of 7095 direct and distribution stores throughout the country.
At home, 357 more than last year's year-on-year increase, although less than the 800 recorded in the same period last year, combined with weak domestic property sales in 2019 and the apparent negative impact of the overall slowdown in the domestic economy, it is not easy for companies to continue to expand in reverse after the creation of the first furniture distribution network.
The Division has 5199 distributors, an increase of 420 over the same period last year, an increase of just less than 770 in 18 years. Specifically, in 2019, the company’s direct doors/distributors were 33/7065, with 7/1243 new stores, 4/89 closed and a net increase of 3/354 shops, respectively, compared to the same period last year.
The net increase in the number of distributors is much higher than the net increase in the number of dealers, reflecting the company’s efforts to improve the quality of distributors and distributors while taking into account the distribution of channels. By brand, the company splits up the company’s stores, with a total of Europa cabinets/Europai closets/seine baths/eurasias in late 2019.
In the same period last year, 2334/2144/611/985/988, the Punymumen/Opery custom store, which was opened in a new year, improved more clearly in the distribution channels of cabinets, closets and bath brands that have already produced economies of scale, while maintaining a steady expansion of the wooden gates and everyone ' s doorgates, which are still at a very advanced stage of development.
By the end of the first quarter of 2020, the company owned a total of 7087 outlets, 25 more than at the end of 2019. Of these, the Europa cabinets/Operiammen/Operanimmon/Operian Bath/Operri custom homes owned 2330/2144/1058/577/978, respectively, representing a net change of 4/0/73-34-10 from the end of 2019, mainly due to the company.
The fact that in one quarter the distributors, which are partially vulnerable to the impact of the new crown epidemic, were forced to shut down some of the stores to guarantee their own mobility has led to a net reduction in the O'Pari baths, O'Pholy People's Customizations and the O'Pholy cabinet brand market, which has been partly compensated by the accelerated expansion of the doors, and it is expected that companies will continue to promote distribution networks in the second quarter.
To further consolidate the absolute advantages of its own distribution system, split the company’s main business revenues by brand, with the company’s three major brands, Europa/Opery/Operani, earning 120.43/725/597 million each in 2019, with a change of $1.649.931.23 billion over the same period last year.
The three major brands of the company in 2019 were mainly the Europa home brands, which were dominated by cabinets and closets, and the company ' s strong promotion of the Opri custom home brands over the past two years as the core driving force, consistent with the company ' s continuing home-based strategy and the dominant brand impact strategy, which has been deeply cultivated.
Disbursing the company ' s main business revenues by product, the collection of the company ' s closets/sewings/baskets/woodgates/other products in 2019, relying mainly on closets, cabinets and other products highly related to the household business, and the company ' s highly dependent cabinet business since its inception has fallen to 46.34 per cent after the company ' s successful breakthrough in the closet business, between the closet business and the closet business.
The gap has been further narrowed, and the newly expanded woodgate business has also benefited from a gradual increase in the fast-expanding share of large channels, with the prospect of a third puzzle of the WBC product matrix. By the end of the first quarter of 2020, the company’s cabinets/shelters/baskets/woodgates/other products were collected separately.
The impact of the epidemic has forced the closure of shops and the disruption of the expansion of sales channels has affected the sale of all types of products by companies, and the positive growth in other product categories is due mainly to the gradual delivery of pre-existing orders after the outbreak was brought under control in March.
By region, the company ' s main business income was split up. In 2019, the company ' s main business grew in 2019, in a combination of China-East/South-East/North-East/North-West/Overseas, largely on the basis of the company ' s growth in South-South China, where the main business was located, and the more economically developed region of East China.
As for the performance of other core business data, in 2019 the company produced a custom-made furniture production model for the products. For the unit price of each product, in 2019, the company’s lockers/dressers/baskets/carriage/cargo products were produced separately.
In terms of performance, the net return profit achieved by the company in 2019 was $1,839 million, an increase of $268 million over the same period in 2019, an increase of 17.02 per cent over the same year; and the non-net lost profit of $1,681 million, an increase of $184 million over the same period in the previous year, an increase of 12.27 per cent over the previous year.
In 2019, companies recognized a total of 159 million yuan in non-recurring gains and losses, an increase of 84 million yuan over the same period last year, with government subsidies of 84 million yuan. It is evident that the significant increase in non-recurring gains and losses for companies during the reporting period is mainly due to the fact that companies recognized a significant increase in government subsidies. By the end of the first quarter of 2020, companies achieved a net loss of 102 million yuan to their mothers, representing a decrease of 194 million yuan from the same period last year.
A negative growth of 210.30 per cent over the same period; a non-net loss of 125 million yuan from the same period last year, a decrease of 201 million yuan over the same period.
Thanks to a return to full business and a gradual recovery in passenger flows, performance ratios are expected to improve considerably. By quarterly split companies’ performance, net return profits of 0.92/541/745/461 million q3 were realized by 2019q1/q2/q3/q4 respectively as a result of a significant increase in the net return profit and withholding of non-net profits from the Chinese-American trade war against the country since May 2018.
The negative impact of the economy resulted in sales of 19q2 to 19q3 during the three-quarter period of traditional furniture consumption, due to a combination of the lower base in the second and third quarters of 18 years.
Point: Disbursing by region, the decline in Māori rates of the company in 2019 in East China/South China/North-East China/North-East/North-West/Externational areas was mainly due to the relative increase in Māori rates of the company's bulk business channels, as a result of the tendency of the bulk business product marketing structure to lower Māori wooden doors, and the accumulation of Māori rates of the company's traditional superior product cabinets and the new Shin driver core product closets.
This is due to a sharp decline in the impact of the epidemic on products and their distribution channels, as well as to a sharp decline in the company’s former dominant distribution channels and the scale of the sale of products, as well as a reverse increase in the share of low-mori exports in other products.
The combined effect of the shift in the overall product structure of the company towards a low Maori region has resulted in a combined Māori ratio of the company 2020q1 increase in management costs (excluding R & D) by $167 million (Yoy21.62 per cent) over the same period, mainly due to increases in staff, office, etc.; the cost of R & D in 2019 was largely in line with 2018, resulting in a significant decrease in the cost of the growth in size;
Financial costs decreased by $38 million (Yoy-118,53 per cent) over the same period, mainly due to the combined cost of 33.49 per cent during the first quarter of the year for interest income on bank loans and revenue management, an increase of 4.44 percentage points compared to the same period last year. Corporate sales in the first quarter of 2020 and a significant downswing in scale resulted in a significant overall increase in cost rates, which is expected to occur after the normal start of business operations in the second quarter.
(iii) By the end of the first quarter of 2020, there were a total of 7,087 dealers, far more than any other company in the industry.
The country’s sales outlets, on the one hand, help companies to tap potential customers in line cities and provide a source of constant momentum for companies to maintain a virtuous growth; on the other hand, they promote their brands throughout the country through thousands of shops, raising their visibility in the minds of consumers and their influence in the industry.
It's the firm's strong managerial capacity. Since its inception, the company has been working with the distributors to develop the concept of win-winness as a core concept, and to create a system of management such as the 1,000-point test mechanism within the industry, the “10+1” Euro terminal marketing system, the two-50 theory, the shop 4s, etc., to achieve a mutually beneficial win-win with the distributors while preventing them from double-carrying with the distributors as a result of regulatory loopholes.
After years of experience with the deep-farming distributor system, the company has gradually increased its cooperation with various land producers, adding new drivers to the company’s future growth. Faced with the opportunity for domestic furniture-making engineering operations to reach at least 10 billion yuan in size over the next two years, the company relies on its own branding in terms of collaborative growth through large channels.
The advantages of large-scale production capacity and the production base covering the entire country have been working with a number of top20 housing companies in large areas and drawing on the experience gained in these partnerships to find a model of cooperation that balances security and returns. According to the company announcement, there were 43 major clients of the company up to 2018, and the partners were better qualified, mainly including
Paulie, Bézione Garden, Heng Da, China Steel Real Estate Group, China 8th Bureau, and Wong Po, Hua Yun, among others. In 2019, the company expanded the scope of its major business lines by increasing the opening of cabinets, creating an overwhelming advantage over the lead in cabinet engineering, and by actively integrating resources with the creation of an independent department, inter-company resources are being shared, shared, shared, shared,
Reuse each other, making full use of the pioneering advantages of the Europa cabinet, and working on a 100% real estate strategy and project development for other types of goods, especially wood doors, showers, engineering department stores, etc. We believe that the company, as a leading enterprise in the business, is likely to achieve its own brand, productive and customer resource advantages in terms of the expansion of its business channels in the future.
Growth, which provides a strong driver for firm-scale growth. (iv) Reloading strategic upgrades capture front-end passenger currents, synchronizing currents with passenger manifests on the code line.
At the same time as the company is actively deploying its “house-to-house” strategy to raise the price of its customers by expanding its product distribution category, the company has begun to focus more attention on diversion measures in the context of the upgrading of its “place-to-house” strategy, in addition to working with domestic firms to improve the efficiency of the current flow vertically, in order to cater to current electricity suppliers and live broadcasts.
In the last three years, the company's electricity suppliers have performed well, leading to the flow of the under-lines. Since 2011, after the opening of the official flag shop in Euratom City, the company has begun to deploy the channel.
The current company-cooperative power-market platform has been expanded to Skycat, Kyundong, etc., and the company has also opened the “European Business City.” After the first expansion of the power-market channel in 2011, the development of the company's power-market channel has continued at a high rate, with the sales on the day of the Carnival Gala rising from $142 million in 2016 to $707 million in 2019, turning it into the Cat-Boy Eleven.
Cagr’s number one salesman, 70.76%, is well above the compound increase in all the company’s sales channels during the same period. And, in keeping with the new consumption trend, the company has taken the initiative to set up a straight line during this year’s cat “two-one-one-one” shopping carnival, bringing online the marketing channel with 11 red hosts, during which a total of 23 live viewing events reached 70,000.
So, the company's horizontal expansion of marketing channels and the layout of the flow on the line have already yielded some results, and it is expected that in the future, the company will continue to invest more in the flow and actively explore ways to achieve the combined effect of attracting and raising the unit price, such as “integrity.”
In combination with the company's strengths in the marketing and marketing union management system and the multi-wheel drive that brands and product matrices are beginning to provide to the company, we expect that companies will in the future rely on the company's strengths in terms of customer resources and models for large-scale operations at the end of the scale, and in the field of "getting everybody together" and new media diversion strategies, while building brand power on their own powerful distribution systems.
Inputs contribute to sustainable growth in corporate size and performance. Given the risk of a new coronary outbreak in early 2020 that continues to drive down real estate sales to companies, the risk of increased overcapacity in the industry, and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
Table 2: Updated valuation of comparable companies Table 5: Evolution of Europoles nationwide in 2019 Table 6: Information on Classes and Dealers in 2019 (houses)
Table 7: Subregional information on stores and dealers (houses) Table 8: Income from European home-based main business split by product in the first quarter of 2020 Table 9: Income from European home-based main business split by channel in the first quarter of 2020
Table 10: Income from European Home based Businesses in 2019 split by Product
Table 14: Progress on Major Matters from the Fourth Quarter of 2019 to the present
Gold purchased bank property totalling RMB 850 million.
The company issued a communiqué on 11 March 2020 on the use of its own funds for financial progress.
Financial value: The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Tianjin-seok, entrusted the Bank with 200 million yuan, the holding company, the Europeans, commissioned the Bank of Poo-dae $210 million, and the Europa-owned bank with 400 million yuan.
As a result of the announcement that Mr. Inspector Chung has completed the plan to reduce the amount of shares held by him in the company's unlimited sales terms by less than 100,000 shares (inclusive), or 0.0238 per cent of the company's total stock holdings, and that Mr. Chung has completed the plan by reporting that Mr. Sun Jong holds the shares.
399.1 million shares, or 0.095 per cent of the company ' s total stock, and the Director, Mr. Tan Chinhing, intends to reduce the limit of 200,000 shares (inclusive) of the company ' s share in the circulation of the company ' s unlimited sales terms, including through a centralized competitive bid, for the period from 3 February 2020 to 31 July 2020.
At present, 0.0476% of the total stock, or 16.9248% of the total circulation of the unlimited sales terms held by the company. On 7 March 2020, the company issued an announcement by its director, Mr. Tan Chinhing, on the progress of the centralized bid to reduce his shareholding, which was accumulated through the centralized bid between 19 February and 5 March 2020.
The transfer has not yet been completed. Mr. Yang Yoh-hing intends to reduce his share of the unlimited sale terms of the company from 10 February 2020 to 7 August 2020 by means of a centralized competitive bid, which does not exceed 150,000 shares, or the company ' s current share.
From 4 September 2019 to the public release of the holding stock reduction company, on 5 November 2019, Mr. Yao Liangzon and his co-actors accumulated 7475 million Euros.
As of 5 November 2019, Mr. Yao Liangsong held 17,517 thousand Euro-Soldiers, or 11.72% of the total issued. On 24 March 2020, the company issued a public announcement stating that the restricted share in the current market was the first to be released publicly.
For the first publicly released limited shares, the limit period is 36 months.
On 28 April 2020, the company issued an announcement that it would terminate the fund-raising investment project: “500,000 per year for the termination of the ipo partial fund-raising project and 500,000 smokers and gas stove production workshops”, and changed the fund-raising investment and the amount:
The remaining amount of $32,54.27 million, together with its interest income (the actual amount is based on the balance of funds transferred from the head office at the date of the transfer), is intended to be used for the permanent replenishment of the liquidity.
Table 15: Follow-up of the Development Strategy and Business Plan in the Annual Report 2018-2019
The corporate vision of the company is based on creating a respected company with a respected and loved China with a well-known international vision.
To the famous and beloved group of creative people in China with some international influence. Our goal is more than a group of creative people. Our goal is more than a domestic industry leader.
Inner industry leads the brand, but it's a world of Europe. Watch it, it's a world of Europe. Now, in the face of rapid change, change within and outside the industry, it's only going to last forever.
Now, in the face of rapid changes within and outside the industry, the world is changing. To that end, the company will continue to push for the following:
(i) Informational strategy: In 2018, corporate informatization was built to continue the following: A comprehensive new breakthrough, with three-year information strategy beginning to bear fruit. But not one, information, strategy: in 2019, it was almost complete.
The process of piloting the European custom-based home-based infosystem, which covers all the processes, will continue to build a process that runs from marketing to manufacturing. But our goal for the future will remain to speed up the end of the message, design and manufacture an integrated information system based on the system.
One key is being built, with multiple forms of piloting, to create a “traditional industry + Internet” model unique to Europe. The process is built from marketing to manufacturing end, designing and manufacturing one.
(ii) Business model development: on the one hand, the new channel model is deepened, and the system is the basis for the creation of an information system based on which the Opatt is built, which promotes the preparation of people to live, the stars to live and the mini-people to live in.
Some “traditional industries + Internet” models.
And on the other hand, we're going to push the cabinets plus, the top end of the closet, and we're going to find out what's up to Euro-Society, city-adaptation, bathing plus, custom-made wooden doors and O'Shealy's young fashion brands.
On the other hand, it promotes branding of cabinets and the creation of a profit model for distributors. +, top-of-the-shelf customization, bathroom +, custom-made wooden doors and Euros
(3) Full-channel layout: to advance the full-channel layout strategy, to actively tailor, adapt, while keeping up the brand development and dealership of the young Shiraito brand for profit, the pre-existing advantages and status of the channel,
Electricians, foreign trade channel operations, smooth pipelines, pipelines, 3 and full channel layout: promoting a full-channel layout strategy, along with regulatory and innovative management, constantly optimizing the management side
(b) Active layout, while retaining the pre-existing advantages and status of the channel: assembly, dressing, electricity, foreign trade channel operations, secure layout of the channel (4) Branding: strong promotion of branding as a core element of enterprise development, management of the channel and management of systems and innovation;
First, with the emergence of young consumer groups, brand minding, dissipation, and the continued optimization of management practices. Cost groups are becoming the focus of corporate attention, as well as future brands 4, branding: branding as a central element of business development, and promoting new directions in strategies.
One is that, with the rise of young consumer groups, brand mind stations are being advertised while actively exploring new places such as emotional films, tremors, etc., consumer groups are becoming the focus of corporate attention, as well as branding through media channels.
It's a new direction for the future brand promotion strategy. The company actively explores brand promoters for new media outlets like emotional clips, tremors, etc. while maintaining outdoor advertising.
Performance: In 2019, the company expected the same operating income to be 1. Activate internal to manage business promotion Total upgrade of the operating management system from a business-oriented to a management-oriented approach
We look forward to going beyond our goals and challenging ourselves.
17.59 per cent annual growth in operating income; total cost of operating with the Ministry of Industry and Industry independently; sound decentralization as compared with 22.69 per cent growth; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies
Tasking mechanisms matched with capacity-building, strengthening teams, working together; screening teams with “eligibility, streamlining”, with an increase of 17.02 per cent)
Loss of each extra fat, strength of every muscle, share with (1) grab, single value: 1 Performance management mechanisms are further refined and activated in the face of real estate regulation policies, and full incentives are encouraged
External factors, such as changes in industry channels, will become increasingly competitive in the market, with the active embrace of change and innovation, with the full potential of subjectivity, and the need for better dealers and their peers in harsh environments.
Motivation, staggering mechanisms, raising organizational strength, so that the company will follow the rules, invest more resources, be determined to support the terminal, and activate the force.
Practising agency: at the same time, there is a significant effort to innovate in business recruitment methods and to increase the availability of (a) the channelling of resources: the provision of financial support packages as a means of strengthening. (b) A strong commitment to the advantages of traditional master battlegrounds. (c) On the one hand, the whole of the world.
(b) channel expansion tension, full effort to expand the fabric, suit, power suppliers, etc. (2) provides artillery shells: focused products, building explosives, etc.
New and emerging channels: on the other hand, with the help of the "Cooks and Clothes" and the "Cooks and Woods" driving the market. More responsive to demand and trends, multidimensional, "Cooks and Guards" and "Cooks and Houses" and "Stars" and "MicroBig."
Provides an integrated marketing channel such as high-end, high-flux and mainstream products such as home-based guns, best services and products for clients, full-scale armed terminals, full-scale uplifting and activation of the force.
Empirical, large client singles. 3. Unremitting to everyone. 3. Decomposition, unleashing force. Attack.
Full easing of terminal control policies, massive downsizing, easing of the trade, implementation of the Dragon Snake Project, assaulting everyone: on the other hand, in the context of marketing tests, effective guidance in lieu of pressure, strengthening of the work force.
In the marketing system, you're going to be able to pick up powerful distributors, and you're going to open up "Starts and People, Sellers and Confidence, Make Terminals More Motivated, Free Markets" and "Microhouses" and "Types" and they're going up and down.
Invisible power, enhanced terminal power, help everyone at the top, step-by-step into the blue sea.
(ii) Reshaping the value chain, focusing on the ground-breaking configuration of product and service quality, expanding the whole area, making up-to-date channels, and further upgrading: 1 to build up the information base and make a breakthrough for distributors and consumers
New channels, pooling of all resources to grab orders, to grab traffic, to cater for a more real-time, accurate and transparent sharing of information and synergies, changes in the mindset of the payers and consumption decisions, and a comprehensive reform of the power provider.
Capacity to significantly improve efficiency, reduce leakages, reduce costs. 2 plus high-powered marketing and out-of-flow recovery.
5. New engines, re-engineering forces, marketing patterns need to be, enabling marketing quickly takes over the market. 3 Upgrade production sets up the second engine, forming the Group Marketing Model Innovation Department.
(a) Quality of goods and services, with a view to reducing legacy and system costs;
Innovative mutations in roads, models, tools.
A step-by-step consolidation of the quality of the product. 4 Establishment of full product delivery suits, pre-empting of the old market; and development of a micro-business city micro-program with a system of standards across the board, order data flow and business flow over the entire process.
New experience of changing online consumption patterns, European-specific pk-based information management, upgrading of client information interfaces on product delivery, mechanisms, wide-scale accounts, multi-routine operations, building and digging up Europa
5 Change the logistics end-to-end model to significantly upgrade logistics services Super Flow Pools, which are close to cutting traffic by planting lawn coils; Quality. 6 Focus on "Quality", "Services", "costs" , with a push to construct the Euro-Society special mcn model, with a rim-red-net bursting.
(b) The risks of increased competition in the market;
4. Risks of vendor management; 5, risks of brand management; 6, risks of brand management;
7. Risks in the quality of the product. " 5. Follow-up of the top ten shareholders in the company. Table 16: Status of the top ten shareholders in Europe (updated from the first quarter of 2020)