\triangleright realized net profits attributable to parent owners in the first half of the year ranging from $12.35 billion to $13.65 billion, an increase of 22q2 profites a year-on-year. 22q2 realized net profits attributable to parent shareholders of $5.557 billion.
According to the announcement, the main reasons for the growth in corporate performance were that the company was making every effort to increase production to secure energy supplies, operating at a high price for products, continuously strengthening the cost of fine-tuning management of scientific controls, and recognizing the higher return on investment in the equity sector contributed to a significant increase in performance on the same basis.
Corporate growth is remarkable, and output growth is expected. Starting in 2022, the company’s new capacity will continue to grow.
In production, 20 million tonnes/year of capacity and the piloting of coal mining in the sea are expected to increase production by 6 million tonnes in 2022; in 2023, the third coal mine and the reed coal mine in Heilongjiang is expected to be invested with an equity capacity of 2.04 million tonnes/year.
Coalification is good with high oil prices, and Methanol production will result in a synergy of scale. By the end of 2021 \triangleright, the total equity capacity of the company's participating coalification workers in the construction of the project was 8.11 million tonnes/year, containing polycrysene.
Hydrocarbons yield 2.74 million tonnes/year, 1.73 million tonnes/year of methanol, 1.75 million tonnes/year of urea, rhinosic acid and ammonium nitrate 1. Medium coal energy (60198.sh): 1-quarterly report in 2022.
Thirty-six and 400,000 tonnes/year, respectively, and 1.13 million tonnes/year of coke, have an advantage of scale.
In the context of rising methanol prices, the new project is expected to forecast coal energy (601898.sh) 22q1 performance in the production of polyolefins.
In addition, the average spot price of Brent crude oil in 2021 was around $70 per barrel, with an appreciation: JCLU price increases, output increases, 22q1 performances are high, and according to wind data, the average spot price of Brent crude oil is $108.09 per barrel, an increase of the same year.
Investment proposal: The company ' s coal masters are expected to achieve a substantial increase in volume prices, start an endogenous growth phase with a better growth than \triangleright, with a longer period of performance. We expect the company to realize a net return profit in 2022-2024.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.