Elephthalm (300015.sz) Quantities, with 20% increase in net profit from mother in the first half of the year, and continued improvement in the layout of the domestic and external medical network.
(a) Medical biology, medical services, billions of dollars, 2.9 per cent more than the previous year, and a steady increase in income in an environment characterized by inadequate consumption climate;
zhangjiabo@guosen.com. cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn is well-funded. With domestic consumption warming, demand for ophthalmology services is expected to continue to increase the number of outpatients and surgeries, leading to an equal increase in operations.
According to the 52-week maximum/minimum price, the Rhodes project earned $4.155 billion (+3.2 per cent), the cataracts project earned $1,735 million, the surgical penetration rate increased and the demand for ophthalmology services increased in the country, and the company's operations were expected to continue.
Steady growth. By region, China/Europe/South-East Asia/United States of America achieves income respectively. Focused regional “upland deployment” strategies expand overseas markets, combining domestic cascade development patterns, and in a step-by-step manner form the strategic landscape for global synergistic development.
Mainly as a result of the increase in the cost of generic activities and staff remuneration of newly acquired hospitals; administration rate 13.5 per cent (+0.6 pp); research and development cost rate 1.4 per cent; and financial cost rate 1.0 per cent (+0.9 pp), mainly as a result of exchange rate increases in the net return to the mother during the first quarter of 2024, El ophthalmology (300015.sz)
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - The net profit from non-repatriation in the three quarters alone increased on a year-on-year basis. At the end of June of the year, the company's book money was $5.46 billion, with sufficient cash reserves for hospital changes.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) 2022 and the first quarter 2023: 20 per cent increase in the first quarter of 2023, with a continuous improvement in the chained medical network.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - Acquisition of a portion of 14 hospitals, further expansion and rapid expansion, with “inheritance + extension” together supporting performance growth. Considering macro-environmental impacts, profits increased at a sharper pace in the first half of the year, income grew steadily. 2024h1 achieved business income of $10,545 million.
The company achieved a net return profit of $2.05 billion, an increase of 19.7 per cent over the same period, and the bright performance of profit growth demonstrated the firm’s profitability. It is expected that demand for ophthalmology services will pick up gradually as the domestic consumption environment warms, looking at the long-term resilience of the company’s business.
Five hundred and forty-nine million yuan, a 2.3 per cent increase in the same year; one hundred and fifty-five million yuan, a 23.5 per cent increase in the same year in the net return to the mother; two hundred and twenty-five million yuan in the same year in figure 2: one-quarter operating income and an increase in the speed (in millions of yuan, per cent) of El ophthalmology, a 9.23 per cent increase in the same year; and six hundred and ninety-nine thousand surgical operations, a 6.92 per cent increase in the same year in the sub-operations.
The revenue from light projects is $4.155 billion (+3.16%), cataract projects 1.73 billion (+3.64%), ophthalmology penetration increases and domestic demand for ophthalmology services is expected to sustain robust growth. Regionally, China/Europe/South-East Asia/United States income is 92.43%, respectively.
The field “highland layout” strategy, which expands overseas markets, integrates the domestic “level chain” development model, and gradually forms the strategic landscape for global synergistic development, as a result of the increased cost of generic activities and salaries of newly acquired hospitals; and the 13.5 per cent (+0.6 pp) management cost,
Increases in costs, including depreciation amortization, mainly due to the new hospital; R & D cost rate of 1.4 per cent (the same rate as in the previous year); Financial cost rate of 1.0 per cent (+0.9 pp), mainly due to fluctuations in exchange rate gains and losses. 24h1 achieved a M & A rate of 49.4 per cent. Net operating cash flow decreased by the same year, while book cash remained healthy. 2024h1 was operating.
The net gold current of 2,843 million yuan, a 15.6% decrease in the same year, is the value of the net operating cash flow versus the net profit of the parent, which remains at a high level, with sufficient cash reserves available for hospital expansion and market expansion. The network of domestic and external services continues to expand, leading to the acquisition of a number of high-quality medical institutions.
Strategic and internationalization strategy, 24h1, establishing the Changsha Medical Centre, raising funds to build regional ophthalmology centres in Shanghai, Nanningale, and Hubei El, An Qi Yill, Shenyang Yiil, and Guizhou are also being built. 24h1 acquired 52 medical institutions to further develop the network of district hospitals.
By buying 100% of the United Kingdom’s optimax group’s shares through Europe, the company began to march into the British eye market. By relying on a strong ability to extend and purchase, the company constantly enhances its influence, both within and outside the country, and consolidates its dominance in the global eye market.
The construction of digital ophthalmological productivity has gradually improved, and the talent ladder has been built. The company 24h1 and the Chinese Academy of Sciences' "cell" issue have been published; a remote consultation platform has been set up to promote the upgrading and application of the telemedicine system; The company has introduced more than 600 new ophthalmologists and visualists, and has further improved its workforce in hospitals.
By the end of June 2024, the company had cooperated with 16 well-known universities in the country, bringing together more than 600 graduate students. The expansion of the application of cutting-edge technologies, such as artificial intelligence, and the continued construction of the talent ladder contributed to the enhancement of the company’s core competitiveness.
Investment proposals: The company is the leading company in the field of ophthalmology services in the country, growing rapidly through a stratified chain model, where “internal + outreach” together supports performance growth. Taking into account macro-environmental impacts, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author