In 23 years, the company achieved revenue of 3,190 million yuan, or 11.39 per cent of the year, mainly as a semiconductor cyclical effect. According to Semi, 23 years of global semiconductor silicon (excluding soi) output amounted to 12,602 million squares.
Inches, same as 14.35%. Combined with medium-term predictions by agencies like gartner, techinsights, it is expected that the semiconductor industry will resume growth in 24 years and enter a cyclical upward trajectory, driven by rapid growth in new energy cars, big data, and artificial intelligence.
Although 23 years of semiconductor industry influenced by weak end-market demand, companies, as domestic-led semi-conductor silicon-silica suppliers, through sustained market expansion and new product development, have maintained a stable capacity for the production of silicon tablets (including soi silicon) of 300 mm, 200 mm and below.
Utilization and volume of goods. At the profit end, the company achieved a net return profit of $187 million over 23 years, a decline in revenue, a build-up of inescapable forward inputs and larger fixed costs in the company ' s expansion process, and higher R&D costs, which were under pressure during the period.
Expansion continues to drive the process of nationalization of the semiconductor industrial chain.
At the end of the 23-year reporting period, the company's subsidiary, Xinjiang Shanghai, was implementing an additional 300,000 silicon production capacity project of 300 mm semiconductor per month to achieve an additional 150,000.
The company ' s combined production capacity of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets has reached 450,000 silica per month and was fully produced in December 2323; it is expected that by the end of the end of the month of 24, the project for the construction of the capacity of 300 million silicon semiconductors per month will be fully completed in Shanghai.
In addition, a partnership agreement has been signed with the Taiwon People's Government, the Taiwon People's Government, and the Governing Board of the Taiwon High Technology Industry Development Area, which plans to invest in Taiwon with other investors.
"300 mm semiconductor silicone crystallization and grinding base." Taiwon Production Base, with a total investment of $9.1 billion, is expected to complete the construction of the medium-test line in 24 years. Shanghai New Shanghai will consolidate the domestic semiconductor silicon material sector through the construction of Taihara Production Base.
As of the end of the 23-year reporting period, the company's subsidiaries had developed new technology and kmetic 200mm.
In the reporting period of the year, new technology has continued to advance the 300-mm pilot project in the development of high-end silicon-based materials in order to better meet the market and customer needs in applications such as radio frequency, and has now built capacity.
Approximately 60,000 units/year of high-end silicon-based material test lines, with new pivot wings active in critical technology development, product extension and market opening; above all, in outreach operations, there is a sustained growth in demand for new energy vehicles and industrial products
At the same time, the company’s subsidiary Finland Okmetic’s 200mm semiconductor-specific silicon expansion project in Vantaa, Finland, is being built as planned to meet growing benefits.
Based on market demand, the market position of Okmetic is consolidated in high-end segmentation areas such as advanced sensors, power devices, radio-frequency filters, and integrated non-source devices. And the risk of performance fluctuations, industry competitive risks, and financial risks such as goodwill impairment.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.