Helium Electronics (600577.sh)
In 2018, China became the world's largest financial investment market in science and technology, with no loss of heat, into a deep innovation phase, and the convergence of finance and technology released synergies.
In order to determine the key factors for the future development of finance, a sound regulatory system is conducive to the orderly development of the industry. In the context of a more regulated industry, the demand of financial institutions t has come up with new requirements.
The company’s client groups include, inter alia, bond dealers, futures companies, public funds, trust companies, insurance companies, banks, various exchanges, private funds, and financial marketing companies.
Clients, and gradually expanding to Internet-related businesses associated with the financial biosphere, as well as to individual customers at the end of the c. The technological barriers to a constant electronics are relatively high, the moats are relatively wide, compared to new entrants into the industry, and the permanent electronics has more than 20 years of continuous business experience, gained awareness of the customer’s business, and
Accumulated capacity to provide comprehensive and complex customer services, making customers stick to users of corporate products, leading the financial-it industry, with permanent electronics with more than 20 years of experience in the financial-it industry, with product coverage of the financial-it sector and a very high market rate in a number of areas.
Strong R & D capabilities, professional three-tier R & D architecture, dedicated R & D investment, R & D investment ratio and R & D personnel ratio are much higher than their counterparts. E & D is committed to research and development innovation, building corporate moats.
During the first half of the year, companies enjoyed new business needs, spurred by policies such as warm capital markets, new regulations, etc. E-commerce was based on technology R & D as a core competitiveness, high technological barriers, higher market access for multi-valued products, and more sticky users.
So, for the first time, it covers the investment rating given to [buy-in]. Because of the close link between constant e-performance and capital markets, we assume that: benefiting from the innovation, capital markets remain on the upswing, and the financial-it sector is growing steadily;
(a) Policies such as new regulations and innovation boards that encourage financial institutions to invest more in it, thereby bringing about an increase in business;
We split and forecast our operations by business, and the ever-growing electronics brokering, financing, wealth and Internet operations are the main contributors to the revenues, while other operations remain largely stable. We anticipate that they will be affected by the creation board and will be different from the general public's perception.
Technology is the core competitiveness of the financialit industry, and it is a trend towards the future development of the industry. E-business is committed to research and development, innovation, the creation of corporate technology moats, a system of three-tier research and development architectures with specialized expertise, and a focus on research and development inputs, which will help to further enhance customer stickyness and strengthen the company’s market niche.
Financial technology refers to the use of technologies such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc. to help upgrade the financial sector.
It can assist in the transformation of traditional financial institutions on the one hand, and, on the other hand, through technology succession and innovation, develop new high-barrier products and services that are not available in traditional business models and that are supported by technology firms. With the rapid development of financial technology, emerging cutting-edge technologies such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc. are in place.
Changes and innovations in all areas of finance have had a profound impact on the development of the financial sector. (i) Size: the financial science and technology market is active, and China became the world’s largest financial science and technology investment market in 2018.
In 2018, total investment in financial science and technology in the Chinese market increased eightfold, to $25.5 billion, close to the total global investment in financial science and technology ($26.7 billion) in 2017.
The president of the ball, Lin Jingjia, said: “In spite of global market instability and macroeconomic concerns, investment in financial technology remains strong. The demand for financial science and technology and innovation from banks and other financial service providers has grown rapidly, owing to financial constraints, new market entrants, and security threats.”
(ii) Industry prospects: Science, technology and innovation are driving forces in the industry, and technology rise is a key factor in determining the future development of finance. Reviewing the evolution of financial science and technology, the role of technology in monetary finance is gradually moving from the status of ancillary business to that of a key factor in the future development of finance.
In a broader sense, Internet finance is only a transitional phase in the development of financial science and technology, which, in a given market environment, will be more deeply embedded in the financial system and lower industry.
China’s financial and technological industries have developed in a dynamic way. (iii) Industrial environment: regulatory environment for industrial transformation
In 2018, the year of implementation of the 19th report to prevent and mitigate major financial risks, the boom in virtual currency at the beginning of the year and the large-scale thunderstorms at p2p caused a high degree of concern at the regulatory level. Financial science and technology also brought with it a number of problems and risks associated with promoting innovation and service efficiency. As regulators ' understanding and awareness of financial science and technology grew, they were gradually building up.
In recent years, central banks and the Superintendence of Banks have expressed the view that regulation and risk-control measures are both desirable and significant. In 2018, the Central Economic Working Group focused on “preventing major risks,” with a view to preventing the financial climate.
Financial science and technology, as an essential financial sector, will also be at the centre of regulatory efforts. With the integrated deployment of the Financial Stability Development Board, regulatory policies of non-bank financial institutions, such as shadow banks, asset management, and financial holding companies, are being strengthened and refined, and the environment in which financial science and technology survives is being reduced.
Regulatory technology will then be more widely used in the area of financial science and technology regulation, which will use technology to change the passive response to risks in the past as active risk prevention. The regulatory environment promotes transformation.
The company focuses on the financial sector and is committed to providing holistic solutions and services for securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, exchanges, private fund-raising, etc., as well as for individual investors.
According to the company’s first quarter of 2019, Maun held 100% control of Hengsheng Electronics Group, an indirect holding company that is the largest in the world.
This has also led to deep tactical cooperation between Hensen Electronics and Alisian companies, such as the 2019 joint ants gold jackets and the launch of jres3.0 platforms. (ii) Corporate business: Focus on capital market business, dynamic innovation business.
The permanent e-business line can be divided into capital market (IT) operations, banking (BIT) operations and innovative operations, accounting for 75 per cent, 8 per cent and 17 per cent respectively in 2018, of which capital market operations continue to be a top priority for companies, broken down into asset management, wealth management, brokering and exchange operations, accounting for 32 per cent, 24 per cent, 15 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively.
Hensen Electronics has a full license in the financial sector, and core products cover the financial sector as a whole. As the financial sector has become mixed, there is a greater similarity and cross-cutting nature in the business of the agencies, which, compared to other financial divisions in the same industry, can reach multiple fields of it business within the financial sector, thus contributing to a combination of comparative advantages and rules.
The Department’s client groups include, inter alia, voucher dealers, futures companies, public funds, trust companies, insurance companies, banks,
B-side clients such as exchange exchanges, private fund-raising, Triangular Financial Marketing, etc., have been gradually expanded to Internet-related businesses associated with the financial eco-region, as well as to individual clients at the end of the spectrum. Because of the relatively high technical barriers in the financial and technological sector itself, the moat is relatively wide, compared to new entry within the industry.
Competitor, Helium Electronics, with more than 20 years of continuous business experience, has acquired knowledge of client business and accumulated capacity to provide comprehensive and complex customer services, making customers more sticky with their users of corporate products, while financial institutions have created demand attributes (stable, safe, long-term quality services) that make customers more likely to choose industry leaders.
In 2018, Helium Electronics developed a thematic strategy for “online” that fully activates product technology, solutions and service systems, and the upgrading of innovative business. The Online Strategy marks the formal move of Helium Electronics toward a platform company.
Figure 12: The E-Conline Strategy provides online solutions through integrated solutions that provide product and solution cloud services for the whole market.
The system of operations, which forms a great deal of wealth, a great deal of money, a great deal of money, access to a variety of financial institutions, the supply of component services, and the building of a whole line on a constant cloud.
The platform, the new broker, the new financial resources, the new market's operating structure, which creates a complete system of production and operation on the cloud, and the financial, technological and ecological system of the industry.
# Moveonline liveonline #
Hundsunonline includes two elements: the "u+" project, the "u+" development of artificial intelligence products (ai), and the integration of market outcomes.
For the long-term efficiency mechanism of Hengsheng, to promote the development of the company's operating system, and the technology to support manual displays in different contexts across the industry; and secondly, the company is considering the introduction of multi-layered partnership schemes.
Smart applications, including block chains, build companies into online employee-owned platforms. (iii) Factors influencing corporate performance:
1. The development of capital markets is driven by the fact that there is still a huge demand for it, and the development of permanent electronics is closely linked to the development of China’s capital markets. We compare the rate of growth in business income from permanent electronics with that of the sw securities industry, the sw banking industry, the sw insurance industry and the swit service.
As we can see, e-performance is closely linked to the development of capital markets and less relevant to software services. The growth in e-business is largely in line with the growth of the securities industry, so it is possible to predict that e-performance is closely related to the development of capital markets.
China’s capital markets have been developing for less than 30 years, and are still at an early stage, and the capital markets are developing in isolation from the support of the project, so the demand for it’s input from the major financial institutions has been at a high level.
In 2015, there was a significant increase, mainly due to the initial demand dividend and the competitive pressures of the rise of Internet finance, which made it necessary for traditional securities companies to accelerate the construction of the int. In 2017, securities companies invested 11.6 billion yuan, or 12 per cent more than in the previous year.
According to another larger financial institution, banks, idc counted the size of China’s banking solution, which reached nearly 34 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 22 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a 23 per cent increase in compound growth in 2012-2017, showing that China’s banking solution market would reach 88,295 million yuan in size.
Thus, as China’s capital markets mature, the demand for financial ii by major financial institutions is bound to grow. While the major financial institutions themselves are strengthening their own infrastructure, they still need to rely on the support of professional financial-it companies, and electronics have been embedded in the financial-it industry for almost 24 years, with a well-developed product system and efficient service levels.
The major financial institutions maintain a deep cooperative relationship, and therefore the financial institutions increase their investment in the capital market, which is a second- and second-tier market performance affecting the company's capital market operations, by almost 75 per cent, and whose performance is directly linked to that of the second-tier market.
A share is dominant in the secondary market, and in 2018 a share was formally incorporated into the msci Emerging Markets Index, so I grew by 33 per cent, with a turnover of 73,000 shares, an increase of 79 per cent in the same year. As a result, it is estimated that the main business of the capital market, which will benefit from the warming of the a-share market, will benefit from the capital market line.
The performance of large financial institutions, such as money dealers, foundations, banks, and so on, can be directly linked to the company's performance in the domestic capital market in 2018, resulting in an overall under-performance of bond dealers.
The Association's data show that 131 securities companies achieved operating income of $266.3 million in 2018, a decline of 14 per cent in the same year, net profits of $66.6 billion in the current period, a decrease of 41 per cent in the same year, and profitable securities companies accounted for 81 per cent, a decrease of 9 percentage points compared to the previous year. “The Cold Winter of the Bond Industry” was particularly visible in 2018.
In the last year, the share was less than 60%, and the concentration effect of the industry strenched. The fund industry performed steadily in 2019.
In the first half of the year, 124 foundations in China managed assets totalling 26.4 trillion yuan, an increase of 4 per cent from the end of 2018. Of this amount, public funds managed assets of 13.46 trillion yuan, an increase of 3 per cent from the end of 2018, and the number of public funds raised to 5,983 yuan, compared with China ' s banking assets held in trust at the end of 2018, an increase of 3 per cent from the previous year.
After 21 years of development and growth, the asset-hosting business has developed from the start of exploration to a high pace, from a dynamic innovation to a high-quality transformation, and the hosting mechanism has played an important role in the normative functioning of social funds, improving the efficiency of investments and transactions, and controlling financial risks.
The regulation of the financial sector in 2018, which was driven by policies, continues to be based on a “legal, comprehensive and stringent” regulatory tone, containing the demand for it by industry clients. On the other hand, new progress has been made in institution-building, with imprisonment in 2018.
At the same time, the creation of a panel is a major industry initiative with far-reaching implications. The new regulations provide new business opportunities for companies.
These include demands to break rigid payments, eliminate multiple layers of mosaics and corridors, prohibit pools of funds, separate risk, regulate pools of funds, etc., and these regulatory compliance can facilitate the regulatory operation of financial markets, facilitate the restructuring and transformation of financial institutions, and trigger the need for further upgrading of financialit products, leading to incremental operations for financialit enterprises.
In terms of technology applications in the industry, artificial intelligence technology products are gradually being applied in real terms to customers such as voucher dealers, banks, etc., and are part of the new demand in the industry. Big data in the financial sector can effectively support machine learning.
Continuous improvement of the machine ' s cognitive capabilities, elimination of sensory factors, and near- and even anti-human levels, especially in the processing of complex data such as financial transactions and risk management, the characteristics and advantages of artificial intelligence will significantly reduce human costs, help people to make more efficient decisions and improve financial management and business processing through screening and analysis of large data.
(iv) Corporate competitive advantage: focus on R & D, maintain high-market dominance, and focus on R & D inputs, with R & D capabilities as the core competitiveness of companies. Companies now form the three-tier R & D architecture consisting of R & D institutes, R & D centres, and business sector platforms.
The Hengsheng Institute, composed of high-level professionals from the industry, is the pioneer of the constant frontier technology and is responsible for research on cutting-edge technology and innovation applications for the future development of companies in the area of innovative business. Research and development investments in Hengsheng Electronics are extremely high, spending $1.41 billion on research and development in 2018, an increase of 10 per cent compared to the 10 per cent in the camp.
In 2018, the number of R & D workers in the company was 4590, or 64% of the total number of companies. The number of R & D personnel and the number of R & D inputs in the industry are at a very high level of leadership, ensuring that the source of the problem is not the same.
Based on high levels of research and development inputs and higher human capital, companies are long-term leaders in the industry. Companies are in a centralised trading system for securities, a managed investment management system, an integrated financial platform for banks, and gold.
There are, for example, higher market rates in the system of the integrated institutions. These advantages give companies a measure of size and a better marginal effect. (iv) Corporate financial situation: good performance and improved cost-control capabilities
In the first quarter of 2019, total operating income was $590 million, an increase of 11 per cent. By branch, capital markets and Internet operations maintained a steady growth rate of 27 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, in 2018; and bank revenues decreased significantly, compared to the same rate.
Twenty per cent, mainly because in 2018 the company adjusted part of its operations under banking to the branch of wealth under the capital market. We estimate that the growth in corporate operating income will remain stable for the next three years, at 27 per cent, 26 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively.
In terms of the composition of the company's revenues, the composition of the profits of the capital market (including brokering, financial operations, wealth operations and exchanges) is consistent with the ratio of profits of the operations, in which the management of the business, the wealth industry and the company contribute about 58 per cent of their operating profits.
The combined Māori rate of companies in 2018 was 97%, and has remained high since 2014, far ahead of their peers. In sub-operations, Māori rates in capital markets, banking, and Internet operations have remained high, reflecting the high competitiveness of products in the market.
Net corporate profits were 680 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 57 per cent in the same year; net profits were 390 million yuan in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 607 per cent in the same year. While falling back in 2017, they remained at a relatively high level of growth. Usage remained stable at 50 per cent.
The ability of companies to control their costs is enhanced by good use and personnel control.III. Financial assumptions and profit estimates. Since e-performance is closely linked to capital markets, we assume that:
(b) Policies such as new regulations on capital management and innovation boards, which promote financial institutions to increase their input into it, thus bringing about an increase in their operations;
We divide and predict, according to our business, the main contribution to the recovery of the business, the management of the business, the wealth business, and the Internet business, and the rest of the business remains essentially stable.
Financial policy fell short of expectations; capital markets were hit; and innovation did not perform as expected. Chen Xiaotian joined the network securities in 2016 and is currently the head of the Media Internet team. Certificate No.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.