The digital industry and the digitalization of industries are important components of the digital economy, with company owners, families, political firms, and new and emerging businesses at depths.
In the first half of the year, the public sector generated $11.8 billion (+39.2 per cent) of its revenue from digital transformational operations. The operators are digital economy escorts, and corporate governance is growing rapidly.
Annual income growth has continued to double, 22 years of public cloud market share, 6th row (idc data), 21 years of government cloud services and operating market, 3rd row (idc data); 2 weeks of company data centre market share, 52 weeks of highest/minimum price
Third, there is a clear resource advantage over third-party idc service providers and cloud producers in the number of cabinets, network transmissions, and government clients. 3) The company’s 5g industry applications ranged from 22h1 to 4400, leading its peers.
Focus on innovation in research and development, building new infrastructure for “connectivity + arithmetic + capacity” that helps companies to manage thin and thin. Companies insist on technological innovation, with 5g base stations leading the world, with R & D costs, and leading their peers. On the connector side, they have rich wireless spectrum resources, in Hangzhou, Suzhou, Shanghai, etc.
The Institute was set up to expand the application of 5g; at the power side, it actively implemented the “East and West” project, investing 22 years in the idc hangar (43,000 units) and cloud servers (180,000 units) alongside telecommunications; and at the capability side, the intelligent center has the ability to combine data in a number of areas, such as communications, big data, ai, block chains, etc.
Individual and household markets value-based operations. Cost controls are good, Roe is moving up the ladder. 1) 5g user growth is the main driver of personal business growth. 22H1 user penetration rate for 5g is 52.7%, compared to the 80% level of peer and 4g historical peaks, 5g users still have room for improvement. 2)
China Mobile (600941.sh) - Three-quarterly sound operations, industrial digital growth Gg. Upgrade and smart household operations are the main drivers of household market growth, 22h1 our broadband penetration rate is only about 11%, and market uplifting space is larger. 3) Companies increase precision investment, capital spending in 22 years.
China Movement (600941.sh) - Profitability continues to improve, the digital economy has a strong business, planning has increased by +0.9 per cent and the overall assets have stabilized and the total assets have gradually become “lighter”; in recent years, there have been three costs, China Movement (600941.sh) - Business performance has been bright and innovation has grown strongly
The rate remains at around 14%, below the 20% level of our peers, and profits are expected to rise steadily. China Movement (600941.sh) – Quarterly good growth momentum, main business, China Movement (600941.sh) – Accelerating Digital Transformation, Roe Falling Back –
Unsatisfied; increased market competition affecting product sales and profit risks; and increased impact of the epidemic. Companies are leading the digital economy. The digital economy thrives, with digital industrialization and industry digitizing as core components.
The digital economy can be divided into four components: digital industrialization, industrial digitization, digital industrialization, and digital governance and data valuing. According to the “dividualization” framework for the digital economy proposed by the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the digital economy can be divided into four components:
Technology services, Internet industry: Digitalization of industry: the output growth and efficiency enhancement component of traditional industry applications of digital technology, including industrial Internet, smart manufacturing, car networking, platform economy, etc.
Digital governance: including multiple governance, a combination of technology and management typical of the digital economy plus governance, and digital public services, etc.: digital value: including data collection, data standards, data validation, data labelling, data pricing,
Data transactions, data flows, data protection, etc. The digital economy, which reached 45.5 trillion yuan in 21 years, is an important driver of economic growth. In 2021, our figures reached 45.5 trillion yuan, a nominal increase of 16.2 per cent.
Figure 3: digitized size of industry (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Size of our digital economy (in trillions)
The company was listed on 5 January 2022. China Mobile Cable was established in September 1997 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange and Hong Kong United Exchanges Limited, respectively, in October 1997. The company withdrew from the New Exchange on 18 May 2021 and the company submitted its listing on 5 January 2022.
Companies have been focusing on information and communication, with major products and services ranging from 2g to 5g. Companies are the largest communications operators in the country, formerly the China Telecommunications and Mobile Communications Agency, and now have the largest number of mobile customers in the country, as well as the largest number of wired broadband users.
Figure 5: The four main segments of China ' s mobile main products and services evolution, Chbn, are important players in the digital economy, mainly in the personal, household, political and business markets, and emerging markets. Traditional networks operate 20 operations (individual and family markets) and 2b emerging operations (governments).
Two broad categories: traditional network operations (20), with income ends mainly derived from mobile and broadband user operations, decision \triangleright
These include cloud computing, idc, the Internet of goods, enterprise information services, the 5g network, and so on.
(b) Growth of companies' operations in individuals, households, political firms and emerging markets in the first half of the year, respectively (b): launching of the “5g+Cloud” dual-engine strategy and rapid growth of government enterprises
Corporate business includes cloud computing, data centre idc, property networking, 5g network, and other government and business information. By providing cloud computing to government clients, data centre hangars/server leasing, and 5g dedicated to government business, the company has launched a two-eng+ cloud strategy:
Vertical application 5g: By the first half of 2200, the company had built 300 5g demonstration projects, cumulatively contracted more than 11,000 commercial cases in the \triangleright 5g industry, 13 of the 18 a+ steel companies, domestic platoons
The top 10 container ports were all laid down, more than 260 smart mines were built, 5g smart plants were laid down, cloud services were provided: the company continued to refine its “mobile cloud” inputs and the idc resource pool, reinforcing the “n+31+x” mobile cloud resource layout and the “4+3+x” idc resource layout. In the first half of the year, mobile cloud revenues reached the population.
Figure 8: Summary of the development of the 5g vertical sector in the middle of 2022 when China moved 23.4 billion yuan, an increase of 103.6 per cent in the same year: Figure 9: Revenue from China ' s mobile cloud operations (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Corporate governance has grown rapidly. In the first half of 2022, the corporate market generated $91.1 billion, emerging markets (n): new business, branding, industrial investment, 5g ecos, new information services through international operations, equity investments, digital content, financial technology, and so on.
During the first half of 2022, corporate emerging market revenues reached $19.9 billion, an increase of 36.5 per cent over the same period: \triangleright, in June, the company had entered into deep cooperation with 466 operators, covering more than 3 billion mobile users worldwide.
In the first half of 2022, revenues from international operations amounted to RMB 8.1 billion, an increase of 19.3%. Digital content: value-added services are provided to clients through the “mico-gu” platform, based on 5g and gigabytes.
During the first half of 2022, the business income increased by 50.6 per cent over the same period, Micah video full-time active clients increased by 72.5 per cent over the same period, and video bells ordered over 290 million households.
In the first half of 2022, the business generated $209 million, an increase of 124.7 per cent.
Personal markets (c): Deployment of the largest global wireless network to generate reverse growth in revenue Personal markets, personal communications terminal operations, to provide personal end-users with text messages, telephone calls, data access, etc., through mobile communications operations.
The company has deployed the world’s largest wireless network, and its personal operations are entering the 5g dividend period. The company’s mobile network was the largest global operator, with more than 3.3 million stations at 22H1 and 4g base stations, accounting for the total number of 4g base stations worldwide.
One third; the total number of 5g base stations is more than one million, the largest network operator in the world. In 2021, a single person's market generated 483.4 billion yuan, a 1.4 per cent increase over the previous three years, with a positive first-time increase in revenue; 22h1, with a steady increase in the number of mobile users and a steady recovery in the value of the arpu. As of June 22, the number of mobile users of companies had risen.
Of the 970 million households, 5g users reached 511 million, and 5g package customers received 52.7% penetration, with the company moving the package from 4g to 5g and increasing its value-added service capacity, the value of the mobile business arpu is steadily rising. In 21 years, the company ' s value of 5garpu was $82.8, an increase of 7.5% over the rate of 4g before the move.
Activating the combined arpu value increase, the first time since the “fast-rate-down” policy that the arpu value has returned to warming trend I – the mobile operations arpu value increased by 3.0 per cent to 48.8 yuan in 2021 and 22h1 further increased to $53.2 yuan. Figure 15: China's mobile operations arpu value (in yuan/month, per cent)
Family market (h): The number of users is the number one in the industry. Rapid growth of household business. Corporate home broadband operations provide households with broadband data through home-based cable broadband. As digital information evolves, household broadband operations generate intelligent family-related businesses, including family security and intelligence.
Household market revenues are growing rapidly, and the size of the collection is ahead of that of their counterparts. Corporate household markets reached $10.5 billion in 2021, an increase of 20.8% over the same period; China Telecom and China ' s Internet-connected broadband operations earned, respectively, over the same period.
As of June 22, the number of home broadband users was 256 million, leading their peers. In 2021, the number of home broadband users increased by 5.6% to $39.8 yuan, and in the first half of 2022, the number of home broadband users increased by 5.6% to 39.8 yuan.
An increase of 4.6 per cent in the same value to $43 won shows a steady increase. Figure 18: Number of mobile household broadband subscribers in China (in thousands of households, per cent) Figure 19: Broadband value of mobile household in China (in yuan/month, per cent)
The performance was impressive, Roe recovered steadily, income grew steadily, and households, corporations and emerging businesses grew rapidly. In 2021, the company had a year-round revenue of billions of yuan, an increase of 8.0 per cent compared to the previous year. The growth of 22h1 continued with a growth of 49.6 billion yuan, an increase of the same amount.
12%. The private market is relatively high in the company’s traditional business, with the convergence of the four main Chbn operations moving forward, with rapid growth in the domestic, political, and emerging business sectors, which are expected to grow gradually in terms of the company’s revenue-earning ratio.
11,5937 million yuan, an increase of 7.5 per cent in the same year, and a basic gain of $566 per share; performance in the first half of the year was impressive, with 22h1 achieving a net return of 70.3 billion yuan, an increase of 18.9 per cent in the same year, and a net return on corporate assets of 10.2 per cent in 2021, an increase of 0.3 pct over the previous three years.
Investment in 5g network building, steady decline in asset size, steady growth in income, gradual increase in asset turnover, and a steady recovery in public sector work. Figure 22: China ' s net profit and increase in moving to the mother (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 23: China ' s rate of return (average) on mobile net assets (%) has fallen to 12.1%, with an overall downward trend and good cost controls. On the cost of doing business, there has been a slight increase as the network has grown. The company ' s main cost items are network operating and supporting costs, depreciation and amortization costs, and the cost of amortization.
With the size of the network, the cost of network support and depreciation amortization has increased slightly.
The digital economy is expected to be an important engine for the country’s economic development, and has been proposed on several occasions by such important institutions as the Central China Republic, the State Council, the Development and Reform Commission, and the Ministry of Trade and Communications. In February 2023, the Central Chinese Republic and the State Council issued the " Plan for the Construction of a Digital China as a Whole " .
Harmonizing strong integration driving patterns, efficient digital infrastructure connectivity, accelerated data resource size and quality, effective release of data elements, and significant improvements in the digitization of government and business.
\triangleright \triangleright mainly provides basic computing, storage, etc. functions for future data economy-related applications, mainly through multi-dimensional data centres.
The data center is an important carrier of computing power, with a potential demand for more than 7.5 million data center cabinets in 2025.
According to cdcc, by 2021 there were more than 3.5 million cabinets in our stock data centre, including more than 1 million in the east of China and 90.8 million in the north of South China, and more than 7.5 million in the future with the growth of the digital economy and traffic.
Figure 26: The layout of the national integrated data centre East-West, Figure 27: Forecast of the number of cabinets in our data centre (in thousands)
The \triangleright Digital Economy-related Development Plan provides for a focus on the core clusters of industries in the digital economy and promotes the accelerated application of digital technology innovation in priority areas such as agriculture, industry, finance, education, health, transport, energy, etc.
Investment in digitalization is expected to increase steadily, for example, by government, operators, real enterprises, the Internet, etc. According to the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, by 2025, the core sector of the digital economy will increase by \triangleright
According to the Study on Modernization of Governance in the Digital Age — Practice and Innovation in Digital Government, published by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, several important directions of our Government's digital construction include: 1) `Internet+' leading to the intellectualization of government service processes; 2) 5g, material networking, ai, etc., promoting urban intelligence;
3. Science, precision, etc., in the prevention and control of large-scale data outbreaks. Currently, the average penetration rate of real-economy enterprises is about 12%, with retail and manufacturing reaching an average of 30%. The rest of the enterprises are less than 10%, and the digital economy is expected to make a full digital transformation.
To become an important player in enterprises' efforts to improve production efficiency, business-end operators for equipment and digital solutions are digital economy escorts, firms' emerging business is growing rapidly, and the operator's capital expenditure is shifting towards digitalization.
In 2022, operators shifted the focus of capital spending from 5g to new and emerging operations, such as a digital transition. A breakdown of the structure of capital spending by individual carriers is maintained: China moved 185.2 billion yuan (+0.9%) of planned capital expenditure in 2022, continuing to reduce the wireless weight.
(b) China Telecom’s capital expenditure in 2022 was 93 billion yuan, and as 4g/5g related capital expenditure decreased, wireless side \triangleright
(c) China Connect will increase capital spending modestly in 2022, keeping capital expenditure growing in line with income growth.
In 22 years, China has invested 4.6 billion yuan in an arithmetic network, an increase of 119% over the same period. New business is growing rapidly, and the market space is wide.
Operators are deeply involved in the construction of new infrastructure for the digital economy, with increased investment, a positive embrace of the digital economy, and the emerging industries are expected to benefit from the digital economy and achieve rapid development. The 5g network, data centres, cloud computing, and the new occult business in the digital economy context are beginning to develop opportunities.
The revenue from services increased by 307.2 billion yuan, or 32.4 per cent over the previous year, from 16.1 per cent in the previous year to 19.4 per cent, to boost the revenue from telecommunications operations by 5.1 percentage points.
Disaggregated by emerging business areas:  Data centre idc: Operators have network and customer advantage, and market share is much greater than that of third-party operators, and domestic idc markets are wide-ranging, driven by sustained growth in flows and policies.
The demand for data centres for growth is clear, and the “East and West” policy is gradually emerging, giving further impetus to the development of domestic numbers, according to the central market: the growth of mobile Internet traffic continues to drive the idc industry. In 2021, mobile Internet access took place in the country.
\triangleright traffic amounted to 22.16 billion gb, an increase of 33.9 per cent over the previous year.
The size of the i-server market is $15.6 billion, and the global i-intellectual server market is expected to reach $12.34 billion in China by 2026. Figure 37: Growth in mobile Internet traffic and monthly average household traffic (dou) (single)
(Billions of gb, gb/house/month) Full start of the “East and West” project, February 2022, joint issuance of communication \triangleright by four departments, including the National Development and Reform Commission
We know that building national arithmetic hub nodes and planning for a cluster of 10 national data centres has been initiated in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, Hong Kong, the Australasia Bay, Sung-kyung, Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia, and eight locations. In Ningxia, 720,000 aircraft are planned.
The data centre market is over 100 billion in size, and operators have taken up the head of the market. Market revenues reached $150 billion in 2021. Operators continue to dominate the market, with three major telecommunications operators taking the lead in the domestic idc market.
Figure 39: Gross income and rate of increase in our data centre operations (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 40: Competition patterns in China ' s idc market, 2020 (in %) Basic telecommunications operators ' advantage over third-party data centre operators in the idc market is mainly reflected in data
Heart size, data centre Internet resources, government customer resources, cross-regional services, etc. Data centres can be divided between base telecommunications operators and third-party data centre operators. Basic telecommunications operators start building data centres early than third-party data centres operators, with clients from government and large state-owned enterprises for many years.
Households have accumulated, with larger data centres throughout the country, and information network security between data centres has become an advantage of their services across regions: for example, one operator has a data centre that is larger than a third-party data centre operator.
Examples: 2 network resources and effective enhancement of the national network of data centres, where data are interactive through the network of operators, where network resources are available effectively to increase data synergies across regions, will sustain the growth of idc operations.
Figure 42: Examples of data centre resources for operators Cloud computing: market space is hundreds of billions, operators have the advantage of government customer resources and localized services, public and private clouds have hundreds of billions of market space. In 2019, the country calculated the size of the market as a whole.
The market size of the public cloud is 68.9 billion yuan, compared to 57.6 per cent in 2018, the private cloud market is 64.5 billion yuan, compared to 22.8 per cent in 2018, and is expected to grow steadily in the coming years, close to 150 billion yuan by 2023.
The country’s cloud computing head companies are divided into two main types, Internet cloud producers and telecommunications infrastructure operators: Aliun, Hwayun, and Hudu.
The spillover effect has encouraged firms to open up cloud computing capabilities to third-party SMEs and develop cloud-based operations. Mobile clouds, wings clouds, and connecting clouds represent operators.
For the purpose of developing new business in the industrial chain, and with certain infrastructure advantages and customer resources, the business has expanded downwards to the laas industry. Basic telecommunications operators are growing faster than Internet cloud operators.
Third, fifth in the number of connecting clouds, sky-wing clouds, and mobile clouds have gone beyond China. Political and business clients’ resources, cloud network integration, and national local service advantages are central to the development of the operator’s cloud business: the operator’s cloud business has a network resource advantage.
The advantage is concentrated on the network and the resource end. Operators can build on their expertise at the network end and build core competitiveness in building cloudnets, cloud numbers, cloud intelligence, cloud-side synergies. Figure 45: Operators ' cloud nets combine advantages
Markets are easy to open. Operators have branches and subsidiaries in all provinces, cities, counties, and provinces across the country, which can reach the country’s 2b clients. The long-term accumulation of government clients is the main reason for the rapid growth in cloud computing and even 2b business income.
Local services have significant advantages. Operators have national marketing and service support engineers, provincial and municipal territorialized market penetration and service advantages.
Businesses’ clients cover vertical industries, such as government, finance, medical, and enterprise, and are more widely covered than Internet-based producers. And cloud computing markets are growing in cross-regional industries, such as public services, finance, and education, and operators’ growth will benefit fully from demand and market growth in related industries.
Figure 47: Revenue from mobile government enterprises in China and development of their clients (in billions of figures 48: size and growth of public services/finance/education/industrial cloud services) (single object network: number of connections continues to grow, operators benefit from wide area connectivity advantages of the cellular network)
About 13%. The rapid development of the technology, as well as the future applications of interconnectivity, with mobile networks providing high-speed flow support at the base level, have led to a rapid increase in the demand for various networked equipment and network flows, with three major operators growing by 24.7% in 22 years.
Wide area network (WAN) is an advantage for operators, and the demand for wide area network applications will ensure steady growth for operators. The number of cellular households. Public utilities and intelligent manufacturing are the main downstream applications.
In the last two years of official commerce, positive developments have taken place in terms of technical standards, network-building and deployment sites, laying a solid foundation for the application of 5g: Technical standards: the 5gr17 standard has been frozen and will bring additional enhancements to a number of basic technologies.
It includes capacity, coverage, time delay, energy efficiency, mobility, and provides a good network structure for vertical application of 5g across industries: all three operators have launched their own 5g network solutions and development paths. China moves to the 5g network of the three models of “beneficent, exclusive, and enjoyment.” China's telecommunications are tailored to different network needs.
The introduction of three service models, “Expanding, Neighboring, and Winging,” provides end-to-end and serial solutions for industry applications. China Connect uses the VPN-mixed and exclusive network 5g dedicated to commercial maturity: commercial replicability is accelerating as applications in the 5g sector permeate various fields.
Technology and solutions are becoming more mature, and the number of applications of human services in the fields of smart cities, medical care, cultural travel, education and so forth has increased significantly. For example, in the four rounds of the “Flowing Cup” organized by the Institute, more than 12,000 projects were counted for social participation, with 21 years of “business landings” and “solutions available”
The total number of projects is close to 50 per cent, of which 15 per cent have achieved “solution replicable” results. Figure 52: Proportion of industry areas participating in the 2021 “cup” competition (in %) Figure 53: Comparison of maturity of the 2018-2021 “cup” project (in %)
The value of the application of 5g has gradually been demonstrated. For example, in the case of the Advanced Technology 5g Quality Test project, the work of the components of the company ' s 3c product, which requires a significant amount of manpower, has involved nearly 3,000 workers in the quality test workshop, accounting for one-half of the total number of people in the plant, at a cost of more than 25 million yuan per month.
The plant connects 22 machine visual quality equipment to help companies achieve nearly 30 million energy savings per year. 5g application inputs are increasing, and operators will benefit from industry applications later in mid-5g. With the integration of 5g applications to the vertical sector, spending by industry enterprises on 5g equipment will increase steadily, 5g rows
The industry-application industry chain is maturing, and the flexible architecture model of the operator's 5g network will help it become the main beneficiary Arithmetic Networks: Business Models are becoming clear and Arithmetic Transactions are expected to become a new trading model Arithmetic Networks are based on arithmetic, web-based, web-based, cloud, number, intelligence, Ang, edge, end, chain, etc.
New types of information infrastructure that combine and provide integrated services. By enabling life, users’ experiences can be enhanced; by enabling industries, industry values can be built; and by empowering societies, social arithmetic trading can be created.
In the smart security component of the Beijing connection, the Arithmetic Network channeled video operations through flexible network computing resources to optimal computing nodes, enabling uninterrupted video business flow and ensuring low-time delay in operation.
Figure 57: Arithmetic perception network achieves a low-time delay in operations Operators achieve arithmetic trading by building a platform for arithmetic trading and by mobilizing arithmetic resources in a computing network. In future computing scenarios, the network can provide computing power to users as a transparent and open service capability.
The ease system consists of three main components: Arithmetic: Contribution, for example, of different data centres, where the seller will pass the \triangleright
(b) Arithmetic trading platforms: maintenance of arithmetic resources as an intermediary, natiya, dispatch, provision of economy, etc.
\triangleright Efficient, Safe, Reliable Arithmetic Services. Figure 58: Credible Arithmetic Trading Platform
As the telecommunication computing system has begun to be validated, on February 24, 23, 23, the country’s first single numeracy service platform is online, the numeracy consumer is autonomous in accessing the numeracy trading platform, selecting resources according to its own claims, selecting matching resources through a visual resource view, and then making transaction payments.
Resources have catalogued prices and specific information about the network. Figure 60 shows visualized resource prices in the case of China's telecommunications numeracy trading platform validation cases.
An integrated numeric numeric numeric numeric numeric numeracy service platform is officially online. Figure 59: A credible numeracy trading platform Operators that integrate data centre numeracy and network transmission capabilities may achieve a new gain through a numeric trading platform
With unique cloudnet resources, operators can be able to provide arithmetic and integrate the third-party data centre. Future profitability, or the prospect of a shift from flow to arithmetic, becomes a new growth in corporate governance, which is growing rapidly, leading the industry of scale.
In 2021, China’s mobile businesses reached 131.1 billion yuan, leading their counterparts, with 17% in five years. Although, in terms of stock resources, China’s telecommunications are at the top of the list of resources on cable lines.
Focusing on technological innovation, “connectivity plus arithmetic” supports the numbers from 3g to 5g technology leadership, and the cost of R & D continues to increase.
During the same period, telecommunications and connectivity used fdd technologies in both the 3g and 4g eras, transforming them into td technologies in the 5g era. China’s mobile network technology leadership and accumulation will sustain the development of a new generation of information infrastructure in the 5g era.
In the 3g era, companies used 3g technology, td-scdma, which had the lowest maturity and not wcdma and cdma technology in terms of technology, but wcdma and cdma technology did not have a leading advantage in our country, resulting in a three-point situation.
In the 4g era, the company operated td-lte, which technically was slightly less than td-fdd, and the company worked hard to build \triangleright td-lte network, which was stringent in terms of network operation and performance enhancement, and achieved td technology voids
In the 5-g era, companies took full advantage of td technology in the medium-to-high frequency band, deploying a massive 5-g antenna network and achieving the largest 5-g network in the world. China’s mobile 5-g network is equivalent to telecommunications and telecommunications.
The company has also been active in setting up 6g technology, leading the global initiative to create a "digital twin, intelligent" 6g scenario. A preliminary 6g key technology system has been developed.
Previously, several 6g joint research samples were released, forming two industry-led prototypes of technology. Corporate standardization was in the first group of operators, with nearly 40 international organizations, including the chairman of the lfn Board of Directors, in leadership positions, and five 3gpp posts, including the current Vice-President of the Ran Plenary, in leading positions worldwide.
The number of new 3gppr 17 projects, 22 r18 projects, 14 projects, cumulatively 46 R17 projects, 16 r18 projects, ranked first among the global operators. Focus on emerging business developments, and increase investment in innovation in research and development.
China’s movement has been controlled by about 16% in recent years, and China’s telecommunications and Chinese connectivity’ R & D costs have been slightly more than 20%. Research and development investment has risen significantly in recent years, and companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, highlighting their confidence in continuing to grow on the emerging side of their business.
Cloudnet investment has increased and the new business has become thin, and the company has continued to invest more and more in cloudnet resources, and the advantages have gradually become more apparent; and the new information infrastructure of “connectivity plus numeracy plus capacity” built by the intelligence center has been added to the 5g.
Connectivity: The advantage of 5g spectrum resources is evident, and the Institute of Layout Industries has accelerated the expansion of 5g sector applications. The company has a wealth of 5g band resources and, through a flexible network, has a greater ability to respond to the variable demands of industry applications.
2*30mhz bandwidth. The company’s 5g spectrum resources are larger than those of its peers, and the rich spectrum resources and network building have shaped a high-quality network performance. For example, medium- and high-frequency bandwidth can meet the requirements of a large-capacity network, low-frequency end can be applied to low-time extensions, and different applications in the 5g sector can be met through a multi-layer frequency band network with flexible redeployment of resources.
The company has a single 4.9 ghz band, with a 1d3u frame structure that can increase the speed of movement by three times. China’s movement has achieved a peak rate of 747 mbps for 4.9 g1d3u, which is significantly higher than the traditional rate of 250 mbs for 3d1u.
In the early stages of construction, China established industrial institutes in Shanghai, Chengdu, and Yu An-Sin, respectively, to accelerate the development of 5g industries and promote integrated applications in the fields of industry, transport, finance, medical care, and education.
Motivated group resources have expanded the value of 5g industry applications into commercial projects. More than 4400 5g network projects have now been deployed in China.
Computation: Data centres and cloud servers are continuously investing, a network of arithmeticals is sailing, and data centres are planning for 22 years for 43,000 units. The company has deployed racks and plans to deploy racks only after telecommunications. China's mobile is expected to deploy 43,000 planes over 22 years, with a cumulative number of racks expected to reach 450,000; same
The cloud servers are planning to invest 180,000 units over 22 years, and the cloud pool layout is catching up. China’s move is expected to deploy 180,000 servers over 22 years, and China’s telecommunications is expected to deploy 160,000 servers over 22 years.
Post-telecom and connectivity, with 29 cloud pools currently deployed, behind telecommunications and connectivity, but almost finished as a national layout, the cloud pool layout is expected to catch up as companies invest more in cloud operations. Figure 69: Number of procurements of three major operators for cloud servers (in thousands)
Figure 70: Comparison of the deployment of three major operators to the cloud pool (in one case) The cloud computing business is growing rapidly and the share continues to rise. The share of the 2021q3 mobile cloud is raised to the seventh level of the domestic market.
Corporate computing network planning is clear and will be developed in conjunction with data centres and cloud computing operations. The company is actively implementing the country’s “East and West” engineering deployment and continuously strengthening the “4+3+x” idc resource layout and the “n+31+x” mobile cloud.
The improvement of data centres and cloud infrastructure will help to facilitate the development of arithmetic networks. Capability: build the smart middle-stage aaas service system, build industry poles, move China to lead the middle-stage operation, and integrate the resources already available to help companies to make a digital transition.
In the first half of 2022, the number of capabilities in the company reached 476 and the average monthly call was over 11 billion, an increase of 61.5 per cent over the same period.
At the opening of the 14th National People's Congress, the Minister of Industry and Information Technology, Kim Liang Long, concluded the opening of the 14th National People's Congress, at the first “Ministerial Channel” of the 14th National People's Congress.
5g experience, supporting industry to form a 6g push group, code-named “imt-2030(6g) push group”, using the advantages of mega-market advantages and industrial systems. Production and research efforts focused on strengthening international cooperation. China moved actively to invest in 6g R & D and layouts in order to create long-term business development. In June 22, China moved to China.
In the White Paper on Network Architecture Technologies, the three-storey four-dimensional 6g architecture was proposed as the first systematic 6g network architecture design in the industry, reflecting the latest results of China’s 6g mobile technology study. China’s movement has initially formed a technology system for top 6g design and end-to-end, and a global front line for high-quality papers.
6g technology patent placement, cumulative application for 6g patent 400+, co-published 6 industry leading technology Figure 77: China ' s mobile 6g overall structure Figure 76: 6g total scenario is connected
The growth of traditional operations and the steady movement of profitability towards the growth of roe The personal market: moving into the longer-term earnings period of 5g, the global largest network of companies, the steady growth of the number of individual business users, and the upgrading of the 5g number of users have become the main driving force behind the growth of the individual market.
With the second mobile phone, one card, there is still some room to increase the number of mobile users. In 2021, the country moved.
There is still room for growth in the number of mobile terminals in China. China’s mobile, Chinese telecommunications, and China’s connectivity mobile subscribers reached 957/372/317 million in 2021, with a total of 1.65 billion mobile households, and there is still some room for improvement from the second mobile phone and one mobile card.
The number of users of 5g continued to rise, the 5g package increased significantly to the operator's mobile operations arpu boost, and the number of users of 5g continued to rise as a result of trends such as a slowdown in prices and a 5g switch. The total number of users of 5g from the three major operators reached 928 million in 22 years, and the penetration rate of 5g reached 55.6 per cent.
80%, 5g penetration is expected to increase continuously. In addition, the 5g package has a significant boost to mobile operations' arpu values, with the 5g user upturn in 2021 driving the three operators ' mobile arpu values to increase by 3%/ 2%/ 4% over the same period.
The downswing rate slowed in the 5g era. Looking at the 3g/4g historical arpu development cycle in the medium and long term, the 5garpu value will continue to decline gradually as the number of low- and medium-end users progresses, but the long-term rapid decline of the mobile arpu value slows significantly in the light of the trend towards a reduction in price fighting and consolidation.
The 5g network is concentrated in the previous period, with a medium- and long-term return of more than 4g. The 5g base station pre-deployment section completes 3.5 million base stations in the year, or about 2/3 of the size of the 4g base station. The 5g network was built after the construction period, with a focus on 5g industry applications. Considering the development of the 6g standard and the global 5g network, the initial start of the 6g construction is expected to start at the beginning.
Year to year 2029, the overall 5g yield period is 6-7 years longer than 4g. Figure 84: Number and projections of 5g base stations in our country (in thousands of stations) Companies have the largest 5g and 4g networks worldwide, rich spectrum resources and years of experience in network operations are mentioned.
By the end of 2021, companies had opened more than 5.5 million base stations, of which 5g base stations were larger than telecommunications.
By mid-2022, the company’s 5g base station had accumulated more than 1 million stations, accounting for more than half of the country’s 5g base station, more than 30% of the world’s 5g base station, and 100% of the country’s urban and priority township rural coverage, the largest network operator in the world.
The Department ' s 4g base stations, which cover 1.2 billion people, account for more than 1.1 million stations.86: cumulative construction of 5g base stations by the three major operators (unit: 10,000 stations) with an annual income of 554.9 billion yuan, an increase of 3 per cent, and 2,56.1 billion yuan, an increase of 0.2 per cent in the first half of the year.22
At the user level, the number of mobile users is far ahead of telecommunications and connectivity. Figure 87: Comparison of income from mobile operations by three major operators (in billions of dollars)
The effect is clear, leading to an increase of 3.0% to $48.8 in the combined value of mobile operations. During the same period, the value of mobile operations arpu was 45/44 for telecommunications and connectivity, while the company ' s mobile operations arpu were leading.
124 million households reach 511 million and 5g packages have 52.7% penetration, while the number of mobile subscribers to telecommunications is 380 million and the 5g users have 58% penetration, respectively. Since the base of mobile users in companies is large, China has more experience in mobile network operations than telecommunications, China has moved to China, and the network has performed well.
The td-lte network, built in the 4g era, is already ahead of its peers. Based on the statistical analysis of the speed and quality of our network, published in 2021, the top three operators, the 5g network, in 2021, were moved by China, reaching 279.71mbps, with the top overall speed rating.
Household markets: Gigabyupgrading drives rapid industrial growth, company user size leads by peers Giga users upgrading and rural coverage penetration still have much scope for improvement, with monthly meal packages (arpu value) benefiting thousands of broadband and intelligent family services continuously improving.
Broadband access and intelligent households are the main development strategies for the market for the operators. The fixed broadband network has become a strategic public infrastructure, and the state has issued “broadband China” strategies and “double-g” lines.
Major policies, such as the D-2 gigabyte program, provide a basic network guarantee for innovation and extension in high bandwidth applications. The Giga era has created a rich demand for applications for digital households, with operators moving household broadband operations toward intelligent people.
The country’s rural broadband penetration rate is still low, and, according to Chinese Internet information, it was 58% in rural areas in 2021, with much room for improvement. In recent years, operators have made significant progress in deepening and expanding the digital rural market, contributing to a steady increase in the number of broadband users – China’s migration.
In June 2022, there were 563 million broadband users in our households, 611.1 million users in the 1,000mps and above, and still a large range of upgrades. Figure 96: In 2021, we had a fixed connection of 100m and 1,000m.
Figure 95: Users and percentage of rural broadband access in the country, 2016-2021 (single Internet broadband access users (in thousands of households, per cent)
Since 2020, business-to-business prices have gradually moved from competition to competition, with a gradual phasing-down of prices. The three major operators, the general and arpu values of the broadband industry, have been warming up, with a steady increase in household income from broadband operations.
Figure 98: Total household broadband income and household broadband operations combined arpu values (in billions of yuan, yuan/month) by three major operators
The value of arpu is still lower than telecommunications and connectivity, with a strong competitive advantage. The company’s household broadband business, driven by both a gigabyte upgrade and a content operation, still has much room for growth.
At the user level, there is a net increase of 1,241 million broadband users, bringing the total to 230 million households, with the number of broadband users and the net increase remaining industry leaders.
The country’s moving arpu values show a sustained momentum, with China moving 21 years of combined household broadband values increasing by 5.6 to 39.8 yuan. During the same period, the combined telecommunications and connected household broadband values were 45.9/41.3 yuan, respectively; and mobile household arpu values reached 43 yuan in 22 years, thus catching up to connectivity.
The company has accelerated the upgrading of its broadband network, insisted on content management, and built a home information service portal for “broadband television + digital court lines + vertical content.” The wise family outreach proved to be effective, reaching 167 million clients in 2021, with 76.8% penetration;
In 22 years, mobile smart families earned 14.4 billion yuan, an increase of 41.1% over the same period, and maintained high growth rates.
As a result of the price war and the development of Internet vendor ott’s business, net interest rates have declined in recent years. But it is recalled that, over the past decade, China’s net mobile interest rate has been higher than telecommunications connectivity, and the downward trend in net corporate interest rates has slowed.
Figure 103: Comparison of net profits of the three major operators (in billions of yuan) Figure 104: Comparison of net interest rates of the three major operators (in %)
The sharpest decline in roe over the last few years is still much higher than in telecommunications and connectivity. The profit projection mentioned before the performance split scenario is based on the following assumptions for China’s mobile core business:
Referring to the above mobile business analysis, it is assumed that the number of mobile users will be 2022-2024, respectively, and that the number of cable broadband users in 2022-2024 will be 2.60/287 million households and the value of broadband users arpu will be $43.0/44.5/45.6, respectively.
By reference to the above-mentioned business analysis, companies have significant advantages in cloud computing, idc, and 5g industry applications, network operating and support costs, and depreciation amortization costs, gradually increasing with the size of the network. Companies’ involvement in government and emerging-market entrepreneurs has increased, and employees’ remuneration has gradually increased.
Construction of the 700mhz network in collaboration with wide power, resulting in an increase in inter-network settlement expenditure.In a comprehensive assessment, costs have increased, but at a slower rate than income from the main business, so operations have been made, as prices between operators have slowed down, management operations have become more efficient, and sales costs and management fees are seen in the short term.
\triangleright will be optimized. In the medium and long term, the R&D rate will increase as new business is gradually emerging, marketing costs and management companies continue to increase their R&D inputs.
\triangleright Profit Forecast Sensitivity Analysis \triangleright \Triangleright \Triangleright \Type \Type \Type \Type \Type \Type \Type  \Type  \Type      \Triangleright
In 21 years, two operations accounted for more than 70 per cent of revenue. Assuming a 1 per cent change in the rate of growth in personal operations, a 3 per cent change in the rate of growth in government enterprises, and a 1 per cent change in the optimistic and pessimistic circumstances of the company.
The growth in corporate profitability is certain, and investors can consider re-pricing corporate risks. Both absolute and relative valuation methods are used in combination with their development characteristics.
Corporate revenue is mainly composed of four parts of the personal market, the household market, the political market and the emerging market, the private market and the household market business are moving into a five-g long-term profit period, and the personal business is steadily developing; the household broadband business is congregated.
Jor “Giga Upgrade + Content Operation” is developing rapidly; the growth momentum in the political and business markets, including such operations as clouds, idc, the Internet, and the 5g industry applications, is strong. (since 2032) Three phases, using fcff valuations, reflect the company’s long-term growth value.
In terms of operating costs, companies will increase in the short term in terms of the cost of supporting the network as the input and size of the 5g network evolves. With companies continuing to study innovative technologies, such as energy efficiency, to optimize the cost of operating the network, it is expected that after the peak of the 5g network, the ratio of operating costs will gradually be optimized and reduced.
In terms of cost rates, firms continue to increase their R & D inputs, and R & D rates are rising. As prices among operators slow down, and management efficiency increases, sales and management costs will be optimized in the short term.
With regard to income tax, some subsidiaries of the company and the enterprises involved enjoy a 15 per cent income tax preference for high-technology enterprises, assuming a 24 per cent tax rate, taking into account, inter alia, differences in tax rates, and with regard to the share distribution ratio, the share distribution ratio has gradually increased according to the company management disclosure plan.
In terms of capital cost assumptions, the no-leveraging beta coefficient is given 1.15 x, based on our industry understanding; the equity risk premium rate is 7 per cent of the difference between the annualized rate of return of the 300 index over the past five years and the no-risk rate of interest; the debt outcome rate is 5.30 per cent; thus the wacc is calculated at 11 per cent.
On the basis of the above main assumptions, the fcff valuation method is used to obtain a sensitivity analysis of the firm ' s reasonable value range as an absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, as shown in the following table.
As a global operator, the company’s head company, Roe is gradually rising, and the pb valuation level will be repaired with Roe. The company’s former pb (mrq) is 1.53x, which is at a low level compared to the global operator’s average (1.8x).
To value China’s mobile aa shares by 1.8-2 times pb. The company, as the leader of the global operator, our digital economy, and the company’s emerging business, has increased its investment in thin hair. The pb valuation should be matched to the global operator, giving the China-roe: the company’s performance and profitability have continued to improve and net interest rates have gradually recovered.
\triangleright builds a total of 700mhz network of 5g, the size of the company’s overall assets can be controlled and the total asset turnover or small increases.
\triangleright pb (mrq) for China Mobile, China Telecommunications and China ' s Connected Ports Unit were 0.93/0.80/0.45, with a global average of 1.8x.
Increased cost of input on the cloud side, slightly reduced profit projections, projected net return profits in 22-24 years, respectively, but the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular calculation of free cash flows for companies over the next few years, calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), assumptions of tv growth rates and comparable publics
The selection of the divisional valuation parameters has included many individual judgements: the high value of the annual free cash flow calculation has led to the risk of an optimistic valuation; and the weighted capital cost (wacc) has had a very significant impact on the corporate valuation, assuming that there is no wind in the calculation of the wacc.
(a) Risk interest rates of 11 per cent and risk premiums of 7.0 per cent, which may still pose a risk of underestimation or undervaluation of these parameters, leading to lower valuation values for the company, resulting in higher valuations;
4. In the relative valuation, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, and selected comparable corporate average dynamic pe for 2021-2022 and pb from the most recent financial report as reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the factors of growth and growth of the company, and amending the industry average dynamic pb and eventually giving it to the company.
1. The relatively saturated number of mobile users and the number of broadband users with limited scope for upscaling, with new client outreach likely to increase the penetration rate of 2, 5g users or less than expected in smart household operations, which may result in less than expected increases in mobile user arpu values or broadband operations;
The company’s industry is a very policy-oriented industry, which may be aimed at reducing the pressure on the company’s network costs, leading to a proliferation of regulatory policies that, in turn, affect the company’s profit margin, making the company’s sales earnings/profits out of reach over the next three years.
Because of the number of subsidiaries, their wide coverage, and the likely increase in the volume and size of their operations as they develop and expand, the company’s management of its subsidiaries will become more difficult and may adversely affect the management of the company’s operations in the event of management decisions or business expansion falling short of expectations.
Companies are actively pursuing national innovation-driven development requirements, increasing research and development investment, promoting the integration of 5g with aicde technologies, and closing down critical “crack” technologies.
Uncertainty, if future corporate R & D results are not recognized by the market and are less industrialized and commercialized than expected, firms will face the risk that the expected benefits of R & D inputs will be difficult to achieve. Market competition among telecommunications operators is stronger, and the overall population dividend will disappear, and basic communications will be the norm.
The cost of services continues to fall, and some Internet applications are replaced. Competition in the operator’s market has become more competitive, with prices affecting the sale and profit space of the company’s products.
a A smaller share capital gives rise to a risk of price fluctuations. The company a share capital accounts for 4.23 per cent of total equity, a of which the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.