q1 meets expectations, start h stock listing preparations, 1st quarter of 2019, 1st quarter of 2019, start h stock listings, 1st quarter of 2019, 1st quarter of 2019, 1st quarter of 2019, 1st quarter of 2019.
On 28 April 2019, the company issued a first-quarter report for 2019, showing an increase of 31.12 per cent, 33.24 per cent and 32.25 per cent, respectively, in operating income, net return profits and net non-repatriation profits, and a cash flow of 119 million yuan, or 71.10 per cent, respectively, from operating activities.
At the same time, the company announcement: The management requested the company ' s board of directors to authorize the company ' s management to initiate the preparation of the company ' s first public release of foreign shares (h shares) and their listing at the Hong Kong joint stock exchange, for a period of 12 months from the date of the board ' s consideration and adoption by vote.
II. Basicly and in line with our performance expectations for the entire year 2019, high growth in incremental operations such as cmc, consistent with our judgement on the trends in incremental operations, the synergies that continue to be demonstrated, and the high growth trends in cmc operations, consistent with our previous judgement
\triangleright’s business synergies continue to be demonstrated by the rapid growth of cmc’s operations, well above the growth in corporate income as a whole.
"According to expectations, capacity boundary breakthroughs, focus on incremental operations (2019.4.19), and so on, "Accelerated deployment of companies from production-dependent to scale-based operations (leveraging attributes) becomes an important point of view", highlighting the recommendation to shut down operations other than cmc, which, according to this quarterly report, is the receipt of company laboratory services, cmc operations, clinical operations.
The same rate of growth was 24.30 per cent, 69.91 per cent and 18.41 per cent respectively, indicating that the cmc operation was at a rapid and sustained stage of release, and we believe that the business is expected to be an important support for the future growth of the company's performance;
The bottom increase of 26.5 per cent, which shows a better continuity of orders for the company ' s business, compares with stock calls, and we understand that last year, when orders from companies such as z, genetech and others were introduced as important reasons for the increase in stocks in products, the company ' s cmc operations grew faster with the release of the Tianjin II waiting capacity.
The stock shows relatively rapid growth, considering the increase in corporate fixed assets over the past two years, and we believe that the trend towards rapid growth in cmc operating income and profits is sustainable for the next 2-3 years. Others: increased Nanjing Sage equity, accelerated clinical layout.
This, in our view, shows an accelerated expansion of the company’s capacity boundaries. As companies’ laboratory orders continue to push back the flow, it is expected that the growth rate and profitability of clinical operations will continue to improve.
\triangleright management cost rate of 15.24 per cent in 2019, an increase of 0.76 pct in the same year, mainly due to company share-a listing costs,
We believe that the q2-q4 management cost rate is expected to decrease in 2019 and that absolute performance shows a trend towards quarterly improvement (when the breakout period is marked by a focus on incremental operations, which is largely consistent with the firm ' s trend last year). The net cash flow generated by business activities has increased at a rate of 71.1 per cent.
Much higher than the profit rate, showing good cash flow control for companies. cmc and other business expansions, day-to-day round-up prices are 53 times greater than 2019, and from comparable company valuations, it is found that Conlon is transformed into a sub-stock, estimated.
The value is slightly higher than that of a colleague, taking into account that it is in the accelerated business layout period to maintain its previous “carefully recommended” rating. Management risks associated with the accelerated business layout, short-term fluctuations in orders, and management challenges associated with the clinical business layout.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, University of Technology, Hong Kong, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,