Flexibility in clinical operations and exchange rate fluctuations
On 18 April 2019, the company issued its annual 2018 report, in which it increased its operating income by 26.76 per cent, its net profit by 46.94 per cent and its net profit by 48.88 per cent, respectively, and its net cash flow by 33.51 per cent; of that, its operating income by 201804, its net profit by the net profit by the net profit by the parent and its net profit by the net profit by the net profit by the net profit by the non-refund by the net profit by the parent by the same amount.
1) Of these, clinical research income of $348 million in the three major operations of the company was 54.33 per cent higher than corporate income, while the Māori rate of the business increased significantly by 9.99 percentage points, becoming important to the company ' s performance 2) at the cost end, influenced by the appreciation of the United States dollar, the company ' s financial costs decreased significantly by 55.44 per cent and also for profits.
Second, it is expected that the capacity boundary will break through and focus on the contribution of revenue-side incremental operations, especially clinical services, cmc operations.
Synergy, rapid expansion from laboratory chemistry to bioscience, security assessment, cmc operations. Inter-business synergies are an important focus of our concern for corporate business expansion. The company's annual report shows that 60% of the api work is done by the company cmc. We believe that this reflects the company's new business expansion.
In the process, the impact of the scale of the stock business was also reflected in the firmness and robustness of the company’s new business choices, which gave us greater confidence in the sustainable growth of its future business. At the end of the year, the number of company employees stood at 6171, representing an increase of 19.5 per cent (of which, the number of laboratory services was 38,56, compared with the same increase).
We believe that the increase in the number of people and fixed assets demonstrates the current favourable state of the company stock and incremental business, especially as the company cmc order structure expands to a later stage in the clinical phase, and we anticipate an increase in productivity, which is expected to lead to an increase in profitability.
Laboratory chemistry is growing steadily as a stock business, and clinical operations as an incremental business are of concern. Income components, with 65%, 22%, 12%, 2018.
The acquisition of integration by relevant British companies and the advancement of customer orientation have shown a remarkable increase. At the same time, the regional composition of business expansion, such as Māori cmc, accounts for 89.8 per cent (2018) of corporate income, but we find that in China, it is not possible to achieve the same level of growth.
Analysis of the reasons for the 50.7 per cent increase in revenue from the year 2018 in the operation of the National Region, which, according to the annual report, serves China in the service of the laboratory.
The number of district clients reached 279, an increase of 100 over the same period; cmc operations also benefited from the transition to innovation in the country.
In 2018, there was a slight decline of 1.19 pct in the Māori ratio of company-owned operations, mainly due to higher labour costs and depreciation amortization, while we believe that Māori is expected to show a steady upward trend as the company ' s clinical operations, security appraisals, and cmc operations become more profitable.
The same effect reflects that the cost side is expected to gradually turn; net cash flows from operating activities have increased by 33.51 per cent on a year-on-year basis, slightly less than the profit end increase, mainly due items and the impact of increased inventories, and we believe that the company is currently at the point of increasing utilization, clinical and equity gains.
The day-to-day round price corresponds to 53 times the year 2019, and the comparable company valuation shows that Kang Long has been transformed into a sub-unit with a slightly higher valuation than his peers, taking into account the management challenges posed by his or her performance during the accelerated business layout period, which maintains his or her previous “carefully recommended” rating.
Table 1: Conlon into Recommended Logical Combination. Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements. Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong University of Technology, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.