Focusing on +Purpose, Reforming the 100-year-old word #Yunnanbaiyaoggroup rapping:outperform
Wenxinyu yuan, 7.19 per cent increase in the same year, net profit return of $4.094 billion, 36.41 per cent increase in the same year, excluding qinzheng
yuan, 2.49 per cent increase in the same year, $1.702 billion net profit for the mother, 12.12 per cent increase in the same year, and non-repatriation of Pingpeng kehanmeng
• Focus on major industries, efficiency gains, and a steady growth in the pharmaceutical industry. In 2023, the company’s pharmaceutical industry received $6,481 million, an increase of 8.16 per cent in the same year, a steady increase in the core group of white drugs, a gain of more than $1.7 billion in white aerosols, an increase of 15.27 per cent in the same year, a gain of more than $900 million in white ointment and a return on white capsules.
More than $600 million. The brand has been growing faster, the platinum blue anti-inflammation tablets and the ceremonium water have been earning more than $100 million, the same-year growth of nearly 16% and 124%, the same-year increase of 47% in the cyst, and the same-year increase of $231 million in the oral fluids. We believe that the pharmaceutical business is the core business of the company, and the company will increase by 15%.
In 2023, the health complex achieved a steady growth of $6,422 million in operating income, a 6.50 per cent increase in oral care.
In the field of protection, the core product has grown faster, with sales exceeding $300 million in 2023, an increase of 36% over the previous year, and a rapid increase in online access. Companies will continue to focus on oral health and washing products in the future.
• The Chinese Drug Resources Department has developed steadily and maintained its strategic position in the supply of medicines. In mid-2023, the drug industry achieved an external income of $1.71 billion, an increase of about 22 per cent over the previous year.
This is a significant increase of 81%. Effectively guaranteeing stability in the supply and prices of company strategic varieties, and effectively curbing the price of company inputs against a backdrop of rising Chinese prices. We believe that the Chinese pharmaceutical industry is constantly focusing on regional advantages and ensuring that the company’s supply is accompanied by the creation of a consistently leading Chinese drug resource.
• Increasing research and development investment on a continuous basis, with clear short-, medium- and long-term strategies. The company has four major research and development centres, fully functioning the central coordinating function of the central institute, integrating and coordinating cross-regional research and development resources.
(c) Long-term focus on the transformation of the research and development of innovative medicines, focusing on exclusive varieties of advantage and focusing on nuclear drugs.
Innovative drug development. We believe that companies set strategic goals for research and development at multiple levels over different time cycles with the potential to drive long-term sustainable development in the future through research and development innovation.