Sipphones are growing fast, Vcs video products are breaking through, strongly recommended (maintenance) Liu Xu Feng (Research Assistant)
Net profits amounted to 591 million, an increase of 36.65 per cent over the same period; corporate quarterly reports 2018q1 disclosed operating income of 412 million, an increase of 31.76 per cent over the same period. Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounted to 196 million, an increase of 39.05 per cent over the same period.
The income from the sale of one communications desktop terminal was 78.65 per cent, an increase of 48.22 per cent from the same year; the proceeds from the sale of the UDCC unified communications were 10.47 per cent, an increase of 46.25 per cent from the same year; and the sales of the Vcs high-resolution videoconferencing system, the focus of strategic corporate inputs, was 6.46 per cent, an increase of 94.59 per cent from the same year.
In 2017, the company became the second largest distribution network in the world and in China. In 2017, the company became more intensive in potential regions, upgrading its access and coverage capabilities, and actively expanding its operations to large clients. With the rapid growth of the market of the sipphones, the company’s strengths were highlighted.
The firm became a partner in a one-stop solution for Microsoft audio-visuals, and recently, Microsoft released its smart team program. Cooperation with Microsoft is expected to have a positive impact on the company’s ability to develop smart communications.
Focus on vcs, a breakthrough in the product market. Companies keep rolling out vcs mature products, year-on-year company rolls a series of end-products, represented by vc800, cp960, and server products, represented by yms 1000/2000, extending the coverage of corporate solutions to SMEs.
Large to medium-sized enterprises, while increasing the competitiveness of the vcs system solutions. In 2017, the company's full video conference products were successfully placed on the central government procurement list of local government procurement “windwards” that can be seen in the market's recognition of corporate products and the future market space.
One billion people in vertical areas, such as medical care and enterprise groups, see the solution and open the clouds to the age of the cloud. One billion people, equivalent of 26 x, 20 x, 15 x, maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.