Industry leads, structure optimizes, business is expanding at a high rate
28-33 per cent increase over the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $185 million to $20 million increase over the same year, triangleright’s high performance in the world’s uc leading firms
The global integrated communications market is highly competitive, with companies leading the world ' s uc industry, well-positioned and well-selled products, with high performance rates of 30% and above sustained in the context of the expanding market. Corporate management has continued to improve over the reporting period, with lower cost rates compared to the same period last year. At the same time, companies have strengthened their financial management.
A certain investment gain has been made, and the negative impact of exchange losses has been better mitigated. The Māori rate, influenced by the exchange rate, has fluctuated slightly, but the overall Māori rate has remained stable as a result of structural optimization resulting from the expansion of the vcs product.
\triangleright product business accounts for nearly 80% of the company ' s main business income and maintains a high Māori rate of over 60% over the years.
Rapid growth, contributing to key performances. vcs business is expanding rapidly, opening up room for company growth, and as the R&D of the unified communications platform and the Vcs terminal progresses, the company is building a complete unified communication ecosystem.
According to frost&sullivan data, the global videoconferencing market will maintain a combined growth rate of 15% over the next few years, and there is much room for companies to grow. During the reporting period, the company further increased its investment in vcs, vcs continued its good growth and vcs increased its operations at a significantly higher rate than the same period in 2017, when the company did not.
The company has gained a strong edge based on core technology, and has vigorously developed the product architecture of the vcs business, pre-research assistant: Jan Mye-chan, 32 times more than pe, 24 times more than pe, and 19 times more than the average.
And 79 times. Maintain a "very recommended" rating. Sip sector market competition increases; vcs R & D diffusion falls short of expectations.
Continuing Competitiveness, 201,10272, “Big Billion Network (300,628)” company review: high performance growth, sip phone and vcs two rounds of business
Motivated by Yang Xiang, Master ' s degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the people in August 2015, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade Master ' s degree in economics, two years of business experience as an operator and, in 2017, the people ' s securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.