The Battery Dragon leads the global – the Ningde Times (300,750.sz) incident review report.
/youy+156%, with a net return profit of about $8.2 billion/youy+82%, exceeding expectations. Performance is over-expected, profit points are clearly repaired, spots are visible.
The net cash flow was +11.6 billion, significantly higher than the single-quarter net profit level; as of the end, the contractual liability of 2022q2 was 19.5 billion yuan, an increase of about 30 per cent over 2022q1 and a high level of single orders. 202H1 battery production was 125gwhh, with production capacity in the first half of the year.
On the whole, the company’s two-quarter profitability has been strongly repaired, with clear points. The company’s cash flow has been strong, orders have been abundant, capacity has expanded positively, and growth is likely to take place in the long term.
Construction works were 37.5 billion yuan and fixed assets were 62.2 billion yuan. The industrial chain continued.
Global markets - Yin Bin, Le Giangtao - 22210 are well-funded, productively expanding, and currently planning production is close to 1,000 gwh, and the industrial chain continues to be strengthened and competitive.
Global leaders such as BMW, BMW, Ideas, energy, technology leadership, continued global competitiveness, power cells, companies actively developing fast-loaded products, ab innovative grouping
Volume extension; storage of energy cells, with over 4 gwh of outdoor prefabricated systems based on long-lived core technology, liquid cold ctp box technology, continued to increase R & D inputs, with R & D costs in the first half of 2022 reaching about 4 gwh
58 billion yuan/yoy+107%. The company released a third generation of ctp (the argon battery), which created a new global high in integration, with a capacity utilization of 72% and a energy density of 255wh/kg, which supports 1,000 km continuity; and the first electricity generation worldwide.
Cycetic cooling technology, which supports 5 minutes of rapid heat start and 10 minutes of fast filling, fast charge, safety, longevity, efficiency and low-temperature power cell use is the world's number one, 2022h1, for five years in a row.
Taku, a multi-dimensional leader in technology, capacity, etc., and continued strengthening of global competitiveness and long-term growth are achievable. Expanding capacity boundaries, we look to the medium- and long-term development opportunities of companies to sustain them.
Policy volatility risks; downstream demand lower than expected; product prices less than expected; risk of deteriorating competitive patterns; and capacity expansion and digestion less than expected.
As a core member, it covers lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related listed companies and related industrial chains of new energy vehicles.
Four years of experience in securities practice, joined in 2021 to study new energy cars and listed companies. This reflects my research. I have not received any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for not doing so, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.