In the Ninder era (300,750.sz), Shen Jia has improved corporate q2 profitability, accelerated expansion of production capacity, and proposed “buy-in”
Companies are leading companies in the battery industry, and their output is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles rises and the demand for storage energy rises. Companies increase their investment in research and development, and keep up with new competitive products.
The impact has been reduced, with companies expanding their global customers and expanding their production on a large scale, and their performance is expected to grow rapidly. Q2 has earned $6,490 million in operating income, yoy + 158.1%, and the net equivalent of $2.88 per cent in the first half of the year.
The market has expanded rapidly, with company power cells delivering 125gwhh, a doubling of the previous year. According to sneresearch, the company ' s power cell use was 34.8% in the first half of the year, compared to last year ' s mix of products.
The company ' s profitability rate has improved significantly: the company ' s profitability ratio has improved significantly, with a gross interest rate of 21.85 per cent, an increase of 7.4 percentage points over q1; the net interest rate of 10.4 per cent, an increase of 7.3 percentage points over the ring. The company ' s Māori rate has increased because, on the one hand, q2 has increased the price of battery raw materials.
Institutional investors as a share of the circulation of a share Visible to downstream customers, where the Māori rate of power cell products has been repaired over q1; on the other hand, other business revenues (including R&D services, material sales, scrap sales) with a higher Māori rate for companies
The gross profit on other operations rose by 26 per cent in the first half of the year. The three cost ratios of the o2 companies decreased slightly by 0.9 percentage points, of which the management and sales rates fell by 0.7 and 0.6 percentage points, respectively, and the financial cost rates increased slightly by 0.3 percentage points.
One hundred and thirty-four million yuan, an increase of 1,223 million yuan, of which South American companies will invest in the 100gwh battery project in Hungary: the company will make a public announcement that it will invest in the construction of a new 100gwhh energy battery project in Hungary, with a total investment of 7.34 billion euros.
Construction began this year. The project was the second overseas project of the company after the German factory (14gwh) with a significantly larger investment. The project will strengthen the company’s production in Europe and will meet the rapidly growing needs of local customers. By the first half of the year, the company’s battery system was able to produce.
For 154.25 gwh, active capacity 100.46gwh.