In mid-2022, the Ningde era released its semi-annual report for 2022, with $119,971 million in revenues in the first half of 2022, and Huang Xiu Yo.
The price of raw materials increased considerably in the first half of the year compared to the same period the previous year, but most of the q2 upstream material prices began to loosen, so that the q2 Māori ratio fell in the same year, but the ring ratio recovered significantly. As of the end of the first half of 2022, corporate contract liabilities were $19.518 billion, the same year.
Power cells, storage energy, and lithium battery materials have increased in three major operations. In the sub-operation, the 2022h1 power cell system received $7,943 million, an increase of 160 per cent, the Māori rate of 15.04 per cent, and the same technology has continued to upgrade and produce new products. With regard to power batteries, 2.2c is fast filling the domestic head of the three-dollar product.
In the case of storage batteries, the outdoor prefabricated system, based on long-lived core technology, liquid cooled chtp box technology, delivered in bulk, was more than 4gwh. The company continued to increase its R & D investment, with R & D spending $5.77 billion in the first half of 2022.
The same increase of 106.5%. The company released a third generation of ctp-girconium batteries, with a newly high system integration, with a capacity utilization of 72% and an energy density of 255wh/kg, which supports the continuation of 1,000 m; and a five-minute rapid heat start-up, supported by the first global power core large surface cooling technology.
Ten minutes is running fast, with a steady increase in global city occupancy, fast-loading, safety, longevity, efficiency, and low-temperature performance. Corporate power cell usage is the first in a row for five years, with 34.8% of the world ' s cities in the first half of 2022, an increase of 6.2% over the same period last year.
The company’s previous acquisition of overseas power cell customers has led to large-scale mass delivery, with continuous approval of overseas customers in terms of products, technology, delivery, and services. The company’s overseas customers have deepened, and Ford has announced a global strategic partnership with the company, which is covered by the partnership.
Power cell supply in countries, Europe, and North America; the company intends to invest in a battery plant in Europe, Hungary, to further improve the global strategic layout. At a firm position, with high business growth trends, profitability is expected to improve marginally, and recommended ratings are maintained.
The increase has led to a downside risk in the Māori rate; increased risk in market competition; the convergence of new products and technologies; and the “market index” reference point of this rating system, 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.