During the Ninder era (300,750.sz), the demand in the power and storage markets was strong, and the growth in corporate revenue was sustained. The growth in sales of new energy vehicles led to a rapid increase in the demand for power cells, according to the sneresesearch data.
Global power cell use in January-June 2022 increased by 76.8 per cent over the same period.
Six months after the deployment in the United States of 1.75gw/5.01gwh of pre-schedule battery storage capacity, the same power increase was 51.3 per cent compared to the previous year, and demand for household light storage was growing rapidly in Europe due to energy supply and demand constraints. In addition, according to Sneresearch, corporate power cells were deployed in the first half of 2022.
The combined effect of the increase in rates has enabled companies to maintain a growth rate of more than 150 per cent in their q2 revenues.The increase in the q2 Māori rate was a major factor contributing to the recovery of performance. The sales rate of Māori for 22q2 sales reached 21.85 per cent, a decrease of 5.4 pcts and an increase of 7.4 pcts in the ring relative to the second quarter.
In terms of product structure, the 22h1 power cell system/lithium battery is associated with the non-enjoyment of the market price dividend due to the long distance of overseas customers’ commodities. Cost rates have generally declined over the period.
The net return on the company's 22h1 investment amounted to $1,795 million, and the investment proposal: the future of the company's electricity-driven car and storage is still open.
Space. As the global champion of lithium batteries, the company has significant advantages in technology leadership, product quality, 1, and the company's assessment of the Ningde era (300,750), customer resources, industry layout, brand influence, cost control, etc.
In addition, the company continues to be deployed in the area of new energy mineral resources and upstream materials, starting with the _2022 investment strategy _ a "double carbon" cycle, new energy 3, new electricity industry _ company comment
The risks associated with changes in industrial policy: the upswing of upstream raw materials is too large to guide downstream German era - mid-point assessment: the risks of higher power, higher storage than expected, and the downside; and the risks of less productive capacity than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.