Half-yearly, Ningde reported: performance exceeded expectations, profitability was repaired by $156.32 million, compared to the same increase of $156.3 million; net profit was $8.17 billion, compared with an increase of 82.17 per cent.
The impact of high raw material prices, the recovery of second-quarter profitability, the Ningde era’s gross profit margin of 14.48%, the continued decline in price negotiations with clients, and the expectation that corporate profitability will continue to improve. Downstream demand and productive capacity will continue to be released.
Driven by developments in the field, demand for power cells and storage cells grew rapidly, with global power cell usage of 203.4gwh in the first half of 2022 rising by 76.8 per cent over the same period, according to sneresearch data; according to the Ministry of Technology, the national production of lithium storage batteries in the first half of 2022 amounted to 32gwh, representing an increase of 113.3 per cent over the same period.
The price of raw materials continues to rise, demand does not rise at the desired pace, risks of policy change, competitive patterns in the industrial chain, demand surges, pre-distant production expansion in the Ningde era, battery production in the first half of 2022.
Up to 154.25gwh, a 107.7% increase in the same year, and production of 125gwh, a 135.7% increase in the same year, the output distribution and customer breakthroughs in overseas markets, and the company’s global market share are gradually rising. On the basis of German industrial plants, the company plans to invest in the construction of a battery plant in Europe, Hungary, to further improve the global strategic layout.
The company interacts more with American clients, both new forces and traditional car companies. In July, Ford announced a global strategic partnership with the company, covering power tanks in China, Europe, and North America. According to Sneresearch, the company’s power cell use was the world’s first in five consecutive years, in 2022.
Ningde Age Depth Report: short profit landings, power and storage power double-wheel drive (2022.6.24)  Electricity Energy Industry Tracking Report: Cost of Lithium Raw Materials
As the price of lithium raw materials stabilizes, the power and storage sectors grow, we believe that the power and energy industry track reports: power cell companies expand.
Corporate performance growth is certain. We expect that the net return profits of the Ningde era from 2022 to 2024 will reach the Ningde era - a fixed point of increase: a high-value increase in capacity, a deep study of the new and renewable automobile industry: power dynamics in progress.
The rate of acceleration has benefited the entire industrial chain of new energy vehicles (2021.8.6) and the increase in the price of materials has led to a significant decline in net return profits.
Profit recovery is more than expected. In one quarter, the gross profit rate fell to 14.48 per cent against the backdrop of a sharp rise in raw material prices, adjustments were made and some retroactive adjustments were made in the first quarter, the price of raw materials was hit by a battery price increase in the second quarter, profitability recovered in the second quarter, the gross profit rate in the Ningde era rose to 21.85 per cent, and the net profit rate recovered.
Provinces and cities have introduced policies to promote new energy consumption incentives, while overall consumption demand is strong as high-quality new energy models continue to be launched and users experience rising. The growth in the market for new energy vehicles and the development of storage power markets has led to a rapid increase in demand for power cells and storage batteries, with global power cell usage of 203.4gwh in the first half of 2022, according to Sneresearch data.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the national production of lithium storage batteries in the first half of 2022 was 32gwhh, an increase of 113.3%. In response to downstream demand surges, the Ningde era was characterized by an expansion of pre-prevalence capacity, the Ningd era electricity in the first half of 2022, the power mix and customer breakthroughs in overseas markets, and the company’s global market share is rising.
On top of this, the company plans to invest in a battery plant in Europe in Hungary to further improve the global strategic layout. Companies interact more with American customers, both new forces and traditional car companies. In July this year, Ford's car announced a global strategic partnership with the company, covering power cell supplies in China, Europe and North America.
According to sneresearch, for five years in a row, corporate power cell use was the first in the world, with 34.8 per cent in the first half of 2022, an increase of 6.2 percentage points over the same period last year.