q2 performance has improved significantly, and globalization has made the King's voice evident.
q1 is an increase of 7.37 percentage points, q2 quarter profit loops are a marked improvement, and we believe that the q2 profit improvement for Wu Ho power equipment and the new energy industry shows that the previous price hikes were good, and the price transfer went well with lithium power materials in the second half of the year.
The recovery of lithium battery materials has increased significantly and the profitability has been relatively robust. The overall Māori rate of 2022h1 has been 18.68 per cent, with an increase of 159.9 per cent for power cell systems in the same year, and 15.04 per cent for Māori.
7.96 percentage points lower than in the same year: Lithium battery material collection increased by 174.2 per cent in the same year, Māori by 20.65 per cent, or 0.5 percentage points lower in the same year; storage energy system collection increased by 171.4 per cent in the same year, grossly less smooth, to a certain extent allowing for a decline in the profitability of the battery system and downstream of the storage capacity system
The global layout is strong. The company's 22h1 battery system produces 154.25gwh, \triangleright has a 50% power battery load in the country and a strong leader.
In July, the company plans to build a new energy battery industry base in Jinning; in August, the company added a new Hungarian product to its annual partial release. We believe that the company will continue to increase its productive inputs, the European market will be further configured, and its leading position in the lithium battery industry will continue to be consolidated in the future or will continue to be consolidated.
\triangleright Risk factors: industry demand below expected risk; raw material price volatility risk; new technology development
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry.
The Voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, was a Research Assistant in the Workforce for Securities and Mechanics in the Henging Industry and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and was responsible for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry, Sun-yun, a team member, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, and was responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
Chen Jie, a member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for the lithium electric materials industry, and will not have any relevance, directly or indirectly, to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.