Energetic European capacity, global strategic layout deepened, Nguyen Xiaoyan, 15th of August 2022.
▪ Events: 1) The company intends to invest no more than Euro3.34 billion (equivalent to RMB 50.8 billion) in the construction of a 100gwhh power cell system production line in Hungary, with a total construction period not expected to exceed 64 months, the first of which will start in the course of this year after approval. 2)
According to official public numbers, the next generation of electric vehicles produced in Europe by Mercedes will provide a high-performance, carbon-neutral battery core to respond to localized procurement strategies.  Accelerating global production, we expect companies to plan their production over 900gwh over 25 years.
Hungary Production Planning, Master Plan 100gwh. Construction is expected to start in the course of this year, with secondary post-natal expansion, with the company ' s Master Plan exceeding 900gwh, with overseas planning in Germany, Hungary, 200gwh, far ahead of the country ' s second line and overseas battery plants, fully full
The company’s demand for hand orders will support the company’s share of more than 35% of the world’s installed aircraft. European capacity planning is well beyond the Japanese-Korean battery plant in the Meningde era, and it is expected that Europe’s share of the city will rise again.
The Division built a second factory in Europe, located in the heart of Europe, where the local industry was well equipped to procure battery raw materials, and was close to the entire car factory of its clients, Benz, BMW, stellantis, and the general public, to enable companies to respond to customers’ needs in a timely manner.
Europe’s leading Japanese-Korean company, and its home-grown battery producers. Previously, Europe’s market suppliers were lg, sk, Europe’s share was about 15% in 2021 in the Nender era, and with Ninder’s surrogate capacity, we expect the future share of Europe’s cities to rise to 30% +, the global flagship.
Breaking through the overseas Mercedes/Fort supply system, the global leader is firmly in place. The Ninder era will provide the next generation of electric vehicles that Mercedes produces in Europe with excellent performances and carbon-neutral battery cores, and Mercedes will be the first and largest customer of a new factory at its initial capacity.
Electric cars are dominated by soft-packed batteries, with a smaller overall share of the Ningde era, mainly supplying domestic eqc, eoa, etc. This time Ningde is developing batteries for the next generation of European Mercedes, a major breakthrough in the European market, and is expected to boost the global market for the Einingde era.
The tax credit policy has been well under way, with the company signing an agreement with Ford that will be used for Mach-e in 23 years for the " Ningde era" (300,750): hand-held Dithium phosphate battery bag, and for pure electric card f-150 in 24 years for lithium phosphate battery packs, and
Into the North American market, expansion + incentives to get orders for commercial cars like elms, Lightingemotors, etc. While US subsidy policy requires a fixed percentage localization of batteries, Ningde-era technology and costs are far ahead of Japanese and Korean battery manufacturers, no.
It is hoped that a gradual breakthrough will be achieved in the United States through home-grown, United States-neighbored plants, joint ventures with car companies, etc. Ningde Times (300,750): First Quarterly Review 2022: Cost Impact O1 Profiting
Event: 1) The company proposes to invest no more than Euro3.34 billion (equivalent to RMB 50.8 billion) in the construction of a 100gwhh power cell system production line in Hungarian Germany for a total construction period not expected to exceed 64 months, of which the first plant is in the process of acquiring a picture
Construction will begin in the course of this year after clearance. 2) The company’s official public is saying that the next generation of electric vehicles that Benz will produce in Europe will be provided with a high-performance, carbon-neutral battery core to respond to localized purchases, to accelerate global production, and we expect more than 900gwh over 25 years of capacity planning. The company will add a new Hungarian production code.
Row, Master Plan 100gwh, which is expected to start construction in the course of this year, is expected to be partially released in 2024. We expect the company to produce more than 400 gwh by the end of the 22nd year, adding up to the current expansion, and the company's total capacity planning is over 900 gwh, with overseas plans for Germany, Hungary, 200 gwh, far ahead of the country's second-line and overseas battery plants.
In the Ninder era, Europe’s capacity planning is far higher than the Japanese-Korean battery plant, and is expected to rise again. In the Ninder era, the expansion base is located in the southern industrial park of Debressen, an eastern city of Hungary, building a second plant for companies in Europe.
At the heart of Europe, the local industry is well equipped to facilitate the purchase of battery raw materials, and is close to the entire garage of its customers, such as Mercedes, BMW, stellantis, and the general public, to enable companies to respond in a timely manner to their customers’ needs.
With the Ningde era, where Europe accounted for about 15% in 2021, we expect a 30% increase in Europe’s share to 30% in the near future, and a strong global leader. Breaking through the overseas Mercedes bus supply system, the global leader is strong.
The next generation of electric vehicles provides a high-performance battery core that meets carbon-neutral standards, and Mercedes will be the first and largest customer of the new factory at its start-up capacity. The current Mercedes electric vehicle is dominated by soft-packed batteries, with a smaller share in the Ningde era as a whole, with a major supply of domestic eqc, eqa, etc. This time Ningde is developing batteries for the next generation of European Mercedes.
America’s electric car credit policy is well under way, with companies breaking through Ford’s supply chain before it is expected to accelerate in the Middle East. America’s electric car tax credit policy has advanced, and the House of Representatives voted on Friday to enact the law, pending the signature of President Biden.
The subsidy for case electric vehicles was maintained at a maximum of $7,500, and the original limit of 200,000 vehicles was lifted, and the electric vehicle had to be assembled in North America and a percentage of the battery assembly was required from North America ($3750, equivalent, $3750), while the United States expected 1.1 million to be sold over 22 years, and if the subsidy landed, it was expected to further boost sales over 23 years.
The company signed an agreement with Ford to supply phosphate lithium batteries to Mach-e since 2023, phosphate lithium batteries packages to pure electric card f-150, and commercial car orders like elms, lightingemotors. Although US subsidy policy requires a certain percentage of locally produced batteries, Ningde-era technology has been developed since 2024.
We're far ahead of Japan and Korea's battery company, and we're looking forward to having a securities investment advisory in the form of a home-grown plant, a United States perimeter plant, and a joint venture with a car company.