High-price-fall performance, market-based expansion of productivity Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of power cell q2 price-fall, storage plate short-term pressure on Māori repairs for the second half of the year
90gwh, the average price is 0.88 yuan/wh. The average price for batteries in the second quarter is 0.94 yuan/wh, compared to 6.43 per cent in the first half of the season, corresponding to -30.17 per cent in the first half of the season, and less profitable for the plate, which we believe is material plate: $13.67 billion in the first half of the year, compared to +174.75 per cent in the first half of the year.
20.65 per cent, or -0.5 per cent, of the total production of polar and related materials currently stands at 216,000 tons, and the future material plate will continue to contribute to the company ' s profits as the company ' s integration strategy continues to be deployed upstream.
According to Sneresearch, the company ' s global battery stock market in the first half of the year was 34.8%, an increase of 6.2 percentage points over the same period last year. The company continued to deepen its overseas cooperation, establishing strategic partnerships with Ford ' s cars, covering power cell supply in China, Europe and North America.
In order to meet the high demand from downstream, the company's capacity has expanded rapidly, and by the time it is reported that the company's battery plate produced 154gwhh in the first half of the year, with a production capacity of 125gwhh, with a capacity utilization rate of 81%.
Considering the expected smooth realization of the company ' s power cell price increase, the gradual restoration of profitability, our upward adjustment of raw materials, the higher than expected increase in battery prices, and the lower than expected growth of the industry.
The Year's Report has a strong, business-oriented cash flow. 2021-4-28. The Year's Report has a strong record of performance.
“New Energy in Huaann Securities _ Corporate Review _ Ningde, Annual Report, Rising Cost Performance Understood, Huaanan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covering the Electricity and Automobile Industry”
General China, Teco Electronics, Song Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering the areas of transport, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy sources and traditional vehicles.
The Act, which uses legally compliant information, independent and objective production of the present report, the data and information used in the present report are published in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information purposes only. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not be directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.