In the Ningde era (300,750), the Lithium Power King came back and continued to lead the process of industrial change.
The moment when the Division’s performance pressure was most severe has passed, with strong corporate recovery and up-and-up performance being sustained, with further full cost transmission and a slowdown in upstream pressure. The profit point confirms that the subsequent yield rises to a high level of certainty.
A step-by-step, profit point confirmed. We measure the level of profit from the company ' s power cell to 0.07/wh or more, the ring ratio to about 600%, which should be derived mainly from the full downside cost spread down by the company ' s q2 price increase, and significant recovery of the profit space. The outlook will follow us.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is considered to be highly firm in terms of QEL: 1) fully supported by company capacity: first half of battery production 125 gwh, 100 + gwh, mainly from the Car Bay, Foding, YBN and Xiaoyang projects
Construction is progressing well, contributing to a major increase in production capacity and adding up production efficiency; the company is now well placed to release the output further with the above-mentioned capacity, and the follow-up Xiamen, Yichun and Qui An's new projects will contribute some of the capacity to support the company's delivery in the second half of the year.) Price end, follow-up.
The power and storage battery business still has some clients who have made further price increases (relatively longer price-fixing cycles) and the learning effect increases the ability of the company to withstand upstream pressure through price increases; at the end, we measure the cost of ncm and lfp core materials as they begin to fall after q2.
Releases and upstream supply and demand patterns are improving, upstream cost pressures are expected to be manageable, corporate profits are returning, firm globalization is taking place, leading industrial chain innovations.
Tomboma, Mercedes, Popular and Stillantis (both in Debressen and its vicinity with an electric vehicle production layout) are further bound in depth and are expected to form a co-ordinated layout with the domestic lithium electric tap (e.g., the Nte shares of the same local plant) to create an offshore industrial biosphere and capture the European city.
The Sichuan plant has become the world's first “zero-carbon plant”; the technology and cost of high nickel products are superior to the competition, laying the foundation for a follow-on sea venture, and the pace of globalization is firm.
A comprehensive forward-looking layout of materials, structures and manufacturing systems has been proposed for a coordinated vehicle solution consisting of sodium & ctp/ab batteries +m3p &  high nickel & americium, while a full deployment of medium- and long-term technologies such as solid, cobalt-free, lithium empty, lithium metal batteries, etc., to capture long-term market-based technological paths and sustain them.
The Lithium Power King has come back and continues to lead industrial change The expansion of production has not been as fast as expected The profitability projections and financial indicators:
The Lithium Power King has come back and continues to lead the process of industrial change.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.