Incidents: Western Hill Coal Power Annual Report 2018, released on 23 April 2018, with 32,271 million yuan in business earnings achieved by the company in 2018, an increase of 12.62 per cent over the same period; Western Hill Coal Power (00,983.sz) total profits, 32.30 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 20.39 per cent; Mothers ' net profit of 1,802 million yuan, an increase of 14.87 per cent over the same period; net profit after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses, the same amount of $1,740 million,
Net cash flows from operating activities increased by 10.72 per cent; net cash flows from operating activities increased by 31.67 per cent over the same period; basic earnings per share increased by $5.7 billion; companies proposed to send every 10 shares to the Western Hill Coal Power for the first quarter of 2019 on 23 April 2018, resulting in operating income for the company during the reporting period of $8.510 billion, an increase of 16.59 per cent: total profits of $947 million, an increase of 12.15 per cent over the same period; net returns of $594 million, an increase of 15.79 per cent over the same period; net profits after deducting non-recurring gains and losses of $596 million, an increase of the same amount
Zhou Jie Research Assistant Coal has increased the price of the coal business, leading the company to grow its performance in 2018. Corporate coal sales increased markedly in 2018, producing 27.45 million tons of raw coal, an increase of 2.47 million tons (9.89 per cent) over the year: 2,561 million tons of commercial coal were sold, an increase of 1.76 million tons (7.38 per cent) over the same year.
Wang Chimin’s research assistant, pct., has 7.73% lean coal (1.06 pct more than the same year), 14.53% gas coal (0.57 pct less than the same year), and 8.24% primary coal (8.0% percentage point less). Overall, the company’s coal operations are priced up, the coal-recording ratio is stable, and the company’s 18-year performance has been driven by increased profits from coal plates.
Western Coal Power (000983) Quarterly Review: Three quarters of performance has fallen, and the scarcity of coal-based resources has led to long-term growth of companies. Most of the coal mines in the country that produce coal are less productive and less productive, and since 2016 the supply side has been reformed. Western Coal Power (000983) has been rated as having a steady performance of coal-column head.
China’s restrictions on imports have led to an annual evaluation of the coal-fired West Mount Coal Power (000983), which has led to a steady increase in the supply of coal, while the Chinese government’s countercyclical regulatory policy will stabilize the demand for coal in the iron and steel sector. Supply restrictions and demand are robust.
Robust growth, resource advantages for long-term development. 208.04.26 Coals are the main focal point of the ancient deposits in which the division's main production area is located, with low ash fractions, low sulfur fractions, and good flaring. Companies are in a very important position in the domestic supply of cokers, especially high-quality cokers, so that the scarcity of cokers will greatly benefit the company.
On April 15th, 2019, the Shanxi Provincial Congress for the Reform of State-owned Enterprises was held in Taiwon, following the 2018 \triangleright Sindal Securities Co. Ltd.
After the year of the "battle", the Shanxi State Finance Committee identified 2019 as the "win year" for the reform of Shanxi State Treasury, and it was suggested that Shanxi will be implementing the "Nightmare No. 1" building in Beijing City's West Side Street this year.
The MCC+ strategy seeks to achieve two “zero breakthroughs” in overall listing and new stock listings, with existing listed companies strengthening market value management and gradually increasing asset securitization rates. The current asset securitization rate of the Shanxi Coal Group is about 24%, with the company as the only coal company to be listed under the Shanxi Coal Group, with a coal production ratio of only 26%, the best platform for the group and its coal business to achieve overall listing.
Stock price catalysts: economic growth is higher than expected; supply-side reforms in the coal sector are higher than expected; and corporate-state reform processes are higher than expected. Risk factors: economic downside, low demand; and security accident risks.
\triangleright Tung Ming, Dr., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, China University of Mines (Beijing), Member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, Member of the China Bank of Experts for the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, Member of the China Bank of Consulting Experts for Business Audit and Inspection, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for research and advice in coal- and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research and Technical Revision of the Coal Industry Policy
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Technology, School of Mining Engineering, University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.