002938.sz.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 0.74 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of 1.379 billion yuan, a decrease of 18.99 per cent in the same year. Business income for the third quarter of 2020 was $7.351 billion, a decrease of 8.1 per cent in the same year.
(i) Delays in the new Apple aircraft and loss and loss on exchange q3 performance
Since the launch of the iPhone 12, sales have been on fire, and in the future we expect a significant increase in the volume of Apple phones, which is conservatively expected to reach more than 220 million in 2021, which is expected to increase rapidly, while the introduction of 5g technology has made company products single-lined in iPhones.
q4 and a faster rebound next year. (ii) Active horizontal expansion, with new businesses contributing to higher performance, is the global leader of the pcb industry, deeply tied up to large upstream clients, Applefpc,
In addition to iphones, smart enough to wear devices such as airpods and applewatch have become important growth points for companies in recent years.
In order to be expected to be adopted in ipad and macbook, companies will benefit in the long term from the increased penetration of Miniled. In addition, companies are expected to gradually release long-term growth space in areas such as car electronics, servers, etc.
Soft board demand is expected to benefit from a 5g mobile phone switch and high growth in wearable products.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Macro-level capture, top-down excavation of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain, different industries; in-depth understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, good at managing marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.