q3 profit is disturbed after the core client orders have been extended by the season.
• q3 non-traditional seasons have led to disruption of the year-round profit release rhythm, maintaining an “uptake” rating of 17.47 billion yuan, yoy+0.7 per cent of corporate operating income, and 1.380 billion yuan, yoy-19.0 per cent of net profit realized by mothers in the first three quarters of 2020q3 of which $7.35 billion, yoy-8.1 per cent were earned in the first quarter of 2020q3.
Each year, companies are affected by single rhythms from core clients, orders will focus on q4 releases, we maintain the previous +2020o3 client orders at a slower pace, exchange rate fluctuations increase financial cost pressures, core clients contribute more than 60 per cent of corporate operating income, and new opportunities will be developed and hit as a result of the epidemic.
The delay in production and distribution caused by the blockage of the sample phase, a delay of 1-2 months in the availability of core suppliers of mobile phone series products compared to previous years, led to a decline in business income for the first quarter of 2020q3, an optimistic outlook for sales of Māori and fixed assets, and an increase in the company ' s share of the core items over the same period in 2019.
Corporate revenue from 2020q4 will increase significantly from 2019q4. Core customer orders are settled in dollar form, and 2020q3 will devalue against the renminbi, resulting in corporate financial costs being boosted from the 2020q3 core customer order volume, with the company’s clients and applications extended over the medium to long term.
Core client orders benefit from the turn-on cycle, competitive gaps, supply chain increases, and capacity utilization increases. Corporate First Cover Report - Complicity with Excellence, plus a return to high-season rates. Corporate hdi products are expected to be accompanied by Mini-led backlights.
In the long run, the company’s industrial chain is extended, with the help of the slp operation extending upstream to the ic-board, chip-covering area, downstream building on the smt capabilities of the current soft plate, moving into the module business and growing in time.