The doppelganger Holdings (002938.sz) will benefit significantly from the iPhone switch cycle.
The iPhone pulls on corporate softboard revenues. The company’s revenue fell in q3 because of, inter alia, the iPhone 12 roll-over: the company’s revenue of $7,351 million, or 31.68 per cent, was higher than we expected, and we think that Apple’s demand for new machines and the company’s revenues are strong.
The company is an important supplier to Apple, and we measure the iPhone's cellular business in the series of apple headlines, which support 5g, and sells hot since it was released. Apple stock.
With a clientele of about 1 billion, we expect the apple stock to be replaced over three years or so, with a gold switch. In 2021, it is expected that the global volume of iphones will be more than 230 million, an increase of more than 20% over the same year.
A strong chain order will result in a rapid increase in the productivity of the company, while the use of 5g technology will result in a significant increase in the value of the company's products in the iPhone; in addition to iPhones, smart enough equipment such as airpods and applewatch will become the company in recent years.
Hdi will also be an important growth pole for companies in the future. The company is the global leader in the pcb industry, a leading technology firm, i.e. Apple, an important supplier of fpc, slp, and fpc.
In addition to the soft boards, the company has actively increased its ultra-hdi layout, and the investment in the 3rd park has increased to $5 billion, and is expected to be partially operational by the end of 2020. Some of the products will be in the future ipad and macbook ' s miniled backlight module.
We believe that the use of minired backlights is about to become widespread, and that their penetration will boost the price of ultra-hdi volumes, and the company will bring in new products to stabilize large customers, with the prospect of new long-term growth. In addition, the company is actively setting up automobiles, electronics, services.
In the future, the hardboard is expected to form an important growth pole, flying in two wings with the firm's soft plate.
"Punt Holdings: O3 Performance Under Pressure, Beneficiary Apple Cycles Retrenchment, with future soft and hardboards expected to fly on both wings, is now significantly lower than comparable companies, "Punding Holdings: Apple Gold Starts to drive the company's performance."
Maintain the `recommended' rating. Aiot has benefited significantly from a booming development of pcb taps. iPhones have delivered less than expected and high-end pcb penetration is less than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Change and cyclical tipping points: Exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.