Events: 21h1 achieved operating income of $3.85 billion, an increase of 32.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.330 billion yuan, an increase of 30.9 per cent in the same year; 21q2 achieved operating income of $1.45 billion, an increase in the same year
Performance growth is robust and profitability is good. 21q2 company income, profit growth is robust and growth is strong. Practice No.: s1500520110001 has a faster pace of dealing with the lowest Māori rate in the year; the Māori rate rose mainly in the first half of the year.
The cost base is low, and this year there are more promotional activities, more advertising inputs, and better profitability. Corporate taxes and surcharges were 10.81% in the first half of the year, 1.77 pct less in the same year; sales fees increased the structure of the product and the pace of intensive farming increased in and out of the country. (1) Sub-products: 21h1, company-specific.
The product collection ratio reached 65.9 per cent, with an increase of 4.09 pct, mainly in the company ' s accelerated v series, with a smooth transition, a robust overall increase in the k series, and the company 's new v department of enhanced layout, which was developed at the beginning of the year to serve as a powerful k department with a tactical supplement to the new k series, has worked well in the implementation of its product strategy.
(2) Subregionally, corporate income continued to come mainly from the provinces, which accounted for 92.63 per cent of the total, but increased more than from the provinces, with the increase in commercial recruitment (79 more out-of-town dealers over the period).
With the exception of the 18 new distributors in q2 in Central Su, the rest of the province has remained stable, the growth model of deep-farming in Nanjing has begun to be replicated in South and Central Su, whose income grew by 50% in the first half of the year, and by 37% in Central Su.
In the first half of the year, the payback pace is fast mitigating the effects of the epidemic, and consumer confidence needs to be restored. The company sold back \triangleright (603369) in the first half of the year: \a+fast release
Four billion dollars, an increase of 75.8 per cent over the same period, of which q2 returned 1.9 billion, an increase of 48.8 per cent over the same year, and the number of companies, both in- and out-of-country farming and expansion, was working well this year. At the end of the second quarter, the company prepaid 650 million, an increase of 170 million over the same period.
At the beginning of the month, there were repeated outbreaks in Jiangsu province, with the company’s central markets in Nanjing and Yangzhou affected by the effects of the present-day period (603369): performance slowed down slightly over-predicted sales. Since the resumption of work on July 15th, the recovery of the mid-autumn reception has been in a state of wait-and-seek mode.
During the period, the structural upgrade continued at 2021.4.21 Autumn and Mid-Autumn payments are still in progress, and confidence in consumption has yet to be restored.
Risk factors: the impact of the epidemic; rising competition within the province; the failure of the off-provincial market to expand as expected \triangleright
Itd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City, has seen a significant increase in income from product groups 2-21H1Ta+.
Figure 5: Company rate below 21q2, but up from year to year Figure 6: Central Su region continues to contract deep and the rest remains stable Figure 7: Sustained offshore recruitment to accelerate nationalization
Figure 8: Rapid growth in the developed regions and out-of-provincial areas in the province of 21q1
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.