The first half of the year saw faster growth and a steady increase in structural upgrading - the first half of the year 2021 (603369) reported that the performance of the first half of the year was in line with expectations, with faster growth in both revenue and net profits.
As a result of accelerated v-series cultivation, the management cost rate was relatively stable, falling by 0.37 percentage points to 2.88 per cent in the same year, while the financial cost rate fell by 0.28 percentage points to 0.68 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of increased interest income earned
In the first half of the year, contract and other current liabilities totalled $732 million, representing a 34.4 per cent ring increase, mainly due to active lending by second-quarter distributors.
Heyuhang@cczq.com has continued to be released in a series of heyuhang sub-high edges, and the number of distributors has grown faster.
In terms of product breakdown, the national series continues to be released, with the ta+ wine (synchronous and above) being collected at 2,529 million yuan, or 49.74 per cent more, in the West Side of Beijing, and the taa wine (more than 10 syllables below) being collected.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, 1,012 million yuan, an increase of 12.79 per cent; income of 1.60 per cent for categories A, B, C and D, respectively, and 1000 per cent for Shanghai, China and China.
Sub-high-end products continue to be released, growing rapidly with increased demand, and the results of structural upgrading are highlighted. In the sub-region, Hsien Shenzhen Fukuda Fukuwa, where no. 6 tax-exempts are found, the provincial income has increased by 31.34% over the same period, with Nanjing's income level reaching the 1 billion mark.
For China (Sichuan) free trade experiment, China (Sichuan) achieved revenues of 7,13, 4.39, 479, 462, 385 million yuan, an increase of 18.88 per cent, respectively.
There was a net increase of 83 distributors to 1031 nationwide in the year and a half, with 13 to 413 distributors in the province.
(A net increase of 0/-1/1/-12/17/8 in the Huaihai/Nain/Naking/Saine/Sunan/Su-Chu/ Huaihai region, respectively), a net increase of 70 to 618 out-of-country dealers in the provinces and a steady expansion of the out-of-town market.
On the price side, the new version of the national currency has been raised to around $440, and the new version of the fourth is on the market faster, with the v series increasing faster because of the low base last year. In the first half of the year, the company launched a full-scale campaign for the Fourth World War. The provincial areas have continued to grow deep, and the outer plates have been built up in an orderly fashion.v
The focus has been on price systems, channels and consumer growth systems, complementing new business marketing such as out-of-way purchases, high-end clubs, and opening new channels such as banking cooperation, brand names, etc. The four countries have launched a new marketing event of 54 events, accelerating the d20/d30 layout, combining extension resources, and promoting brand activation.
As a whole, performance targets for the year are expected to be successfully achieved. Maintain the company’s “upper” rating method, using legally compliant information, and produce the report independently and objectively.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.