A steady growth in the second quarter, with fast-growing performance Investment rating: buy-in (maintain) cash return of $4.02 billion, yoy + 75.7%, cash flow has improved significantly.
The Division achieved a revenue of $1.46 billion, yoy+27.3 per cent, a net return to the mother of $530 million (mainly due to the impact of the epidemic during the same period last year, with a very low sales cost base), and a similar reduction of 0.35 pct.
Disaggregated products, q2 at 300 USD or more in the traa+ category of the national series (v series, k5, iv) Compared company prices with the trend of 300 deep Division products continue to move upwards, sub-high end products benefit significantly, and products within $100 continue to contract,
However, the overall share was relatively low; the same 28.5 per cent increase was recorded in the q2 province, including the Xiaan/Nanjing/Saine City/Sunnan/Sunjiang camp, the strategic market in the south of the country, which grew faster, with the north of the province sinking and the south rising penetration rate remaining high; and the q2 Su-China/Shanghai increase in the number of dealers by 18/8 and the south of the Sudan reduction by 11;
The same decrease of 0.8 pct, q2 foreign distributors increased by 86, 2 fewer, and q2 faster;
In 2021, the company significantly strengthened its strategic position v9 and v3 (v3 position 700 + v9 position 1500 +, according to the company's disclosure in 2020 v9 sales).
Sales revenue of $128 million) includes a focus on resources to enhance the promotion of public information, to build a brand, to take over the upgrading of consumption, and to plan for the companyv is a 10-year target of $10 billion in size, and for the 21-year target of $1 billion (of which V95 billion, V34 million) and the company is now based on the creation of a national cellar companyv.
The high-end platform company, which plans to form a V-college to accelerate the high-end gold process.
Company v is a short breeding cycle, with a cost-for-market orientation in the ahead, and the upward and continuous performance of the product structure is still to be observed; k is a major effort to maintain market order and price stability, while k is closed and consumption upgrade leads to structural upgrading
• Four new upgrades to continue the growth cycle. In 2021, the company will upgrade the four upgrades to strengthen the market position of the nation. From January to March, a total increase of $30/bottle bid was introduced, and a quota system was launched.
On the one hand, by fine-tuning the four packagings, incorporating the concepts of quality, culture, environmental protection, forgery prevention and informatization in order to boost the new product, and on the other,
On the other hand, the introduction of quota-based regulation, with strict price controls, has led to an orderly advance in quota-based management through such actions as the importation of an information system and the promotion of end-to-end scavenging codes, with a focus on the synergy between the two core items of v9 and the four core items. The judgement of sub-high-end four will remain the company’s core increase for the next two years.
Indeed, challenging the target performance is positive and positive, with core k-based products remaining 18.3 times the product ' s life cycle. We believe that the corporate product structure responds to the structural growth of the industry, that channels continue to take advantage of group purchasing, that there is still much room for southwards in the regional province, that critical period outside the province is changing, and that the company has 14
1) Consumption has increased at a slower pace than expected, and secondary-end white wine has developed less than expected; 2) the Southern and Central Su regions of Jiangsu Province have performed less than expected; 3) the expansion of the area outside the province has not progressed as expected; and the present report has been produced independently and objectively using information of legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.