:: Investment rating: purchase (maintain) of  Shandong gold for the year 2024
In 2024, the company achieved $82,518 million, or +39.21 per cent; in 2024, the net profit of the mother and the increase in the value of gold produced in the mine resulted in 25,026 million yuan, or +40.08 per cent, in its own gold.
In 2024, the Division produced 46.17 tons of local gold, which is +10.51% of the same year, mainly from the Trisan Island gold mine, the Gold Continent company, etc., and from the Linglong gold mine to the Mountain International.
The company’s prices are 6.6 million tons/year compared to 300 tons deep, and the company is pushing forward the construction of the Jiaojia gold mine, the New Town gold mine and the Katinomutini gold mine, which are planned to produce no less than 50 tons of gold in 2025.
The price of gold increased as a result of interest-reductions, global geopolitical conflicts and the domestic average price of gold was $557.36/g, compared to +23.83 per cent in the year 2025; the interest-rate-reducing route remained open, the Trump tariff policy triggered risk avoidance, and the price of gold continued to rise, with the national average price of gold rising on 2 April 2025.
• Prospecting + M & A continues to advance and the volume of resources sustains the increase 58.8 tons of additional gold available for prospecting. For M & As, in 2024, the company successfully competed for prospecting rights on the outskirts of the bridge gold mine and acquired 70 per cent of the stake in the head of the mine; and completed the infusion of the Western Ridge gold mine.
Integration with the Three Mountain Islands gold mine; MFI acquisition of 100 per cent of the Osino to the Namibian twinhills gold mine, with a total of 765 tons of the above-mentioned M & A additional gold resources, which supported the high public gold price in 2025, continued innovation, company expansion projects, and M & A + higher reserves
High volatility in gold prices; under-construction of projects; over-expected growth in company gold costs; mining 1. Gold production is expected, gold prices are supported by higher prices and production capacity is released, and performance continues to increase.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.