Performance increased on a year-on-year basis, with multiple construction projects laying the foundation for forward growth - report of the incident evaluation of Shandong Gold (600547.sh)  Growth in self-generated gold production in 2024, in the construction of new projects
The main reason for the increase in gold production is the increase in production capacity and grade. The third mountain island gold mine, gold-continental company production, which has been expanded by a breakthrough; the rise in the grade of Western and Central Bo, the new city gold miner, and the increase in gold production; and the rise in gold production.
Re-opening of mining areas, improved processing and selection of minerals, increased capacity for further releases; increased overall extraction of the Belladro gold mines and improved grade of the piles; progress in the construction of company projects; and pilot production of the Namutini gold mining project.
The construction of the Kartino Namutini gold mining project, which started with a test vehicle in early November 2024, is currently in the pilot phase of production, with an annual disposal capacity of 9.5 million tons of ore per year, with an average annual output.
Crude ingots include 8.438 tons of gold.1 Shandong gold (600547); same performance is high, mainly due to efficiency gains and gold prices
In addition, the Kao family gold mine produced 6.0 tons in 2024, and since 2024 it has been expanding the construction of production projects and the construction of security facilities.
Up to 6.6 million tonnes/year, an average annual production of 2906 tonnes of floating gold concentrate (deterioration in cost of gold and significant improvement in performance) was achieved.
The new city gold mine, which produced 5.7 tons in 2024, is advancing the process of resource integration and development. After childbirth, 2.64 million tons of ore are disposed of annually, with an average annual yield of 1196 million tons of floating gold concentrate (with gold of 7771 kg/year).
In the postnatal period, 600,000 tonnes/year of ore are produced, and the three mountain islands gold mine, which has received an integrated 4.95 million tonnes/year mining licence, is currently in the process of approval of construction projects, installation reviews, etc.
In the area of autonomous prospecting, 58.8 tons of additional gold from prospecting were realized in 2024, including Katino Ghana, Kajia gold mine, Trisan Island gold mine and gold.
In terms of mergers and acquisitions and injections, successful competition for prospecting rights on the edges of the bridge gold mine, completion of headholds, 70 per cent of stockholdings in the mining industry, acquisition of the mining industry, resumption of production in the same year, profit in the same year: the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine was successfully injected into the company, and with the San Francisco gold mine
Integration of mining rights, with 4.95 million tonnes/year of consolidated mining licences, is currently in the process of approval of construction projects, installation reviews, etc.: Mountain International completes 100 per cent acquisition of shares from osinoresourcescorp.
There is still room for upward gold prices and many new construction and expansion projects are still under way, leading in the long run to an increase in the volume of home-grown minerals and to the maintenance of a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) The price of gold falls sharply; 2) the amount of own-owned minerals goes down; 3) the construction of new projects progresses.
This is the first time that a gold mining industry has been affected by environmental safety and environmental impacts, and so forth.
Dufei: Carbon neutral group member, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, responsible for color research and new materials.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.