We're looking forward to a further recovery in the value of the debt, and we're looking at the company's research, the company's quick evaluation, the bank's firm, the city's comptoir.
According to HSBC, the firm is expected to benefit from a steady growth policy in the short term, and therefore has a strong base and the ability to sustain high performance growth. On the other hand, the firm’s current core-level capital adequacy rate of 9.12%, with some capital pressure, is high, and therefore as the debt reversible is released, it is market-level.
The company’s fundamentals are excellent, its development prospects are good, and its development prospects are good. 1) In terms of external demand, the region’s population inflows and economic growth are faster than the country’s economy, thus generating a stronger financial demand.
In recent years, both banks have expanded their assets faster than the average industry, reaching around 15%; (2) By their own means, companies have been able to meet strong domestic financial needs in ways that avoid the spread of shareholder earnings.
The expansion of companies is healthy and sustainable in its own right. The capital bank has reduced risk preferences and adjusted its lending structure since 2016. The overall asset quality has improved considerably, and in recent years the rate of negative production has been consistently below the industry average, and the rate of negative production has been very high in the first half of 2021.
As a matter of fact, it is the low-cost savings resulting from the excellent public customer base that enable companies to adjust their credit to low-risk, low-yield assets while maintaining high profitability.
In recent years, the growth of urban growth has been faster than the national average, compared to the urban GDP growth plan of around 7% in 2022. Population inflows have also reflected the growth of the economy in terms of the economy.
In October 2021, the Central Committee and the State Council issued the Plan for the Construction of the Economic Circle of the Twin Towns of Chengjing, which proposed that “the two cities of Chengjing shall be divided into two cities”.
Economic circles have become important economic centres with national influence, science, technology and innovation centres, reform and opening up of new highlands and high-quality living places, “by 2035, a strong and distinctive bi-city economic circle will be built, Chongqing and Chengdu will enter the ranks of modern international cities”, opening up new strategic opportunities for the future development of cities as cities.
Regional population inflows and faster economic growth are expected to generate more demand for financial services from financial institutions. In terms of asset growth in recent years, capital banks have been growing faster.
In addition, the bank’s banks are not only high, but also high. The bank’s bank’s banks are in the forefront, with strong endogenous growth capacity, and in the long run can be effective in avoiding the loss of shareholders’ rights and interests and the “water and water” phenomenon. In addition, the bank’s bank’s banks are not just high.
Roa is also high, rather than relying solely on leverage to get high-roe. Strong endogenous growth means that companies can better manage regional economic growth. Figure 7: Chengdu banks are in the top 3 of the list, and low risk preferences lead to sustainable development.
Companies can manage risks and have excellent asset quality and high-quality growth at the same time as fast-growing firms. One of the main advantages of a capital bank is that it has a lower cost of debt. Companies have a good customer base for public operations, with public-time deposits at the top of the industry, allowing companies to increase their stock clean-up since 2016 and reduce their risk preferences by investing in low-yield but low-risk assets and liabilities.
Cost advantages and public business advantages also make companies capable of doing this in the choice of customers. The changes in the choice of customers have three advantages: first, to help companies achieve long-term healthy and sustainable growth, we can see that the negative rate of generation of companies has been declining to lower levels of water in recent years; second, that such groups are dominated by large and medium-sized enterprises, which makes the company ' s business and management costs relatively low; and third, that companies have a comparative advantage over public operations.
In the short term, it is more likely to benefit from macroeconomic growth policies. As overall financial data are at the forefront of the industry, horizontal valuations are still low, and overall, capital banks have an excellent external environment, expanding faster than the average, and benefit from a good corporate customer base.
In recent years, companies have also been at the forefront in terms of operating income and net profit growth. In terms of valuation, p (ttm) was in the fifth place in the industry as of 1 March 2022, while pe (ttm) was in the fifteenth place and the valuation was still not high horizontally.
Attached: (i) Requisition information for the current release of remunerative information by Chengdu Bank: Silver into Debts (code 11305.sh) issued at a size of $8 billion, distributed online, requisitioned online without payment of requisition funds, cap of 1,000 units per account (10,000 units, $1 million), t 3 March 2022; issued at this time
(c) Market pricing analysis: by reference to the first-day premium on the transfer of Sioux debt and the transfer of business debt to the market, based on the initial parity of $99.31
The first day of listing is expected to be $124.14 and the market price at ytm = $ 115.20 at 0. Silver transfers raise significant gains, the debt base is well protected, and it is recommended to be actively involved in new debt requisitions.
In the long run, the capital stock at the core of the company is currently 9.12%, and there is some capital pressure, so that as the fungible debt is released, at the market level, it is expected that the company will benefit from a steady growth policy and will be able to sustain higher performance growth.
The continuing weakness of the macroeconomic situation may have a negative impact on the quality of bank assets, which is not considered because of uncertainty about the timing of conversion; the author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; and the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.