Public Services and Environmental Protection Unit Nuclear power continues to be robust, new materials are available, and more major remodelling arrangements + Fok Qing 4 unit minor repairs affect nuclear power: new energy sources
1. China Nuclear Power Corporation (CNE): Increased nuclear power capacity factor, increased gas supply in Tian Wan, and increased electricity supply. 1h24 sold a total of 99,295 million kilowatt-hours, compared to 2.
As a result of a larger number of major nuclear power repair arrangements in Qinshan/Thirteen units than in the same period last year, Fuku Qing4 was small-scale repair, which was continued and expanded by 2023.10.27 (2) wind/photovoltaic power generation of 76.3/85.1 million kWh, respectively.
3. " China Nuclear Power Corporation Review: Nuclear power is operating robustly, with a larger green power being built than +50.5 per cent/+55.1 per cent. The price adjustment for nuclear power is in line with expectations, and the profits from new energy sources are contributing. 1h24 nuclear power plates
The price of nuclear power in Jiangsuda Bay, where the market price was higher, was reversed after the coal power-capacity mechanism was put in place; it was largely stable, reflecting the fact that nuclear power was a more powerful market for clean sub-charges.
The net profit of the NCF of 1h24 in the subsidiaries is +3.2% on a year-on-year basis, maintaining a positive contribution against the backdrop of a highly competitive new energy market trade. A significant scale of nuclear power and new energy sources is being built, with an enhanced programme approved. (1) Nuclear power: interception.
Up to 1h24, the holding unit is moving 23.8gw, and construction and approval of 17.6gw is in progress.  State 1 unit is entering the commissioning phase and is planned to be connected to the grid during the year. (2) Green power: as of 1h24, the holding unit is operating 7.6/14.8gw, and the building of wind/light is under construction, respectively
It is hoped that the capex peak asset liability will be alleviated. Jiangsu Xu Xu’s first project was approved, and the new nuclear power approach was further. This approved Xu Xu’s first project was the launch of two Hualong I plus one high-temperature air coolers.
The energy supply is more efficient than electricity and the high cost of coal supports it, and we expect the project to have accelerated capacity.
The strategic significance and business value of green transformation in the field of source chemicals, profit projections, valuations and ratings, we expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 2024-2026.
The cost of nuclear power access is lower than expected, the cost of fuel is higher than expected, the construction of new units is less advanced than expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market