A further $14 billion was set for growth, the Social Security Fund and Jun Nakaru incident of 14 July 2024: a company announcement " Release of a stock plan to a specific target in 2024 " .
The total amount of funds to be raised by China's nuclear power is not to be more than $1.400 billion, including the cost of distribution, for the nuclear group of controlling shareholders and the Strategic Investors Social Security Foundation, among which the Chinese nuclear group is to be offered.
This fund will be used for Liaoning Xu 1, 2 (total investment: $42.2 billion), Liaoning Xu 3 and 4 (total investment: $52.3 billion),
In total, eight nuclear power units, with a total investment of $184.8 billion, are estimated to have a capacity of 12,632,000 kilowatts (kW), four units to be started, 493.3 million kW, and 74% of the units to be shipped/in transit.

Sustainable development; 3) promotion of sound performance and reasonable improvement of the cash share; 4) increase of medium- and long-term capital supply in capital markets. Synergy is reflected in 1) social security promotes further improvement of governance capacity and level by identifying non-independent directors in an appropriate manner; 3) social security is corporate interface.
Strategic resources to promote co-operation win-win. Quarterly reviews: base charge power performance is robust, profit is made and distributed after legal loss is compensated, legal reserve withdrawals are made, and discretionary funds are available.
In the case of profits, the company makes a cash bonus of not less than 30% of the distributed profits realized in the current year.
China Nuclear Power (601985): If the volume becomes the foundation, the quality changes, there are still additional funds and there are no temporary major spending arrangements, the company will further increase the rate of dividends paid on the basis of the original share of the bonus. The company values shareholder returns, and capital spending is the best.
Free cash flows are positive, and the dividends are expected to continue to rise.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain the 2024-2026 net return profits of the company, stabilize the project, accelerate the start-up of the project, and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The three main financial forecasting forms for nuclear power in China, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.