From the Global First strategy, we look back at the power of corporate growth. Based on the five-year goal and the same industry company data, we look back at corporate growth at the domestic level from the server Global First goal in 2022.
In fact, linkages are low. Reasons include years of autonomous control opportunities and their own development strategies. So, based on the company ' s announcement of 2022 as the world ' s first target for servers (city occupancy), combined with dell,
Competing data such as hp, which measure the future company cagr by more than 25%. Dismantling targets show that: (1) domestic revenue is expected to grow linearly by 22%; and (2) overseas income is more likely to determine strategic objectives.
For gross interest rates, corporate plus product innovations, i and margin computing servers may raise the combined Māori ratio from 2 to 3 pct to more than 14%; for cost rates, it can be achieved in collaboration with the Brother Unit under the Wave Group.
Indicators show that technology content supports higher valuation ranges. Companies and the server industry are leading in the area of information hardware research and development manufacturing through an analysis of indicators such as per capita R & D expenditure and per capita patent volume.
About 33 times the number of years, at the bottom of historical valuations, and with large differences in valuations, such as China and China, third-party data deviations; changes in demand leading to slower performance; and increased international trade disputes.
I'm qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
Wave information is a leading server company, with market shares remaining the country’s first and third largest in the world over the years (x86 servers dominated). With the cloud computing infrastructure boom in 2018, the market’s interest in and awareness of companies has increased considerably.
The key to value analysis for companies is therefore to capture the income from server operations, the trend in profitability levels, and the applicable valuation levels. On the revenue end, the market relies heavily on data producers such as idc, gartner, to track historical shipments and sales, which is one.
Some of the areas can be projected from the budget perspective of large downstream clients, but not from a holistic perspective. Here, we estimate the growth in server revenue over the next few years from another angle – the reversal of corporate strategic objectives.
So we look back at the potential for growth at the end of the company’s revenue base by looking at the company’s five-year plan. According to the company’s annual report and idc, the 2018 wave is the third largest in the world in terms of delivery and sales: the two companies that preceded it are:
Dellemc and Hewlett-Packard (the Chinese market is sold mainly through three channels in Xinhua), also known as Dale and Hewlett-Packard;
Considering that China’s growth gap and the strategic position of server business in the company is much lower than the tide, we believe that the wave will achieve the goal of the world’s number one goal, most importantly to catch up with the current leaders, Dale and Hewlett-Packard. Here, let’s begin by estimating the speed of the increase needed to catch up.
Hewlett-Packard's rate of increase, Dale's pressure. In 2018, Dell and Hewlett-Packard revenues (server area, bottom line) went up 60% and 29%, respectively. But considering a 42% increase in global industry (e.g., figure 2), it can be seen that Hewlett-Packard is behind the line.
By the fourth quarter of 2018, only Dale (-0.3%) and Hewlett-Packard (-2.0%) of the top five server brands showed a similar decline. By contrast, the wave showed an increase of 35.7%, and Hwa (-2.0%) in the same quarter.
One reason for the industry’s overall increase in sales over output is estimated to be an increase in demand for mid- and high-end servers. Among these, the Chinese market, with its higher rate of growth, HP, is sold by Xinhua’s 3nd generation, and it is assumed that the rate of growth in other regions may be lower.
Figure 4.18 q4 sales indicators show that the probability of higher growth in Hewlett-Packard performance than in the industry erodes the share of head competitors, taking into account the surge in demand from Internet firms in the Chinese market, the build-up of political clouds, the build-up of self-controllable orientation effects, etc., we believe that Del ' s future compound growth rate should be negative in digits, and that the HP rate should be lower.
Is it possible to achieve a high degree of certainty about what the goal is, how will wave information be achieved for such an increase? First, the company’s combined revenue growth rate in 2012-2018 was 66.7%, far higher than that of the other countries?
As production capacity is not a bottleneck (a good upstream relationship with chip dealers, Jinan, Shenzhen, USA, etc.) the speed of delivery depends on downstream demand and market share. We discuss it in two sub-markets, both domestic and overseas.
In 2019-2022, the cagr is expected to be 9.7 per cent, observing that in recent years more than 70 per cent of the domestic income of the tidal wave cagr (see figure 8), is approximately industry-specific. In particular, the first echelons of Internet companies, such as Ali, have been purchasing server products in large numbers over the past year, with potential future inputs, as well as complementary to customers in the government, operators, finance, etc.
The impact has been determined, and the domestic market alone is not enough. The idc forecast for the next few years is 5.7% for the global apparel market, considering the company’s low penetration in the overseas market and the adoption of large-client breakthroughs, so growth is not expected to be relevant to the industry’s growth rate. This is also confirmed by the company’s 350-140% growth abroad in 2017-2018 (see chart).
The company’s American customers, such as Apples, are going to do a global layout, and the company’s global supply chain will also guarantee its global layout. According to appleinsider, Apple worked with Waves Group to build its own data centre in 2016, and Apple became a wave server’s overseas customer.
Households, presumably, were one of the major contributors to the high growth overseas in 2017-2018. In general, the overseas Internet giants and cloud producers (such as Amazons, Facebook, etc.) are important customers for Dale, Hewlett-Packard, and white brands, while companies like Apples, uber, etc. have large demand for it, and companies that want to build their own data centres in the long term are more direct customers.
External trade disputes have a manageable impact on the tide. Wave business models provide for the purchase of core components such as cpu, memory, etc. from Intel, followed by R & D for sale, mainly publicly owned cloud producers and industry customers. Currently, companies work closely with Intel, and companies prepare spare parts such as cpu in advance, depending on industry demand, and in 2018 they purchased $1.458 billion from Intel.
30.5% of annual purchases, and the larger volume of wave purchases can gain a more favourable price advantage. Although the current US is targeting some Chinese manufacturers with a restricted import of core chips, the tide is not limiting the list, and the core interests of producers like Intel (cpu sells on Chinese markets, eco-building) are closely linked to the tide, and the wave is not affected by China.
Similarly, the tide has not been adversely affected by the external trading environment in terms of the protection of the commercial interests of foreign firms. According to our combined growth in the overall and domestic income of the wave, the high growth of the client can still be sustained by an overall 20 to 31% increase and an investment in overseas revenue of US$2 billion; and (3) if the company reaches out to one or two major clients in the coming years, it will be able to do so.
The goal will be more certain, and as noted above, the needs of potential client groups are clear, and as the value of the company’s products increases, and the efficiency of offshore centers works, such a breakthrough is possible. It is a viable path to a combination of about 25%, with better certainty that the global server market will be first in 2022.
In terms of the profit-end increase in Māori rates and fees, based on high income-end growth, we judge that the net profit level of the company will be further improved, mainly because of the Māori rate driven by products such as ai, margin calculations, super-integration, and the cost of sales being controlled in collaboration with the group.
The market for the one server is growing more mature and the product characteristics of the one with a high Māori ratio. The one server is primarily dedicated to scenarios such as deep learning, is more upstream dependent on the gpu and the ichi chip, and there is an increase in requirements in terms of power consumption. The 2018 wave was over 51% in the I server market, with a greater lead than the x86 server market.
The idc < 2018-2019 Chinese artificial intelligence year will exceed 30%. China’s artificial intelligence market is about $2.5 billion a year, of which more than 70% is invested in arithmetic-centred hardware market.
idc projects that China will invest more than $10 billion in the artificial intelligence market by 2022, with a combined growth rate of more than $10 billion over the next five years, accounting for nearly 50% of the total AI investment market. The tide is prominent in the i server product line.
Samples of scale are trained to hundreds of millions of samples and trillions of parameters in megascale model training needs. Agx-5 is the single most performing platform, with a peak of 2,000 trillion sessions per second. The company has also developed a software-based, in-depth learning cluster management system, ai application profile analysis system, and a caffe-mpi development and upgrading, resulting in a full-scale cluster-ai programme capacity.
On the one hand, arithmetical products have a high level of Māori in the early stages of development; on the other hand, ai servers are complex, with an average future industry growth rate of 59 per cent, hardware growth will be lower than the average industry growth rate, with a conservative estimate of 50 per cent, and the wave is expected to be about 27.8 billion in 2022, with a potential income ratio of more than 20 per cent.
The Māori rate is only 10-11%, while the i-server Māori rate is 15-18%, as the i-server ratio rises, leading to the emergence of a new market of 100 billion Māori servers across the board, a high Māori-specific client ratio, and an additional growth driver in the server area is the margin calculation. As the 5g and cloud calculations develop, the ability to calculate is placed close to the edge of the device.
The low-time demand of 5g will drive the growth of marginal computing prosperity. According to the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) itu definition, the three main scenarios of 5g are to increase mobile broadband, super-high-resistible ultra-low-time communications, and large-volume connectivity.
By deploying small or portable data centres on the edges of the network, end-request localization is required to match the ultra-marginal calculations of the three scenarios with cloud computing, with the marginal server market of more than trillion. According to idc, in 2020, more than 50% of data will need to be analysed, processed and stored on the edges of the network, meaning that margin and cloud-end computing needs can be as high as 1:1;
On February 25, 2019, at the mwc, the first wave release was based on the edge of the Otii standard, a product designed for 5g and capable of using 5g applications such as networking, mec, and nfv, to adapt to the edge.
The physical environment of the room. Ne5260m5 has a large number of adaptive designs for the peripheral rooms, such as wall-wall design, which allows each of them to hang on walls without a rack, and is suitable for environmentally simple peripheral data centres. Technical requirements for this product can also meet extreme environmental deployment requirements in terms of high temperature, dust-proofing, corrosion-resistant, electromagnetic-compatibility, earthquake-resistant, etc.
Wave cloud server experience helps to inform peripheral computing servers. According to the idc report, the output of products such as blades (-12.4%), large systems (+20.0%), hangars (+10.1%), towers (-6.6%) and multinode (+79.7%) were on the same scale and the fastest-growing number of servers (i.e., cloud servers). Not only for Internet operators, but also for traditional business users such as telecommunications operators.
The cloud server is a new type of server with high density, high elasticity, energy efficiency, ease of expansion, high modularization of functional units, pool, density of deployment, energy efficiency, and investment in the cloud data centre application landscape.
The wave’s development path in cloud servers is expected to inform the marginal computing server. It is expected that the builder of margin computing will be the telecommunications operator, a client group that will give high-end products a higher-morigin space than the one-server.
Considering the current wave of downstream clients, the share of operators should be around 5% (with revenues of about billions), and the marginal calculation of server sales in 2022 is expected to reach $10 billion, which, together with clouds and traditional servers, is expected to raise the Māori ratio to more than 1 pct. Cost rates continue to decline, and the group collaborates to achieve efficiency gains.
The net profit margin is also influenced by cost-side factors, including sales costs and research and development costs. Higher R & D inputs from companies are related to the company's attributes, and we discuss R & D costs in the next chapter. We believe that there is room for optimization of sales costs at the corporate model, channel and wave group level.
The Jdm model has been successful in mass customization on scale, and the cost rate has continued to decline. The cost rate for the company ' s period has declined since 2017 (e.g. table 16), i.e., the cost increase has not been as fast as the recovery rate, and one of the main reasons behind this is that the jdm model has been used to bind large clients, resulting in economies of scale and reduced costs of sales due to client fragmentation. At the same time, the Jdm model for meeting customization needs can be developed in conjunction with large clients.
As a domestic leader of the IT group, the Wave Group has a comprehensive layout in the areas of management software, large numbers of data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and a large number of industrial units under the Group’s umbrella, and therefore discovers and collects products at project opportunities.
There are opportunities for synergy between the various groups’ brother units in terms of quality flow, and there are two advantages to the group’s collaboration: first, that the group has regional companies all over the country, and that members of the Wave Information Project group are permanently based in local branches, saving sales costs and running costs; and, second, that efficiency gains can be made by leveraging server sales through other brother units, compared to other business units.
The main assumptions behind this discussion are as follows, for example, that wave software can be used in the field of e-government and that client-specific hardware and software needs can be centrally arranged and marketed on a server.
The four-year compound increase in the external market was more than 39%. Although external trade frictions in 2019 will have a definite impact on overseas customers’ choice of server suppliers, the wave has been associated with six of the top 10 Internet companies worldwide. As the situation becomes clear in the future, overseas sales are expected to reach a level of over 10 billion in 2019, with an increase of more than 35% after 2020, and a sales share of 23% in 2022.
2- Māori ratio: The company is the conduit for hosting upstream widget manufacturers and downstream customers, the price transfer capacity is expected to remain stable as the X86 volume industry has gained a significant advantage, at least upward bargaining power; the level of Māori in the new business is understood as the anchoring point for the server tap valuation level
Technology content indicators lead comparable hardware fields. Wave information historical valuation ranges from 35 to more than 50 times (as shown in figure 20) and more often around 50 times. Horizontal contrasts are most appropriate between wave information and the computer hardware industry, which is higher than the company ' s previous valuation level (50x).
We analyse indicators such as R & D and S content, which suggest that companies have a high scientific strength in the hardware industry, that there is a comparative advantage in the field of science and technology in the server sector, and that a premium should therefore be given. (1) Per capita R & D expenditure = the number of R & D expenditure/R & D personnel, which measures R & D input indicators from a per capita perspective;
(2) Number of patents per capita = number of patents/number of R & D personnel, to a certain extent representing R & D input output rates and technological competitiveness. Compared to the annual wave, R & D expenditure per person for R & D was 231,000. R & D costs increased by 118.8 per cent in 2018, compared to 80.0 million in 2017. (2) By industry comparison: average R & D expenditure per person in 10 companies was 107,000, Wave Information and S & M
Per capita R & D expenditure was 231,000 and 157,000, rankings 1 and 3, respectively. The wave information is still ahead of the average R & D patent. In terms of industry comparison, communications ranked second in the vanguard of telecommunications manufacturing, declining the number of R & D workers, mainly due to the rise in the number of patents, and the financial machinery industry, which accumulated a larger number of patents in the previous period.
The security sector is ranked at the bottom of 0.23 averages per capita, mainly because of the larger share of R & D per capita, competition for heat, and slower hardware innovation. The top ranking of representative companies, the pe valuation advantage, is supported by multiple data.
On the one hand, at the bottom of its historical valuation, and on the other hand, the difference in valuation between the area of China and China (about 54 times the size of 2019e), it is clear that wave information is leading the way in hardware manufacturers in terms of research and development and technology; overall, the server industry is also more technical than other areas of disaggregation, and the valuation area should be higher than comparable companies. In our view, wave information is the leading server area, the future business.
The compound rate of growth is expected to be close to 25%, with companies reaching a 2.17% net interest rate at 2018q4, and the future Māori rate will rise, while the net interest rate will rise, and from an event-catalytic point of view, a domestic production server, represented by the tide, will be released on a large scale in the domestic market since the Snowden incident. As a result of recent external trade frictions, the process of national substitution of domestic server brands is expected to accelerate, with the tide having a domestic market share.
(1) Third-party data deviations: projections are based on third-party data such as idc and are better authoritative, but there are still deviations in coverage, which may have an impact on key assumptions, particularly on server revenue growth. A brief analysis is as follows: HP 2017, corresponding idc data coverage is 92 per cent; Dale has a recent open server income caliber for fiscal year 2013, which covers idc data for that year.
The rate is 87%. Both rates are higher than the level of idc-to-wave coverage (73% in 2018), and the higher Del and Hewlett-Packard coverage helps to confirm our judgement. (2) Changes in demand slow the pace of performance: the domestic market is still the basis for the main growth in the wave, and the future of Internet producers.
Several years of demand may have slowed down, while the inputs of second-line firms are shifting, complemented by increases in government, operators, finance, etc., but if the overall growth rate of Internet major producers has declined significantly, or domestic operations have increased at a lower rate than expected. The public cloud markets of giants like the Amazon Google have been laid out globally, and overseas market developments will follow their expansion, if demand increases abroad return at a faster rate than expected.
If the US imposes restrictions on Chinese producers, such as the recent events in China, economic and trade relations between the two countries have deteriorated.
The company’s overseas breakthrough will be held back, but analysis of the core business interests of firms like Intel will not affect the wave as if it were China. Of course, markets like Europe, apart from the US market, could be a breakthrough.