q3 performance has increased at a certain pace and the competitive position remains stable: in recent days, the Quarter of 2019 was published by the Quantities of the Sea Group, where companies achieved business income of $35.513 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 15.18 per cent in the same year and membership of the Quadrant Group (002311.sz)
\triangleright point; q3 achieved a net return to the mother of 739 million yuan, an increase of 10.13% over the same year, a decrease of 0.18 percentage points over the same year of q2. This is mainly due to external environmental impacts, and corporate poultry operations benefit from higher poultry production, which keeps up faster, but the aquaculture and pig trades are hit more strongly. This is reflected in the fact that non-pest causes live pigs.
The sharp decline in farm production and the accelerating rate of monthly storage in the previous three quarters led to negative growth in the company ' s pig-food business for the last three quarters, with non-pest-related crowding effects on pig-food enterprises, and the diversion of some pig-food enterprises to aquaculture (aquaculture is less sensitive to feed products and has a relatively low threshold), resulting in low-intensity water competition, combined with the combined effects of weather, and a possible decline in the company ' s water-food production.
Firms have a strong competitive position and are expected to grow steadily over the long term. Companies have become more competitive in the industry with excellent products and management, despite the steady expansion of feed business \triangleright production and the elasticity of pig-producing operations. 1) Three-quarterly companies have released a debt-transferable roll-out plan to raise up to $3,421 million in total.
\triangleright, Reverse Growth in the Feed Masters Industry, Highlighting the Headlines, 2019.4 Growth in Productive Capabilities, we expect the combined product power and industry competitiveness of the postnatal company feed business to be further enhanced. 2) Corporations sign investment frameworks
The agreement to invest in the construction of 1 million farms, 3 million farms and 1 million pig farming, slaughtering and processing projects in the capital city of Loding.
They believe that the investment plan will help the company to improve the layout of the pig-breeding industry. As the pig price increases, the company's pig-breeding business enters a profit period, in the first half of the year, the company's livelihood is running smoothly.
With about 390,000 pigs out of the field, an increase of 30 per cent over the same year, of which about 340,000 are out-buying pigs, growing themselves up to about 50,000, and achieving sales revenue of $649 million, we expect that the company's pig-raising business will have a elastic impact on performance throughout the year.
"Cindasecuritiesco.ltd House 1, 9th Street, west corner of Beijing."
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: the risk of weather anomalies and diseases affecting the feeding industry; the risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices; the risk of policy changes; the exchange rate wave \triangleright
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.