Aluminium prices go up, and the lead gets the full benefit.
\triangleright Average Domestic Aluminium Oxide Current Prices increased by 2.9% in the first half of the year, and Aluminium Aluminium in the current month by 24.8% and Aluminium in the third month by 34.0%, respectively. The company ' s performance in the main section benefited from an increase in aluminium prices, with the original aluminium plate performing significantly.
Aluminium chromosomes and pre-tax profits increased by 940 million yuan and 360 million yuan respectively. The company ' s combined Māori ratio increased by 4.21 percentage points over the same period, reaching a new high since 2008, with an operating cash flow of $9,522 million, which is historically high during the same period.
\triangleright tons of energy red lines, which are expected to be limited in the future. On the demand side, rapid growth in the economic recovery and new energy vehicles, photovoltaic aluminium, etc., will be effective in supporting aluminium demand.
Tons of aluminum are expected to remain high for the sake of stability, with a strong leader and an optimal resource layout, the company being the only large-scale aluminium industry in China that collects energy, bauxite, aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, aluminium processing and whole-industry chains.
Aluminium oxide production in 2020 was the first in the world and aluminium production in the world was the second in the world. The company implemented the “two seas” strategy, and in 2020, the Guinea Fabau bauxite project was successfully completed, with 12 million tons of capacity designed to produce and further boost its funding.
The company had a consistent forecast of 13.7x and 19.1x for the South Mountain aluminium industry in 2021 with the major comparable industry company, Aluminium Clouds. Given that the company was a global aluminum tap, the original aluminium production capacity was significantly ahead of the domestic enterprise, and the company was entitled to a valuation premium, which was covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Council, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation