Performance is what is expected, and in the future, the vr's product is strong, and Gore shares (002241), fast-tracked 2017 performance is growing robustly, largely in line with market expectations.
Business earnings and net profit sizes grew steadily in 2017. The main reason for the growth in corporate performance was the increase in contributions from electronics upgrades and virtual real products, which were attributed to the net profits of listed companies, which grew by 29.91 per cent over the year, with robust growth in performance.
It is expected that smartphone upgrades will lead to a steady and steady expansion of voiceware operations. The electronics business accounts for more than 50% of Oyang Woo Sword Division's operating income.
Two-spk-IVspk, waterproof performance enhancement (ip67-ip68), increased number of microphones, increased noise ratio, etc., leading to a further upscaling of the asp, which is expected to sustain steady growth in the electronics business. Virtual real products or new drivers of corporate growth.
Since 2014, companies have acquired audio, Danish and audio technology solutions am3d, set up anima, and publish vr design platform vr 820 in collaboration with Hightower. In the future, companies will fully enjoy the dividends of industry development, virtual reality, etc.
Real products are expected to be a new engine of growth in corporate performance. With the full completion of the recapitalization project in 2018, the company’s capacity will increase further.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.