We're planning to take control of the Mountain Shipping Group, and we're looking forward to a breakthrough in the restructuring of the industry.
The plan does not involve issuing shares to purchase assets, and does not involve major asset reorganization.
1) There has been a major breakthrough in the reorganization of medium-sized airlines, and the concentration of the industry is expected to increase: since the outbreak, the divisions have been in a state of loss, but due to the accumulated operating profits of the past decade, the rest of the country’s large and medium-sized divisions did not significantly integrate in 2020-2021, except for the company of the sea navigation system, and the concentration of the industry did not change significantly. By 2022, during the first quarter, the divisions had lost again, while the second quarter of the last quarter was fermented.
Some of the small and medium-sized divisions are extremely difficult to operate, and the industry is in a state of readiness to integrate. National flight planning and control of the fleet led by the integration of the medium-sized fleet has led to a breakthrough, industry is concentrated. 2) There is still a gap in the quality and profitability of the network of mountain routes compared to the national fleet, and there is a expectation that the combined synergies will improve the quality of the benefits: in 2021, the fleet was 134, all of which were B737. In the summer and autumn season of 2022, the main flights were concentrated in Jinan, Qingdao, Xiamen, and the smoke station.
Lines such as Qingjia-Shanghai, Jinan-Dianan, Jinan-Shangmen, etc., are dominated by second-line cities. There are still gaps in the quality of the network and historical profitability of the mountain range compared to the State, and there is an expectation that the combined synergies will improve the quality of the route's revenues. 3) The industry's logic remains the same, looking at the full supply and demand reversal after liberalization, continues to recommend the civil aviation industry and companies, and maintains the “buy-in” rating.
In the long run, we will see the civil aviation industry re-emerge. The central pain of the current civil aviation industry is that demand continues to be suppressed by the epidemic, and we cannot judge when quarantine policy will change.
Air traffic requirements are expected to recover rapidly. The number of civil aviation transport aircraft increased at an annual rate of 10.1 per cent in 2011-2019, while in 2020-2021, with high operating pressure, the aviation divisions significantly reduced their capacity, with air transport aircraft increasing at a rate of 2.2 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, in 2022.
In the case of re-entry, only 3.6% of aircraft are imported in the year, and the actual rate of introduction may be further reduced if the epidemic continues. The continuing low transport capacity creates the preconditions for a demand-demand reversal, and the current fare reform continues.
Flexibility, promising record performance. We continue to look at the larger direction of the reversal of supply and demand in civil aviation as the impact of the epidemic subsides, with the introduction of continuous low capacity, fare reforms, the resonance of historical high guestship rates, and the prospect of record-high civil aviation performance, and continue to recommend flat reverse opportunities and post-recovery public sector performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
China’s navigational plans took control of Shandong Airlines Ltd. (listed company, code: 200152.sz) and then took control of Shandong Aviation Co. Ltd. (Standard Company, code: 200152.sz Hillsb). The planning did not involve issuing shares to purchase assets and not major asset reorganizations. Prior to this reorganization, China’s shares held 22.8% shares in the mountain and 49.41% shares in the mountain shipping group.
1) There has been a major breakthrough in the restructuring of medium-sized airlines, with an expected increase in industry concentration: since the outbreak, civil aviation has recovered and the industry has suffered losses. The Civil Aviation Authority data show that airlines lost $7.945 billion in 2020 and 67.09 billion in 2021, but due to past experience
Ten years of operating profit accumulation, 2020-2021, with no significant integration of the rest of the country ' s large and medium-sized aviation divisions, with the exception of the maritime navigation company, the concentration of industries, the collapse of the three major international lines from 2020 to 2021, and the sharper drop of the cr3, until 2022, when the first quarter of the epidemic disturbed the divisions again, the second quarter of the Shanghai and other outbreaks of disease, and some of the small and medium-sized aviation divisions operated in extreme hardship.
No, the industry's integration is on the rise. National flight planning and control of the MAD is leading the way, and the concentration of the industry is expected to rise. (2) There is still a gap between the quality and profitability of the network of mountain routes and the potential for synergies in the integration to improve the quality of the benefits: 134 mountain fleets in 2021, all of which are B737. In 2019, the company's passenger turnover was 37.65 billion, with 3.22 per cent of them in the city.
Passenger turnover was 92.13 per cent, international routes were 6.63 per cent, and regional routes were 1.24 per cent. With regard to domestic routes, in the summer and autumn season of 2022, the main routes were Qingnan, Qingdao, Xiamen, smoke platforms, Qingjia-Shanghai, Jinan-Dianan-Dianan, Jinan-Qiang, etc., one-to-one, two-to-one, three-to-two, two-to-three-to-three, three-to-three-to-three.
The shares were 0.5 per cent, 19.0 per cent, 7.9 per cent, 25.6 per cent, 33.6 per cent, 13.5 per cent (one-line airport is defined as the top ten airports prior to the 2019 epidemic, one-line airport is defined as the eleventh to thirty-point airports and the other three-line airports). With regard to international routes, in the summer and autumn of 2019, the company's main international area travelled to Cambodia on the second-line cities of the country, Thailand and Japan.
In 2019, the company earned 0.485 yuan in passenger km, which is less than the US$ 0.534 level, with a net profit rate of 1.90 per cent and below the US$ 4.71 per cent level. As a result, there is still a gap between mountain voyages in terms of the quality and historical profitability of the network, and looks forward to the synergy of the integrated fleet.
Figure 5: Weekly flights on the domestic lines of airports during the summer/autumn season of the mountain in 2022, Figure 7: Comparison of the quality of mountain and national routes
Figure 8: Size and rate of increase in revenue from mountain voyages, figure 9: The historical return of mountain voyages to the mother net profit, the spread of the epidemic has subsided in the short term, domestic demand has gradually recovered, and the number of international flights is expected to recover slightly, and the air infrastructure has improved in the future.
The general-state nucleic acid regime is pushing for greater demand stability and optimism. In the long run, we will see the civil aviation industry re-emerge. The central pain of the current civil aviation is that demand continues to be suppressed by the epidemic, and we cannot judge when quarantine policy will change, but if we choose to let it go one day, civil aviation needs are expected to recover rapidly.
While the number of civil aviation transport aircraft increased at an annual rate of 10.1 per cent in 2011-2019, in 2020-2021, with high operating pressures, the number of air transport aircraft was significantly reduced, with only 2.2 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, in 2022, and planning for the return of the fleets, without taking into account b737max, was only 3.6 per cent during the year, and the actual rate of introduction could be further reduced if the epidemic persisted.
We believe that if demand recovers one day, the price of civilian shipping will rise upwards, and the performance is expected to rise to record levels. We continue to see the impact of the epidemic on the larger direction of the reversal of the demand and supply of civil aviation, and we continue to see the increase in the supply and demand of civil aviation, which will continue to be introduced in successive low capacity.
With the resonance of historical high guest rates spurred by fare reforms, civil aviation performance is expected to rise to record levels, and continues to recommend flat reverse opportunities and post-recovery public-sector performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Over-expected macroeconomic declines, large oil price increases, large exchange rate depreciations, security incidents, and risk of restructuring failure
The tri-quarter evaluation of the China Air - 601111-2021: the outbreak's disturbances continue to lose, and performance releases need to be released before quarantine policies are relaxed - Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author