China National Airlines (601111). Operating losses have increased. China National Airlines is a national airline.
Regular and irregular domestic air transport of passengers, cargo, mail and baggage The operating losses are increased by the same ratio after the impact of investment gains and exchange gains: company exchange operations in 2021; domestic and international official flight operations; aircraft enforcement
Management of operations; aircraft maintenance; inter-air operator; $750 million, which was significantly better than the deficit of $5.92 billion during the same period over 20 years (mainly thanks to the participation of the Thai Airlines, ground services and air couriers related to the main battalion operations: aircraft)
Tax-exempt goods; retail operations on-board goods; aviation contingency insurance; significant losses achieved through the reorganization and development of freight flights. “Investment gains + exchange gains” insurance sales agent for 21 years; import and export operations.
In a more favourable situation than in 20 years, losses have continued to widen, suggesting that the company is experiencing a massive increase in its operating level, which has led to a drop in the number of passengers on domestic routes, and to further pressure to operate under high oil prices: the low domestic demand in the company in 2021 caused the price increase to be poorly transmitted to the fare.
Euros/seats. However, the revenue from the domestic route has been raised from 0.334 to 0.370, with an increase in the amount of b/h shares (in thousands) below the increase in unit costs resulting from the rise in oil prices.
Increased non-oil cost per unit due to disease stress and changes in route structure: 21 years of a company unit ask rises the non-oil cost per unit of a company from 0.390 to 0.427 km. The increase in unit cost is mainly due to two factors.
Declines. In normal years, the company's international shipping capacity dropped to nearly 40%, to 12% in 2020, and to 2.7% in 21 years.
The second factor is the increased consumption of personnel and materials as a result of the larger epidemic, which directly increases the cost per unit of non-oil in the event that the impact of the aircraft utilization rate is not likely to increase. Xar, where 37 were actually introduced in 21 years and one exited.
We expect that in the next two to three years, companies and industry-wide aircraft will be brought in at a lower level to reduce the pressure on cash flow from capital spending. Business is expected to improve this year, but the challenge remains serious: last year, we concluded that the country sailed in three.
Among the reasons for the most severe losses in large shipping are: 1. The ratio of national wide-body aircraft to the three largest fleets; 2. Beijing, which is particularly stringent as the capital; 3. the removal of cargo operations and the missed international air cargo weather period; and 4. The significant losses in national aviation by participating countries. This is the most critical factor in the fleet structure.
At present, although there has been a significant decline in Thai aviation, the inability of a high proportion of the wide-body aircraft to function on domestic routes continues to severely limit the performance of the country during the epidemic phase. Until the international route is reopened, the probability of the country’s sailing is likely to be one of the most lost companies in the three major flights.
We expect the international route to be liberalized in a step-by-step manner, but to be fully restored to at least 2023, and even more uncertain, we maintain the "neutral" rating of the company.
China Air (601111): Business losses have increased, and this year's challenges remain daunting.
East Hing Securities Corporation, China National Air (601111): Business losses have increased, and challenges remain serious this year.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of investment research experience, was employed in 2015-2018 in the Open Securities Development Division’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.