The primary product of the technology, which is the copper sheet, is the primary raw material of the downstream pcb panel manufacturer, and the product of the pcb industry in China increased from US$ 15.37 billion in 2008 to 2016.
27,123 million United States dollars, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.65 per cent, far exceeding the global overall growth rate of 1.47 per cent, and market institutions predicting a global growth in pcb output as the process of electronicization deepens and technological upgrades, such as pre-commercialization of 5g, digitization of automobiles, promotion of smart homes, etc.
At 2-5 per cent, China ' s pcb output is expected to increase at a higher rate than the global rate and is expected to remain at Dongjong City State Hiro Investment Limited, China mainland as the world ' s largest copper-plate producer, China Mainland 2012
Production accounted for 67.11% of the world ' s production, which has risen to 70.90% in 2016, and is expected to continue in the future. The price increases for raw materials from the upper side of the copper plate, e-copper, bobble sheeting, and resin have increased the price of the cappuccino in 2016, while we also note that in mainland China in 2016, the price increases have increased.
The region ' s overall capacity utilization of the coating has reached 61 per cent, a marked increase compared to previous years, which is no longer explained by the increase in the unit price of the sheet alone, and we believe that the whole of the future coating line is due to the fact that the increase in demand for pcb has been passed on to the upstream coating industry.
Industry is expected to move beyond the cycle of relative balance between supply and demand to a new stage of growth.3 Through a browsing of the newly listed pcb offer, we find that a large number of the current pcb companies are downstream clients of technology, and some of them are already in technology.
The top five clients, as these pcb companies increase their new production capacity when they are listed, will also increase the volume of copper-plate purchases for the technology of profit, while the technology of profit increases demand and supply through the issuance of fungible capital to build new capacity.
Chang Fei, Chandler Winner, 18 Ang Maeshan Road, Heung Fu City, Anhui Province, China
Founded in 1985 and successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1998, IFC is the country's first company in the copper-plate industry, with two major production bases in the New Technologies Industry Development Area and the Mangang River in Matsuyama Lake, based on strategic development needs.
The company’s production grew from 600,000 m2 of annual production at the start of the plant to 73 million m2 in 2016, with technology generating $8.5 billion in operating income and 11% of the global market according to the statistics and rankings of Prismark for 2016.
The share became the second largest professional copper plate producer in the world. Table 1: Major events in the development of the company 1985: Establishment of the company (for the benefit of the copper plate company, Ltd.).
1993: Corporate equity mobilization followed by the introduction of a share system structure, with the company renamed the “Cronte Co. Ltd.”, 1996: the company was selected as the “most important producer in China”, the largest copper plate production plant in mainland China from 1949 to 1995: company shares were issued on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and listed in October
In 2000, the company was renamed Guangdong Science and Technology Co. Ltd. and in 2000, the company marched to the north-west to establish a joint venture with the Xianxiyang plant, the name of which was Xianxi Science and Technology Co. Ltd., with products dominated by composite base materials.