IT hardware and equipment. Technology for profit: 5g with high frequency ccl. HF ccl is an indispensable electronic base in the 5g era.
At the regional level, the level of solar and United States capital technology is ahead of (about 3-5 years gap) and land-based companies: at the firm end, the global market for ptfe class ccl in 2013 was about 44% in the city of Rogers, and cr 3 = 77%. As industry standards are perfected and established, and technology is widely available, the level of competition in the market will be driven by competition.
A step up, and companies that hold downstream resources, technology, capital, and so on, will continue to increase their market share and enhance their industrial voice. Downstream demand: 5g and car-mounted millimetre wave radar provide about $30 billion in incremental space.
The diffusion of the fifth generation of communication technologies requires the installation of corresponding macro and small base stations. During the import period, the global 5g macro station has a high-frequency high-speed ccl market space of about 1.7 billion yuan; the promotion period is about 6.9 billion yuan; the lower limit of the outbreak period is about 10.3 billion yuan, with a ceiling of about 17.1 billion yuan.
Small base stations with total equity/flow (million shares) capacity will also provide incremental space for high-frequency high-speed ccl in the order of $7 billion to $10 billion. In addition, total market value/flow (millions)
With the increased penetration of adas, the volume of millimetre-wave radars is increasing, with high frequency carrying antennas up to 12 months/minimum pcb and single microwave integrated circuit mic requiring high frequency base materials, bringing new increases to the market.
This year, the high-frequency high-speed ccl project has produced a science and technology report for 2017, which is a national product.
The advantage of the project is that the company can be fully exploited with its customer resources, with a clear advantage over foreign companies in terms of production, services, prices, and delivery.
Energy-for-technology (600183) Pacific Securities-Property Terminal Substitution Demand is strong.
Quarterly review: q3 high growth: laying a solid foundation for year-round performance - 2017/10/31
5g The HFccl industry background (i) the industrial chain is used to interpret the upstream raw materials in the HF communications industry chain, high-frequency copper sheets, etc., mainly bronze, electronic fabric, special trees.
Other materials such as lipid, ceramics, which are produced by downstream pcb manufacturers for high-frequency circuit boards applicable to high-frequency environments and used in equipment components such as base station antennas, power amplifiers, etc., and are eventually widely used in communications base stations (astronomy, power amplifiers, low noise amplifiers, filters, etc.), space technology, satellite communications, satellite television, military radar, electronic countermeasures, global positioning, etc.
High-frequency communications such as systems, microwave components, and microwave modules. Globally known suppliers of high-frequency ccl now include the three major powers of the United States, Rogers, Taconic, Isola, Japanese electricians, Chinese technology, etc.
In-house capital pcb companies with greater power in the area of high frequency pcb include deep south circuits, Xinyang Electronics, Xinjiang Technology,  In the area of downstream base stations, Hong Kong stock listing companies, Kyoshin Communications (2343.hk), Kamp, United States of America, and Catherine, Germany, account for a higher share of the three combined market shares of 40.59 per cent in 2014, China ' s share of the market is 13.59 per cent, and Tonwoo News (002792.sz) is also in place.
The top ten. It can be seen that Chinese companies have a stronger voice in the base-station antenna area, and for upstream ccl suppliers, the space for domestic production packages is huge.
(ii) High frequency ccl production process and cost composition. During production of the ptfe ccl, ptfe emulsions and accessories are pumped into the automatic supermixed glue system according to a certain match, blended smoothing (closing of the container during the mixing process) will be put in place, and the configured ptfe emulsion will be pumped into the immersion tank of the glue system, followed by glass.
Fibre sheeting is dryed and made in a baptism with glue in the upper leaching system and then in the same way as the upper emulsion system. The sticker and ptfe material are collected by the ATM, and then split into sizes according to production needs, and then folded into a prefixed production line and passed on to the bronze.
Move line combinations, put together in a vacuum press, automatically disassemble the finished high-frequency copper sheet from the plate, trim the high-frequency copper sheet into the automatic cutter system at the required size, and finally test the high-frequency copper sheet, and then package it into the vault.
Based on the structure of HFccl, the outer layer is the conductor ' s copper platinum, the fibreglass fabric acts as an enhancement material, the polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe) is a functional filling material, there are other types of special resin filling to enhance the performance of the plate, in addition to ptfe, and functional filling material obtained from traditional resins through modifications.
Based on the structure of HFccl, the outer layer is the conductor ' s copper platinum, the fibreglass fabric acts as an enhancement material, the polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe) is a functional filling material, there are other types of special resin filling to enhance the performance of the plate, in addition to ptfe, and functional filling material obtained from traditional resins through modifications.
In terms of cost composition, copper cliques account for approximately 35.49 per cent, electronic fabrics for about 13.75 per cent, ptfe emulsions for about 10.49 per cent, ptfe materials for about 26.63 per cent and other raw materials for about 13.63 per cent. (iii) HFccl: an indispensable electronic base in the 5g era
Physically, the wavelengths of 0.1 mm to 1 m are called microwaves, which can be divided into sub-mm waves, mm waves, centimetre waves, and spectrometer waves.
The higher requirements for volume and speed of transmission require better performance of pcb matrix and more rapid transmission of higher frequency signal ccl. Normally, traditional epoxy glass fabric (fr-4) medium constant 4.6, medium loss above 0.01; 4g technology
For pcb, the medium constant is below 4.0 and the medium loss is reduced to below 0.003 and 5g is higher. Pcb HF has two ways of increasing the pcb process and using high frequency ccl. It increases the process including: high-density layout lines, fine guidance lines and spacing, small apertures, thin shapes, and conductivity, insulation, high reliability treatment: shorter messages
But this way of improving the process is slow, costly, difficult to achieve, while the high frequency base is divided into five levels, the lower the medium constant dk and the loss factor df, the antenna is the response to the high grade base.
1. The thickness of the media layer h requires less than 3 of the transfer wavelength: e.g. 77ghz ' car mm wave radar with a ccl thickness of about 48 μm.
Media layer homogeneity: The even mix of media layer structures helps to reduce the loss of signal transmission, the balance of resins and inorganic fillings in composites, the uneven presentation of the fabric, and generally the need for crushing treatment.
4. Electrochemical performance: A low loss factor helps to reduce signal wear and tear, and a low inflation factor 5. Copper platinum: as the thickness of the medium layer is reduced, only the thickness of copper platinum is reduced to hold back resistance; the roughness of copper platinum is reduced and the loss of the signal is smaller (skin effect).
Figure 9: HFccl’s five major technical indicators conclude that the path of ccl HF is: a thin layer of media and a thin layer of copper. According to recent surveys in Taiwan’s pcb industry, the cost of printing circuit boards in electronics (or communication products) containing high-speed high-frequency properties accounts for the entire group.
8-12% of the cost of the electronic components, and the share of the manufacturing cost of pcb in existing products is even more than 12%.In terms of actual products from major manufacturers, there are about six species of high frequency ccl in the current market - ptfe: polytetrafluoroethylene resin
bt: trihydrazine resin dimalamide e: thermal solid cyanide resin ppe: thermal solid polyether resin
Figure 11: Production of various high-speed high-frequency base plate materials in the world, varieties and intermediate properties
These different types of base properties vary, with ptfe and cce-based materials more prominent in terms of intermediate power properties and signal transmission speed; bt, pe, pe, for metal ion transport; p, bt, p, bt, for heat resistance (high tg); ptfe and pe, for humidity; and ptfe and pe, for processability, cost, p, and modifiers.
High frequency ccl can be divided into five levels, from std to ultralow. Normal conventional circuit base materials are usually epoxy resins: medium-depletion, high-speed circuit base materials are typically special resins, modified epoxy special resins; microwave, millimetre wave areas apply high-frequency pulverized base materials such as ptfe, hydrocarbon resins and pe resins, which can be used with a loss factor as low as 0.002 and transfer loss.
10db - 16db, transmission data at a rate as high as 56gbps. Chart 14: ccl Levels of application, base resin categories and performance parameters.
(i) High-frequency ccl sector competition patterns - region-level, market with a “vl-l” rating for more than one company's products, and “ul-l” level market products are mostly still in the “big production test” or “customer assessment” (as in Taiwan Tu-933). The high-speed ccl product level and brand visibility of the company is higher than that of our domestic firm.
Its ccl products are rapidly increasing in the “mid-l” and “l-l-l” markets, and its former monopolistic and United States firms are salaried ccl (primarily electricians, solar converters, Lichang industries, etc.), United States-owned ccl (primarily roders, Arlon, Isola) new high-speed base material products that have been launched in the last two to three years, mainly targeting high-end sub-markets (vl, ul-l).
The level is still well ahead of the above-mentioned ccl firms (about 3-5 years apart) and the technology-for-profit companies, which now have similar products. Among the communications and network equipment firms, both domestic and foreign, he still favors the products of Japan’s former high frequency ccl producers, who are still in the process of being selected for very low-deficit (very low-lost) and ultra-low-deficit (ultralowlos) base-line materials.
They also introduced new varieties of high-frequency, low-transmission losses, such as the Meg7 under pine, the mcl-lw910g under the sun, r04350 from rogers, tc350 from arlon, terragreen from isola, etc.) In our country, Shanghai South Asia, Huazheng New Materials Corporation, the Ultrasonic Electronics Co. Ltd., etc., as well as the bronze plate factory.
High-speed building blocks of foreign capital companies such as Caste Corporation and Sihonin Corporation, whose products are only ml-l, vl-l (e.g. NY6200, etc.) are just emerging (and in some cases under evaluation). Technology for profit HFccl products are rising rapidly. The ability to supply “vl-l” and “ul-l”-level markets is available.
The special 1.5 million m2 annual HF version project will be completed by the end of 2018. Chart 15: Competition patterns at the end of the high-speed ccl area
The company’s high-speed ccl product level and brand visibility are higher than our own. Its ccl product is rapidly rising in the “mid-l” and “l-l” markets, posing a major threat to former monopolistic capital and US firms.
In the last two or three years, the U.S.-owned ccl companies (mainly power workers, solar power generation, Lichang industry, etc.), and the US-owned ccl companies (mainly rogers, arlon, isola) have introduced new high-speed base material products, mainly targeting high-end sub-markets (vl-l, ul-l-l). The technology level is still well ahead of the above-mentioned ccl firms (about three to five years of difference) and the same type of products available in technology-generating companies.
In both domestic and foreign communications and network equipment enterprises, the use of base-plating materials for very low-depletion levels (verylowlos), ultra low-depletion levels (ultralowlos) is still popular with Japanese and United States-owned high-frequency high-speed ccl manufacturers. In recent years, they have introduced new high-frequency high-speed, low-transmission losses, such as metg7, solarized mcl-lw910g, ro4350 by Rogers, tc350 by Arlon, Isola
The products of Shanghai South Asia, Huazheng New Materials Co., Ultrasound Electronics Co. Ltd., etc., as well as high-speed base-building enterprises of foreign firms, such as Cricket and Non-Sihonren, are only ml-l, vl-l (e.g., NY6200, etc.) that have just come to life in our country.
• The high-speed high-speed ccl product of technology for profit is rising rapidly. There is already the capacity to market the “vl-l” and “ul-l” levels of supply. The special high-frequency high-speed version of the project, with 1.5 million m2 per year of construction, will be completed by the end of 2018.
(ii) Competition patterns in the high frequency ccl sector — company end, 2013: annual sales of global ptfe class ccl lead rogers were about $153 million, or about 44 per cent; sales of park/nelcoptfe class ccl were about $78 million, or about 22 per cent; sales of isola were about $32 million, or about 9 per cent.
Higher, cr3 = 77%. We believe that as the standards of the high-frequency ccl industry have been refined and established in recent years, and relevant technologies have become widely available, market competition has been increasing, and producers of downstream, technological, capital and other resources such as technology for profit will continue to increase market share and enhance the voice of the industry.
The United States is the leading region in global research and development of high-frequency base materials, with the lead Rogers, Taconley, etc., among others. Rogers: Product aspects, including high-frequency ccl, semi-stabilized tablets and high-performance mediums, representing products including r04533 (carbon)
\triangleright Hydrogen Class, r04350 (hydrocarbon Class), r03730 (ptfe+ ceramics). ptfe resin ccl product developed in conjunction with hydrocarbon resin ccl product.
In terms of performance, ccl collected $270 million in fiscal year 2016, operating profits of $44 million and operating profits of about 16%. There are joint ventures (50% of shares) in Suzhou, China.
On the downstream market, adas car radars account for the bulk of revenue growth (23%). They account for more than 50% of the microwave/radio frequency base material market in China.
\triangleright series is the leader of the base antenna with pcb base material.
Founded in 1961, it was one of the leading companies in the (ptfe) polytetrafluoroethylene product industry. It is the producer of the world’s most productive ptfe coatings. The sales of microwave/rf base materials from the company to the mainland account for about 30% of the total sales of such products to the company as a whole.
In product varieties, the main ones are tly (ptfe+ bobbles). The types used in the antenna area are tly-5, \triangleright tlx-0.9,8,7,6 (ptfe+ bobbles), rf-30 (ptfe+fill+ bobbles).
In terms of market share, the global market for microwave/rf-based materials accounts for about 10%. The global market for ptfe-plus fibre-based materials accounts for 20-25%. The global market for antenna panels accounts for more than 50%.
In the market, there are more than a decade of high-frequency base material research and development. In the global market for base material for high-frequency head products, over 50% of the total is available.
The markets of Taiwan and the United States are larger. The market is smaller on mainland China. For products, microwave/rf is fr408 series. Non-ptfe resins are divided into 2.80, 3.00, 3.20, 3.33, 3.38 (equivalent to r40003 of Rogers), 3.45 (equivalent to dk.)
rogers r4350. Better processing performance than ptfe resins, especially multi-layer microwave/rf base plates. High value, for antennas, radars. And the company's ultra-low-depletion mt77 presses are used exclusively for 77ghz radars, which is currently the best price and performance on the market.
Polytetrafluoroethylene alternative material, the mt40 layer pressure plate is a high figure for 24-77+ghz radar and radio frequency/microwave applications. Chart 17: The profile of major high-frequency ccl manufacturers in the United States has also grown rapidly in recent years outside the United States.
In terms of products, the third generation of high-frequency base materials was completed by 2015, reaching the level of vl-l. In 2013, the sales of rigid non-halogen base materials were the highest in the world, and the levels of environmentally sound high-speed materials were better equipped, e.
In terms of performance, the ccl camp received approximately $4.8 billion in 2016, with the target of high-level products (high tg, non-halogenated, halogenated, halogenated) in 2017.
In terms of products, the technical team was released from the Taiwan Institute of Technology, started with pe resin, and launched HF in 2015
Superlowlos (sublowlos) base plate material - thunderclad3 (tu933) for hydrocarbon resins. In 2016, ccl received about US$ 200-250 million in performance with regard to intermediate properties (@10ghz:dk3.4; df0.00025), processability, reliability, etc.
Deep-farming networks, communication equipment ccl, which adheres to the monopolistic path of variety performance, focussing on the development and improvement of the pe (polyzen ether) resin formulations, ensuring continuity of technology, making changes and controls extreme. “Megtron” series of copper plates are located in high-end high-speed high-frequency (HF) base material markets.
Computer mainframe, new ibmz14 design for high-capacity operations for large data and cloud-linking. CE: For products, three series of dozens: the zyf-d series (ptfe resin + fabric structure, this system)
\triangleright column includes low-cost zyf-da-type products; zyf-ca series (ptfe resin + ceramic + bovine fabric structure); and cyc series (hydrogen resin + ceramic + bovine fabric structure), based on corporate HF/Radio frequency in 2014
In terms of sales, the approximate shares of the three main series are 60% for the zyf-d series, 30% for the zyf-ca series, and 10% for the cyc series. Ten% of the company ' s microwave/radio frequency base material products are exported overseas.
Wangling, Taizhou: one of the country's earlier enterprises engaged in microwave circuit board development and production, the dominant products are polyfluoroethylene glass coated copper sheeting, ceramic fillers of tetrafluoroethylene glass covered copper sheeting series, microwave
A complex media matrix series, microwave multilayers, etc. with capacity to produce 1,800 tons of coated copper per year and 5,000 square metres of microwave composite matrix produced in a wide range of applications in space, aviation, satellite communications, navigation, radar, electronic confrontation, 3g communications, etc.
Figure 18: Overview of major HFccl manufacturers outside the United States, in areas such as the Beidou satellite system, especially in the field of domestic space, aviation, etc.
The pattern of competition in the industry is not fully stable, and the growth of downstream demand is both explosive and uncertain as to which technological routes, and which manufacturer’s product will eventually become a 5-g-era boom, so we believe that the future pattern of industry will be reshaped. The monopoly of technology will no longer be a core variable, and productivity, customer resources, and the level of business management will become a core competition.
The major global HFccl manufacturer's major product brands, corresponding performance indicators, materials used, and market-based technology of interest, such as the graphs, have reached the commercial best ul-l in class, belonging to the world's first echelon, and the volume project will be operational by q3 in 2018, and it is hoped that in the current context of the global HFccl industry at a time when it is in the night before the downstream eruption and the pattern of competition is changing dramatically
(iii) HFccl's industry attributes and barriers to competition
Qualitative review is more rigorous and complex. 24 months for first certification and 6-12 months for new product certification. Client certification tests include: enterprise management levels, electrical performance indicators, process performance indicators, reliability performance indicators, production capacity, supply response speed, which are mutually reinforcing and mutually influence permeating, usually with larger sales and indicators.
The better you get, the better you don't have a leader on every side, but a winner eats it all. The usual tools that clients do when they visit are documents such as engineering & budgets, on-site reviews, on-site surveys, sample tests, periodic verification, etc.
Ultimately, together with downstream assessments of upstream supply capacity, the level of qualifications of suppliers is a central customer concern, particularly in the case of customers such as communications, cars, whose prices are low, suppliers can easily guarantee the sale price of their products and future orders are stable and predictable, but often require suppliers to have the corresponding capabilities.
The industry’s product and sales attributes determine the industry’s competitive barriers. The customer’s product’s specification of the characteristics of the required high frequency ccl is a regulatory requirement for its raw materials to be purchased, and the addition of product design paper, which requires prior certification, thus creating stickyness.
The HFccl industry therefore has high customer certification barriers. HFccl downstream demand analysis
(i) Two major core drivers: 5g and car-mounted millimetre wave radar 5g, with the use of electronic bases with higher frequency and speed of transmission in the fields of base station antennas, power, radio frequency, etc. In the case of vehicle-mounted millimetre wave radar, the antenna HFpcb and mic are one of the core production difficulties, and will be subject to adas penetration rates in the future
Figure 24: 5g demand for HFccl. According to third-party prismmark statistics, the total output of special species ccl increased from $1,375 million in 2011-2016
To $1.969 billion, cagr = 7.45%, and ptfeccl accounts for about 20% of the world ' s special resin ccl market; ptfeccl accounts for about 60% of the world ' s high frequency ccl output. Assuming that the growth rate in 2017-2019 is the same as in 2016, the HF ccl market will have a three-fold gain of (ii) 5g by 2019: a two-volume price.
The use of millimetre waves is intended to increase the rate by increasing the bandwidth of the spectrum, but the greatest disadvantage of the millimetre wave is that it is less permeable and decaying, thus improving the performance of communications materials. High-frequency communication materials in high-frequency segments can control the depletion of medium-to-low-frequency transmissions. Maintaining the steady quality of the medium-to-medium-frequency constant is an important basis for effective implementation.
Material, with a significant increase in the demand for higher-value HF communications materials.
HF communications materials in high-frequency segments will accelerate the phase-out of normal medium- and low-frequency connections and increase the speed of spectrum bandwidth.
That's enough to control the power loss, but the biggest disadvantage of the millimetre wave is to wear it and to keep it stable.
It's good, it's effective.
The first volume refers to the large use of small base stations, and the demand for high-frequency communications materials will increase significantly.
A smaller base station will be used to cover terminal communications that cannot be reached by a large base station. The current typical 5g candidate frequency is a high frequency band of more than 6 ghz, with a single base station having a reduced radius of 20 m-50 m, compared to the size of 2.5 million stations in the 4g era and the size of 5g stations or more.
The number of base stations is less than 3 million, and by 2020 there will be 8.7 million, leading to a market for high-frequency communications materials for the antenna. Figure 28: millimetre wave communications requires the construction of many small base stations. Figure 29: 5g base station deployment architecture
The current typical 5g candidate frequency is 6ghz arrearch research data, which shows that the number of people in the region who are in the process of becoming infected with the virus is very high.
It's a decomposition, and 5g will make these high-frequency bands, single-base stations cover less than the number of small stations around the world today.
The radius will be reduced to 20 m-50 m, compared to 8.7 million small base stations, which will lead to the performance of the base station.
The size of 2.5 million base stations in the 4g era, with no access to large base stations, the market for high-frequency communications materials is fast.
The second massivemimo technology will significantly increase the amount of high-frequency copper in individual stations.
In terms of the structure of the base station, the mobile base antenna has gone through the development phase of integrated macrostation antennas, cellular processing units and radio frequency laminates, mimo antennas, active antennas, massivemimo, etc. Massivemimo technology allows large-scale antenna arrays to be formed using a large number of antennas so that the base station can be distributed to more users at the same time.
Sends and receives signals, thereby increasing the capacity of the mobile network dozens or more. There are only a dozen antennas in the existing 4g base station, but the 5g base station can support hundreds of antennas.
Based on the structure of the base station, the mobile base station massimimo technology can use large-scale antennas to form large-scale antenna arrays.
The antennas go through the integrated macrostation antennas, only a dozen antennas, so that the base stations can be sent to more users at the same time.
But the 5g base station can send and receive signals that will move the network.
The distance, mimo antenna, the source antenna, the capacity to support hundreds of antennas is raised dozens or more times.
According to the analysis of the Chinese and British companies to be listed, the size of China ' s base-station antenna market in 2017 was approximately 7.2 billion yuan, which could rise to 13.8 billion yuan by 2019, with capr = 38 per cent.
Figure 32: Size of China's base-station antenna market (millions of yuan)
In the 4g era, the macro-based stations could be divided into antennas, radio-frequency units, rru, and a strap treatment list deployed in the air room. In the 5g age, the macro-based stations could be divided into aau+cu+du, and the antenna and radio-frequency units would be combined by rru, which would become aau (activeantnnaunit, active antenna unit), aau would also contain some physical layer processing in addition to the rru radio frequency function.
Aau, which uses large array antenna technology, has significantly increased the cost of 5g base stations, with commercial 3d-mimo4g base stations selling at an average price of about $8 million to $100,000 per sector, 5g base station single sector at a price of $160,000 per sector, and 5g at an early stage, three base stations supporting Massivemimo, with single-stop prices likely to reach 500,000 yuan, with a doubling of the value represented by new configuration applications such as high frequency ccl.
According to the above estimates of construction and construction progress at the 5g base station, we can measure the market size of the corresponding high-frequency ccl.
According to statistics, China accounted for about 65% of the world’s 4g base stations in 2016, assuming that China’s 5g base stations accounted for 70% of the world’s total. According to industry studies, the 5g macro base station aau part of high frequency ccl used 1.74 m2 and bbu and other parts of 0.66 m2.
On the basis of the above estimates, we believe that, during the import period, the global 5g macro station uses high frequency ccl market space of approximately 1.7 billion yuan; the extension period is about 6.9 billion yuan; and the lower limit for the outbreak period is about 10.3 billion yuan, with a ceiling of about 17.1 billion yuan.
Another major change in communications technology in the fifth generation is the intensive use of small base stations. In order to increase the rate and volume of data transmission, 5g uses millimetre waves for signal transmission, but millimetre waves are less permeable and vulnerable, so small base stations with wavelengths and antennas are needed to address the problem of covering blind areas and improve the carrying capacity of priority areas.
Here, we have to divide the base stations into: family level, taking into account the number of households, penetration rate, and enterprise level, taking into account the size of the building area of the enterprise, the ability to cover.
According to data from the China Financial Investigation and Research Centre of the Southwest Financial and Economic University, there are approximately 216.6 million homes in China’s towns, with a penetration rate of 20-40% at the base station level of approximately 4.392–8784 million, with a median population of 65.88 million. In 2016, China accounted for 18.90% of the world’s population.
There are currently 60 billion square metres of buildings in the country, of which 56.3 billion square metres of residential space, minus 3.7 billion square metres of building space, can be considered as enterprise-level land. According to Chinese data, the size of the enterprise-level base station is approximately 1256 square metres, and the demand for the enterprise-level base station market is estimated at 2.94 million. China ' s land area is 6.4 per cent of the world ' s total.
(iii) A massive increase in vehicle-mounted millimetre-wave radars, driving high-frequency ccl requirements adas and future full autopilots require the use of multiple sensors: laser radar, millimetre-wave radar, ultrasound radar, camera head, etc. These sensors are considered to include short range accuracy, long-range range accuracy, angle measurement performance, or not.
Direct speed information, rain-day adaptiveness, fog- and snow-day adaptiveness, dust on the sensor surface, sensor appearance, current cost, etc., where laser radar is defective by the lack of direct access to speed information, current high costs, poor rain- and fog-day performance, sensor need to be exposed and dust is present on the sensor surface: ultrasound radar cannot be measured long distances, angle measures precision.
Low degrees, need for exterior installation; low range accuracy of cameras, lack of access to direct speed information, high weather impacts, need for exterior installation, and dust effects. Overall, millimetre wave radar is the only sensor that can be built-in without weather disturbance (immediate and unsafe), yes
The millimetre wave radar takes three forms: long distance (lrr), medium distance (mrr), short distance (srr). lrr range can be up to 300 metres, range can be up to centimetre level, frequency 77ghz, beam width is narrow (the narrower angle resolution is wider).
High); mrr range can range up to 100 m, range up to centimetre level, frequency 79ghz (the area of Japan assigns a special frequency to car radar), beam width is slightly larger; srr range is about 30 m, range is 0.6 m, frequency 24ghz, beam width is slightly larger. We believe that short-range mm wave radar function overlaps with cameras, but weaknesses such as angle recognition capability are difficult to overcome and future shipments are made.
Quantities are likely to decline gradually, with 77 ghz and 79 ghz mm wave radars becoming mainstream. Car-mounted millimetre-wave radars are launched outward through antennas, receiving target reflective signals, and being processed in the rear quickly and accurately obtaining information on the physical environment around the vehicle (e.g. relative distance between the vehicle and other objects, relative velocity, angle, motion)
millimetre-wave radars consist mainly of antennas, high-frequency circuits, and signal processing components. The current mainstream microband array antennas are weldable on high-frequency pcb panels, and radio frequency, processing, power, etc. are integrated on a front end single microwave integration circuit (mic), including multiple functional circuits: low-noise amplifiers (lna), power amplifiers, mixers, and even transceiving systems.
MM-Rammic is currently produced by European and American manufacturers such as British Flyer, the Illustrative Semiconductor, and Feiscal. Domestic Gatlanwe electrons have also broken through the monolithic integrated circuit technology of the cnos process, but have not yet been used on a large scale.
In 2014, the global market for car-mm-wave anti-accident radars was 19 million, and it is expected that by 2020 the global vehicle-mounted to 72 million millimetres, with an annual compound increase of about 25 per cent over the next five years.The area of high frequency ccl per vehicle-mounted millimetre-wave radar would be about 0.005 m2, assuming an efficient utilization rate of 80 per cent of the ccl base material at a unit price.
In sum, we believe that 5g and vehicle-mounted millimetre wave radar provide an incremental space of about $30 billion or more. The diffusion of the fifth generation of communication technologies requires matching macro and small base stations, which, during the import period, are estimated to be 1.7 billion yuan in high-frequency ccl market space at 5g macrostations around the world;
The extension period is about $6.9 billion; the lower limit for the outbreak period is about $10.3 billion, with a ceiling of about $17.1 billion. A small base station for filling the macro station with blindness and increasing capacity will also provide about $7 billion to $10 billion in incremental space for high-frequency high-speed ccl. Moreover, as the adas penetration rises, millimeters reach rising volumes, with high frequency pcb on the antenna and single microwave integration path Mic all need to be used for high-frequency base materials for the market.
This HFccl project is being implemented in Jiangsunanton, with an annual production capacity of about 700,000 m2 in the first phase and is expected to start production in q3 in 2018: 800,000 m2 in the second phase. Product types include ptfe class ccl and hydrocarbon class ccl.
Based on global leader rogers' business data and our industry research, we expect that the average price of HFccl will be about $800 per square metre per year, with an increase of about $1.2 billion per year. Considering the benefits will have a significant advantage for the foreign industry in terms of management efficiency, the net interest rate was almost equal to that in the case of the structure of the product over Rogersson. We estimate that HFccl products will have a net profit margin.
1. Existing products have a common client base and marketing synergies with the products to be developed under this project. HFpcb products are provided by clients such as five technologies, power shares, etc., which were previously purchased by their downstream terminals.
Five technologies: a long-term stable partnership with prominent firms such as Hua, Del, Naking, and Fire. Companies have increased their sales by more than 30% each year over the last five years, exceeding RMB 2 billion in 2014.
The final product is for base stations (4g, 5g, wimax,lte), antennas, filters Fig. 50: five technology high frequency pcb products
Figure 51: High-frequency pcb products with electricity shares 2. Years ago, self-owned intellectual property accumulated advantages.
The two companies together developed a variety of high frequency/radio frequency (HF) base materials for production of fluorinated products in Japan, including gf20, gf265, gf300 from the profit technology company Lake Matsuyama, starting in the second half of 2013.
In addition, biotech has developed a variety of products on hydrocarbon resins, including s7136, s7133, s7438, etc., downstream applications include active radio frequency products such as wireless communication base (pa), low noise amplifiers (lna), and passive radio frequency products such as lf sub-system devices. Companies have been developing hydrocarbon resins autonomously since 10 years ago, and currently produce products comparable to r04350b in Rogers.
China’s pcb production companies are based mainly in the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze Delta, and are based in Guangdong, Shaanxi, Jiangsu and Jiangxi (forthcoming), which can cover all parts of China’s mainland, far from irradiated Japan and Asia-Pacific region.
The company has established a dedicated customer service to respond quickly to problems encountered in the use of its products and to assist clients in solving technical problems based on the accumulated experience of after-sales services over the years.
According to our industry research, the average price of high-frequency ccl for technology is roughly 60-70% of the rogers. 4. Domestic production demand for downstream industrial chains, for example, is based on antennas, with China’s antenna terminals occupying five of the world’s Top10 seats, and the number of antennas originating around 50% of the world’s total.
China’s domestic antenna market accounts for half of the world’s population. A significant proportion of its home-sourced pcb clients enter this segment, with the Chinese industry chain being the key industrial chain in which productive technology can rely on and break through.
The demand for domestic substitution and downstream emerging sub-sectors is a central driver of growth: the global pcb industrial chain is shifting to China, and the need for copper-board domestic production is highlighted; and, according to our calculations, automobile electronics, telecommunications bases, cloud computing data centres, consumer electronics, etc.
A segmented market would provide more than $5 billion in incremental market space for the copper-plate industry. Technology-for-profit markets would have much room for growth: companies now account for about 12% of the total, and the second largest market (the first is about 14%).
On the assumption that, among other things, productive technology will benefit from an overall increase in industrial concentration; and secondly, considering the competitive advantage of productive technology among medium- and high-end producers, we believe that the company’s share in the upper- and middle-end markets will increase further. Energy utilization: product supply should not continue to be needed, with capacity utilization continuing at 95%.
Rate of sales: The company ' s sales rate of 102 per cent in 2016, assuming that this is maintained. Prices: the coatings are sold in conjunction with semi-solidated tablets, with approximately 1.5-1.8 metres of semi-stabilized tablets per plate. 34.767 million m2 of the ih2017 sale of the various coatings, with revenue of $3.990 billion, have been calculated for each square metre of copper.
The sale price of the plate and semi-stabilized tablets is $114.79, taking into account the stringent supply of upstream raw materials, the need for sub-sectors such as downstream automobiles to meet expectations, the rising ratio of higher value added products to companies, and the projected gradual increase in the price of the 2017 - 2019e copper sheet (the rate of technological increases is conservative among similar manufacturers).
Māori: As the expansion of the company’s capacity increases, the city’s share increases, the share of high-value-added products increases, production utilization remains high, good rates rises, and the company’s Māori ratio rises. Print circuit board operations: E-products will reach 108 million m3/year in 2018, an increase of about 40% in the same year.
(ii) Valuation and investment proposals
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.