The company published its semi-annual report of 2019: $3.12 billion in revenue in the first half of 2019, a year-on-year increase.
26.72 per cent; achieving a net return of about 478 million yuan, an increase of 143.40 per cent over the same period, with a high annual performance and a sustained increase in the Māori rate. The high growth in corporate revenue and net profits in the first half of the year was mainly due to growth in revenues from the corporate communications market and office industry equipment boards, as well as Māori.
In the first half of the year, the company’s telecommunications board achieved a revenue of $2.1009 billion, an increase of 31.85 per cent in the same year, and the office equipment board amounted to $195 million, an increase of 35.92 per cent in the same year. In the first half of the year, the company pcb was 30.34 per cent, an increase of 8.05 percentage points in the same year.
The business communications market rate of 36.58%, an increase of 9.74 percentage points in the same year; office equipment, a significant improvement in the operation of the Yellowstone plant, and construction of the 2nd plant are progressing well. In the first half of the year, the overall performance of the Yellow Shil-shik business improved considerably, resulting in an operating income of $378 million, or a 31.01% increase in the same year, resulting in a net increase of 31.01%.
The profits were approximately $24.635 million, compared with a net loss of $12.769 million during the same period last year. The construction of the Yellowstone II plant is currently progressing, with trial production expected to start in September 2019, and the post-partum delivery will prepare for the needs of the car electronics market when growth resumes.
5g Networking pulls demand from pcb to boost corporate performance. In the application of 5g, companies have increased their R & D and technology adaptation investments, integrated production and management resources from the Green Shirts and Yellowstone I plants, and targeted modest expansion of production capacity to upgrade high-end product production capacity for the 5g network.
Six months ago, the company’s 5g product was delivered in bulk to the world’s leading suppliers of communications equipment, but since the construction of the 5g is still in its initial stages, the share of the company’s 5g product was still low during the reporting period. As the 5g network progresses, it is expected that the company’s 5g product collection will increase significantly.
Considering the robust growth in demand for pcb in areas such as data centres, the 5g-scale network provides greater space for demand, the 5g network is not as fast as expected, and the motor panels are not growing as expected.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. Wang Da-ting.