The company performed well in the second quarter, and the output structure of the communications business was better than expected.
The growth in corporate communications plate revenue exceeded market expectations, but the Māori rate was the most significant increase in performance, a growth of 72.53 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 1.17 percentage points over the 71.36 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return of $316 million over the second quarter, an increase of 15.02 per cent over the second quarter of the company as a whole.
The growth in revenue from industry is far faster than expected, and we judge that the growth in revenue from automobiles and industrial controls was limited, with two plates accounting for about 27 per cent of total income in 2018, so we expect that the growth in revenue from communications plates will be higher than the overall increase in income.
In the first half of 2019, the company’s 5g product was delivered in bulk to major global communications equipment manufacturers, despite public suncan@cczq.com’s higher than expected growth in revenue from digital communications operations.
The Division’s 5g product grew rapidly, but as the construction of 5g remained in its initial stages, the share of the company’s 5g product in revenue collection remained relatively low during the reporting period. The high growth in the second quarter of the year was mainly due to higher than expected growth in revenue from the digital communications business, resulting from a better product structure.
The company has excellent customer relationships and adequate production elasticity, and the 5g capital investment site will give the company a full capacity to build a 5g network, integrate production and management resources from the Green Ping and Yellowstone plants, increase investment in R & D and technological adaptation, and target modest expansion of production capacity to enhance the production capacity of high-end products;
To ensure that the market demand in other areas of communication applications is not affected, production elasticity is significantly increased to ensure that the needs of the 5g clients are met.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, 28 West Side Street, New Energy Motors has achieved comparative advantages, performance elasticity and space availability.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.