q3 Prospective, benefiting 5g capital trends
On 28 August, the company released its 19-year mid-year report: revenues of 3.1 billion yuan, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year: net return to mothers of 480 million yuan, an increase of 143 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of 450 million yuan, an increase of 168 per cent in the same year; net cash flow from operating activities of 560 million yuan, an increase of 145 per cent in the same year.
The \triangleright company, in its performance forecast for the \triangleright report, projected profits of between $440 million and $500 million in the first half of the 1900s, a year-on-year increase.
Ring ratio +6pc. The main reasons for the high performance growth are: (1) continuous improvement in the operation of the Green and Yellowstone plants, and continuous improvement in production capacity and good performance; (2) optimization of the structure of motor and communications boards, higher-end product ratios, and marked improvement in gross and net interest rates; and (3) improvement in management leading to efficiency gains in production and a demonstration of cost-control effectiveness.
The business telecommunications board is high and the revenue and profitability of the company has increased significantly, benefiting from the 5g capital, the increased demand for high-end pcb products from the data centre, which is $2.1 billion, an increase of 36.6 per cent, the Māori rate + 31.9 per cent, and the same ratio +9.7 pct.
Collections are relatively low. Corporate-dominated products are currently 14-38 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium- and high-level motor boards, 10.4 per cent of which control higher demand for products in beneficiary industries, with the office industry equipment plate collection of $200 million, an increase of 36 per cent, and Māori rate of 32.9 per cent and Māori + 10.9 pt.
The car board structure continues to be optimized, Yellowstone II’s capacity is about to emerge, and subsequent growth can be expected, with the high Māori car board share rising and market demand rising in adas, among others. Follow-up on microelectric power will continue to upgrade in terms of productivity, new technology, and Yellowstone II is expected to test production as fast as possible in September of 1919.
Automotive energy reserves are more adequate, benefiting from higher demand for 5g, high-speed servers, network equipment, etc., three-quarterly optimistic performance outlook, carboard-driven growth, yellowstone-deprived performance to the point of turning back.
q3 earned between $321.610 million and $421.611 million, an increase of 72.3 per cent to 125.9 per cent in the same year. The industry pe valuation of the printed circuit boards of the reference sw was 37 times higher, maintaining the company's “recommended” rating. 1; the capacity was not delivered as expected; 2 and the high level of competition on the motor panels led to a significant decline in the Māori rate; 3, 5g progressed.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.