Three business cards are shining and the quality of assets is improving steadily.
Won, yoy+4.1%; parent net profit, 71.81 billion yuan, yoy+12.1%; bad rate, 1.1%, provision, robust profitability, continued high rate of increase. 22q1-q3 battalion, parent net profit, equal rate of increase \triangleright \triangleright
+0.2 pct, where credit costs from improved asset quality are down, net profit is down, net interest income of 22q1-q3 is equal to +1.0 per cent, and the acceleration ring is down 0.3 pct by a small margin; subject to fluctuations in capital markets, the median income is down slightly; but non-interest income continues to increase at a higher rate than the same rate.
+29.2%, with robust growth in support, and a collection structure that confirms the effectiveness of the comptoir + investment strategy, the construction of the “light capital” bank is progressing well. The size of the loan deposits has steadily increased, and credit in priority areas has increased.
\triangleright residual gold to drive a single-season public loan (excluding discounts) of $49.7 billion, or 85 per cent of new loans; same
In the first three quarters, manufacturing loans, green loans, start-up loans, and research assistants continue to rub up three business cards in Bowen, in order to transform them to respond firmly to environmental uncertainty.
\triangleright’s three business cards were even brighter, and as of 22q3, the balance of green finance stood at 1.57 trillion yuan, compared to the year.
The strategy is reflected in the statement, with visible changes in asset quality optimized and real estate risks phased out. 22q3 negative rates of 1.10%, \triangleright, respectively.
Quarterly reports by the Episode Bank (601166.sh) for the year 2022 provide a good basis for profit release. At the same time, real estate risks are steadily addressed.
The increase in the negative rate ring is mainly due to a proactive increase in potential exposures. With three quarters of internal handling of real estate and steady management of property industry risks, asset quality indicators have returned to their early levels.
Investment recommendations: light capital transformation continues to work, real estate risks are addressed and challenges are removed
5. Corporate incident assessment by the Bank of Entertainment (601166): core bone transformation to address environmental uncertainties and create a high-quality development path; real estate risk mitigation of market challenges, figure 2: net interest income up to 22q3 and rate of increase in median income over years (cumulative)
Figure 3: Increase in other non-interest-bearing income by year (cumulative) as at 22q3 Figure 4: Increase in total assets and loans of EBN as at 22q3 Figure 5: Increase in total liabilities and deposits of EBN as at 22q3
Figure 6: Non-performing loan rates as at 22q3 by Employer Banks
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.