17 March 2024: nvidia announced that gtc would be held at the San José Convention Center from 18 to 21 March.
2024 General Assembly. From generation ai, robots to cars, participants in the gtc conference on the line can interact with dozens of state-of-the-art presentations. Wave information still has a significant advantage in the i server field.
\triangleright latest data, company server and storage product market ownership continues to be at the top of the world: 2023 q1, server continues to be China's number one; 2023 q1, storage capacity is ranked at the top three and medium global level
First, in 2022, AI servers were the first in the world for three consecutive years and the first in China for six consecutive years. According to idc, in the third quarter of 2023, the global share of wave information servers reached 10.3%, ranking second. In recent years, the company has been well positioned in the field of servers.
The bulk of h20 is still an important option for large model training. According to the Daily News, the reporter learned from the industry chain that Anveta vs. Wa'ai chip h20 is going to be here today.
After the year’s gtc2024 (18 March-21 March) is completed, the reservation is fully accepted, with the fastest four-week supply available.
It is an important computing base for large model training, and is expected to remain an Internet-based market for customers in 2024, or understate the continuity of wave information in the field of ai servers.
A single-quarter revenue of $23.3 billion, a 30 per cent increase over the same period, is strong enough to reverse the downward trend of the first half of the year. The company's wave information (000977.sz) event review: the release of ai servers has deep sedimentation and, with the advantage of global server taps, has zero servers.
I, 2. Wave Information (00097.sz) 3-quarter 2023 reports suggest that the company is expected to maintain its leading position in the i server chain and maintain its i-server business.
Review: q3 battalion collection increased significantly, with attention to the gpu supply situation Change 2023/11/01 3. Wave Information (00097.sz) semi-annual 2023 reporting point
\triangleright comment: gpu supply stress is short-term pressure and is expected to be sustained
In contrast to the mid-2023 wave information (000977.sz), we believe that the current company is significantly undervalued by maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Comment: The high base and the order confirmation cycle lead to a study of the methodological and analytical logic of q1 performance, and the presentation of this report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.