China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
The company issued its semi-annual performance announcement for 2018, which achieved business income of $12.338 billion during the reporting period, an increase of $6.86 billion, or 5.7 per cent over the same period; realized a net profit of $22.98 billion, a decrease of $1.34 billion, or 5.5 per cent, attributable to the shareholders of listed companies; achieved a basic per share gain of $1.16, a million tons, a decrease of 3.9 per cent over the same period: 225.3 million tons in commercial coal sales, an increase of 2.18 per cent over the same period, of which 79.8 million tons were sold outside coal.
In terms of prices, the combined price of coal increased by 26.7 per cent, or 1.89 per cent over the same period last year; the unit cost of sales was $316/billion, an increase of 6.96 per cent over the same period; and the Māori rate was 28.83 per cent, a decrease of 1.89 percentage points over the same period last year. The decline in the Māori rate was mainly due to the increase in the cost of coal in tons due to the reduction in the production of coal, combined with an increase in the share of foreign coal purchased by companies in order to meet market demand.
The power plate has seen a small recovery in its contribution to the growth of power. The demand for electricity has been growing faster throughout the country since this year, influenced by factors such as macroeconomic stability, rising weather and consumer consumption. Companies have seized the opportunity to increase market share and increase fleet utilization.
During the same period, companies used an average of 2364 hours, an increase of 179 hours, compared with the national average of 238 hours, and sustained improvements in the efficiency of electricity generation. In the first half of the year, 1,335.9 billion kWh were generated, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period. The achievement of the 12,538 billion “Great Logistics” strategy was remarkable.
\triangleright, which effectively guarantees high-level integrated operations. On railways, the company's own rail transport turnover amounted to 13,861 billion tons, an increase of 1.6% over the same period; The volume of freight traffic amounted to 4,511 billion tons, an increase of 13% over the same period.
Revenues of $24.16 billion were realized, an increase of 6.18 per cent over the same period. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies adopt a vertically integrated business model, using their own transport and distribution networks, which facilitates the profitability of each link in the coal-based industry, reduces operating costs and improves the competitiveness of their operations.
The price of coal has fallen sharply, the price of electricity on the Internet has fallen, and macroeconomics have fallen.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurates in Real Estate" is the third in the real estate industry. Specific proposals or ideas for investing in SkyEye Real Estate today in 2016 are directly or indirectly relevant. There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor is there any guarantee that the information and advice contained will not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.