The company ' s semi-annual report for 2018, released on the evening of 24 August, achieved business income of $12.338 billion, an increase of 5.69 per cent over the same period: total profit realization.
The ring ratio increased by 9.72 per cent; the mother ' s net profit decreased by 6.09 per cent and the ring decreased by 2.48 per cent; the net cash flow generated by the operation decreased by $20.127 billion, compared with the same period; coal production fell slightly, prices and costs increased, and prices generally stabilized. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved goods in the first half of the year as a result of the first cut-off of the Harussun mine (2.8 million tons of production and 30 million tons of capacity in the first half of 1818).
Coal production was 146 million tons, a 3.9 per cent decline in the same year, resulting in sales of 225 million tons of coal, an increase of 2.2 per cent in the same year; and average sales prices of 432 yuan/tons of coal were achieved, an increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year, of which 146 million tons of home-grown coal were sold, a decrease of 7.6 per cent in the same year, and foreign sales of 79.8 million tons, an increase of 26.7 per cent in the same year.
Six months of decline of 2.4 percentage points, and a small decline in corporate Maori rates, mainly due to continued strong demand in the coal market, the same 26.7 per cent increase in the sale of coal out of the company and 21.9 per cent increase in the cost of purchasing coal out of the company, resulting in an increase in the total cost of the company; and an increase in corporate wage standards over the same period the previous year, Zhou Jie Research Assistant
The cost of coal labour was $19.8 per ton, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the same period; third was a 7.6 per cent decline in coal production in the same year, and the company’s depreciation was amortized by $18.6 per ton in the first half of the year, which increased in the first half of the year, leading to a slight decline in the Māori rate. We expect that, with the company’s open-air mine removal, the company’s cost will return to stability and its profitability will be restored.
Remark: Integration poles perform well, indebtedness and capital spending continue to grow, electricity sales and power generation hours increase considerably, benefiting from higher electricity prices and a small increase in the company ' s power plate Māori ratio. Low valuation of integrated coal poles, high dividends highlight the value of investment.
During the first half of 2018, as a result of a 9.4 per cent increase in electricity consumption on a year-on-year basis for the whole of society, combined with weak hydroelectric power generation, the national electricity generation from fire-fired equipment increased by 8.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In the first half of the year, the company ' s total installed capacity reached 58,769 megawatts, an increase of 914 megawatts compared to the end of the previous year; among these, the total installed capacity of coal-fired generators was 56,914 megawatts, or a public share.
Itd 96.8 per cent of the total installed capacity of the company coal-fired unit at 9th Altitude Street in Beijing City West Side, using an average of 23.64 hours, an increase of 179 hours, an increase of 8.19 per cent, compared to the national coal power supply.
The equipment was used for an average of 2126 hours, 238 hours higher. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a combined sale price of 312 yuan/megawatt hours, an increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year; in the power generation division, the average cost of selling electricity was 256.4 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 2.2 per cent in the same year, mainly due to higher flat fixed costs on the same scale. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a business percentage point on the power plate.
In the area of railways, the company ' s own rail transport turnover increased by 1.6 per cent in the first half of 2018, benefiting from the increase in rail transport turnover. The company ' s railways generated operating revenues of 19.14 billion yuan, an increase of 3.4 per cent over the same period in 2017, and its operating costs of 7.258 million yuan, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the same period.
The increase in rail transport turnover and the increase in the maintenance of owned railways has led to an increase in external transport costs, with a 62.1 per cent Māori rate, down by 0.7 percentage points from the first half of 17, with companies still more profitable in rail transport services and a higher Māori rate. With respect to ports: 122.5 million tons of coal were discharged from corporate ports in the first half of 2018, a 1.7 per cent decline compared to the same period, with 92 million tons of coal being discharged through the port of Yellow Ribbon, an increase of 0.3 per cent compared to the same period, and 22.7 million tons of coal being discharged through the Shinhua Tianjin terminal.
This represents an increase of 7.1 per cent compared to the previous half of the year in terms of operating income of the company ' s port plate of $2,982 million, an increase of 6.6 per cent compared to the previous half, operating costs of $1,216 million, an increase of 3.5 per cent compared to the previous half of the year, and the Māori rate of 59.2 per cent, an increase of 1.2 percentage points compared to the first half of the seventeenth quarter. Shipping divisions: benefited from higher shipping prices and increased shipping turnover in the first half of 2018, the profitability of the company ' s shipping plate increased significantly, with shipping freight of 51.6 million tons in the first half of 18, an increase of 12.2 per cent compared to the same period, and shipping turnover of 45.1 billion tons in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company’s shipping plates achieved operating revenues of 2,034 million yuan, an increase of 40.5% in the same year, operating costs of $1.50 billion, and continued growth in the same year’s growth. The synergizing effects of the plates are further highlighted, and the profitability of the plates will continue to increase.
In the first half of 18 years, there was a 33.0 per cent decline in net cash inflows into the company’s operations, as compared to the same year. This was due to a decrease in net operating payments and an increase in loans and advances to clients, and a 21.5 per cent decrease in net cash flows from the company’s operations, after excluding the influence of the firm, mainly due to higher taxes paid on out-coaling and coal combustion in power plants, income taxes, etc. than in the same period of the previous year.
The main reason for this is due to the maturity of the asset recovery during the same period of the previous year. The cash flow from fund-raising activities in the first half of 18 was the same percentage point of net cash outflows from corporate fund-raising activities, a lower level of corporate asset liability, a reasonable structure of liabilities, continued high coal prices, a more profitable company, a still strong cash flow, and a strong future bonus period for corporate cash flows.
Models, in the broader context of high-coal price shocks, where corporate coal and transport plate synergies are gradually emerging, corporate profitability will increase significantly and corporate risk factors will be maintained: lower-than-expected macroeconomics and higher-than-anticipated coal prices will decline; and third, the security implications of corporate mining.
Charcoal, natural gas industrial chain, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-cheming intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.Kok Wing Ming, Ph.D. (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineers, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Sindha Business Audit Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Programme, revision of the coal industry technology policy
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering, University of Mines, China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.