The increase in power generation operations was marked by a decline in self-produced coal production and a compressed profit margin, with annual net profits of 98.3 million yuan in China, 5.7 billion yuan in China, and 22.977 billion yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a decline of 5.5 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the price of power coal was adjusted downwards to stabilize inter-zone fluctuations, guided by a policy-level approach, and the public-sector coal business achieved $21.65 billion, or +4.1 per cent, in the first half of the reporting period, of 225.3 million tons of coal sold by companies.
+2.2 per cent: The average sales price of coal is 432 yuan/tonne (excluding taxes). +1.6 per cent. The company ' s own coal production fell by 7.6 per cent to 145.5 billion yuan (+11.9 per cent) as a result of the temporary suspension or reduction of coal production at the company ' s Baj Shear, Haluso open-air mines.
The cost of the post-generation business was reduced and the Group achieved 12,538 billion kWh of electricity sales in the first half of the year, +9.6 per cent; Annual coal and sea freight prices increased on a year-on-year basis, railway turnover + 1.6 per cent, income + 3.4 per cent; and sales prices for sub-port water coal and acryrocarbons products increased on a year-on-year basis, leading to a similar increase in revenues from coal-chemical operations.
The recovery of production from the cut-off mine is expected to pick up the company's Māori rate, and the impact of some of the cutbacks in the company's production in the first half of the year on home-grown coal production, the increase in the margin of profit from the foreign purchase of coal, the rise in shareholders' share in the profits of the higher power generation sector, and the increase in taxes and fees have also eroded some of the factors.
In the case of parent profits, the overall Māori ratio of the company decreased by 0.56 pct to 41.41 per cent, the increase in labour costs slightly recovered the management costs, the increase in net interest income significantly improved the financial costs and the overall cost of the company decreased s07905141001
The recovery in home-grown coal production will increase the profitability of the company, and the continuous effects of the whole chain of coal, power generation, logistics and coal-chemicals will result in a sustained increase in the efficiency of the company's operations and increased industrial competition.
The company, as the largest coal company in the country, collects coal, power generation, ports, shipping, coal industry as one city gate B, 5th floors of a whole industry chain. The company has a cost advantage and has an integrated operating advantage and a scale effect in the industry.
In the broader context of supply-side reforms, advanced production capacity has accelerated, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from the policy benefits of advanced energy release. Further entrench the role of God in the coal industry.
To increase the attractiveness of investment, there is scope for valuation that deserves long-term attention in the coal plate.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overnight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance: underweight: industry is weaker than overall market performance.