In the first half of 18 years, there was a slight decline in performance, and the production of merchandise coal is expected to increase in the year as a whole. Companies issued a performance announcement for the first half of the year, and companies achieved business income of 12.4 billion yuan in the first half of the year, of which 64.4 billion yuan, yoy + 8.3 per cent in the second quarter and $11.3 billion in the net profit of the mother.
Youy-6.1%, performance meets expectations. Multi-factorial effects of supply side reforms, security checks, etc., coal prices are expected to run high, and with the gradual resumption of production of the Harussou open-air mine, the company is expected to grow in a positive way throughout the year, thus judging the firm’s performance throughout the year by steadily increasing, with the current low corporate valuation, maintaining “buy-in”
A combination of factors led to a decline in performance in the first half of the year: the decline in corporate performance in the first half of the year was caused mainly by a decline in the production of coal from the company's commodities, an increase in the share of coal purchased out of the company as a result of the sale of coal, an increase in the cost, resulting in a decline in equity relative to the profits from the operation of the largest coal sector, and a decrease in the share of profits from the generation of the power sector.
The profit ratio has risen, but its minority shareholders have a relatively high equity share, with a similar increase of 3.1 percentage points to 18.0 per cent in the first half of the year; third, the profits of the coal sector, which enjoys a more favourable tax rate, has decreased, the profits of the power generation sector, which enjoys a less favourable tax rate, has increased, and the income tax fees of the first half of the year have increased.
An increase of 3.4 percentage points to 23.6 per cent in the same rate of consumption and an additional 580 million yuan in investment returns in the same year, negatively affecting the growth of corporate performance.
Coal production amounted to 145.8 million tons, a 3.9 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to a significant reduction in the production of coal from the Haruzo open-air mine. Corporate sales of coal amounted to 225.3 million tons in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.2 per cent in the same year, of which out-coal sales amounted to 79.8 million tons, an increase of 26.7 per cent in the first half of the year.
The average sale price was 432 yuan per ton, an increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year, an increase in the proportion of out-coal purchases with higher costs, and a 6.3 per cent increase in the cost of corporate coal production, resulting in a decrease of 1.9 per cent to 28.8 per cent for the coal sub-sector and $21.65 billion for the coal sub-sector, a decrease of 3.4 per cent.
The average cost of selling electricity decreased by 2.2 to 256.4 yuan/megawatt-hours per year.
Higher, lower costs, a 3.9-20.8-per-cent increase in the same year in the Māori rate of the power generation division, which now earns $5.39 billion, a 6.6 per cent increase in the same year, a 1 billion-ton increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year, and a 129.5 million-ton decrease in the quantity of coal in the port, a 1.7 per cent decrease in the same year.
Shipping cargo volume of 51.6 million tons, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the same period, corresponds to a high probability of operating the plates in the second half of the year, with an increase in corporate coal production: supply-side reforms are continuing, with a target of 150 million tons of coal production for 18 years, which will further improve the supply of coal.
The implementation of policies such as coal, the increase in the share of contracts with the General Association of Electricity Enterprises, and the minimum and maximum stock levels of coal will contribute to the stabilization of coal prices. In addition, between late August and late September, the National Agency for Coal Mines and Mines will deploy six inspectorates to provide safe livelihoods to coal mines in 12 provinces (regions).
According to the company's business data in July, commercial coal production was 24.7 million tons, an increase of 6.0 per cent from the previous month's figure, the Haluso open-air mine, which had been announced to have been cut down in August of last year, and the mine was now gradually returning to production, compared to the second half of the year.
Production is therefore expected to return to positive growth, with expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is not a personal client. The report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The report is believed to be reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.