23q1 performed beautifully, and the advantages of lithium-electric closed loops were highlighted by the significant release of nickel and lithium-related materials and the effects of integrated closed loops in 2022.
\triangleright \
Tons; (2) Cobalt nickel: 70 million tons of nickel, +341.9 per cent of the same year, 18.5 million tons of metal sold, +889.1 per cent of the same year, 469 million tons of metal used for their own use, of which China Yagami achieved a profit of 2.26 billion yuan, or about 1.290 billion yuan, at the mother price; (3) Lithium electric material: 10.19 million tons of pre-trio drive, +55.8 per cent of the same year,
The net profit achieved by the new energy source HWAY was $327 million, while the positive material output was 9.49 million, +73.3 per cent, the sales volume was 892 million, +57.38 per cent, and the net profit realized by ZANDUMO was 1,317 million yuan, and the net profit earned by the mother was 485 million yuan, a significant increase over the same period.
Nickel prices first increased and then fell, leading to impairments in the company's inventory, annual inventory impairments of $1.290 billion, performance rating: falling metal prices and impairment delays performance, short-term perturbations, long-term growth logic of the company, plus impairments, corporate non-profits throughout the year
For $5.48 billion, q4 non-profits were $1.5 billion, which led to a significant increase in the ring comparison. Performance point assessment: impairment releases risk, nickel and positive profits increase, integration effects begin to grow by 2022/08/21
Lithium power production is expanding rapidly, and the cost of integration is deep in the moat. Pre-company drivers and positive poles \triangleright 4. Chinese friend cobalt industry (603799.sh) semi-annual operation 2022
The production capacity is large and fast-tracked, and the acquisition of the positive material is followed by a further performance evaluation: q2 performance meets expectations, and the material is expected to reinforce the technological advantage. With a strong resource and cost advantage, the company continues to grow in technology, and rises in technology.
Profits released under the physical layout - 2022/07/13 Large long-term supply contracts of more than 800,000 tons for technology, frutin technology, Tesla, Poi chemistry, etc. Future 5.
It is expected to grow in the midst of intense competition, with the cost advantages of integration and technological variability. The source layout follows the city with a period of 2022/05/11 for the integration of lithium electric materials.
Investment proposals: The company’s upstream resources are well-placed, downstream lithium electricity materials are expected to be rapidly released, tied to international resources and the depth of the car’s giants, with high growth certainty and deep moats. We expect the company’s collection to be based on a benchmark of 11x, 7x, and 7x, respectively, to maintain the company’s “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 1 issued 22-yearly and 23-yearly-a-quarterly reports, q1-high-performance companies issued a 2023-year-a-quarter: $19.110 billion in revenues for 2023q1, a year-on-year increase
44.64 per cent, or 33.43 per cent, of the growth in the ring ratio; the net return to the mother is RMB 1,024 million, a 15.10 per cent decline in the same year, and the ring performance is much higher than expected, mainly because of the continued robustness of China's project, its completion at the end of the first quarter of 23 years, and the release of nickel products.
The cost of R & D has continued to grow at a high rate, with impairments delaying performance for 22 years The scale has increased and the remuneration of employees has increased; the management costs have been 1.96 billion yuan, representing an increase of 66.4 per cent over the same period, mainly due to higher levels of research and development inputs, resulting in an increase in employee remuneration and material consumption.
The company’s net profit after impairment is $5.48 billion a year, and the q4 net profit is $5.48 billion a year. From the point of view of financial capacity, the company’s assets and liabilities have expanded as the size has grown over the 11.7 pct. In 2022, the company’s production of new energy, materials and products increased significantly, making it operational.
Net movement cash inflows of $2.91 billion, an increase of 4821.8 per cent over the same period, show a rapid increase in net cash flows from corporate operations in 2022
3.1 Product angle: Increased production site, nickel product, positive material performance, positive production site, nickel product, positive material harvest, and Maori contribution. In 2022, the company ' s Djubomo 3-phase project was successfully launched, generating 22,80 billion yuan in positive materials, a year-on-year increase.
378.6 per cent, with an increase of 22.7 to 36.2 per cent in revenue collection; 9.93 billion yuan in pre-Kyoto drive-over, $5.46 billion in nickel production, an increase of 2073.7 per cent, an increase of 13.3 per cent in gross material contribution, an increase of 1.7 pct, an increase of 25.9 per cent in contribution; and an increase of 25.9 per cent in gross material.
Copper and cobalt sales have declined, nickel, tri-dollar pre-drivers, or solid materials have increased significantly. In 2022, the sale of corporate nickel, tri-dollar pre-divers and positive materials increased significantly as a result of the release of new project capacity. (1) Copper and cobalt: 38.5 million tons of metal produced by companies, 23,000 tons of metal sold, corresponding to 8.2 per cent, 10,000 tons of copper sold.
The quantities were 9.04 and 7.83 million tons, respectively, with a change of 12.1 per cent and 16.2 per cent respectively; (2) nickel cobalt: 46.9 million tons of metal produced by nickel; and (3) lithium electric materials: 10.19 million tons, +55.8 per cent, respectively, of pre-trinar drive, and 848 million tons, or +43.4 per cent, of sales.
3.2 From the perspective of the subsidiary: China has increased the profits from nickel and cobalt, and China has increased its net profits from nickel and cobalt and China has increased significantly. HWAY is responsible for the production of the triad drive, achieving net profits of $327 million in 2022, an increase of 87.9 per cent compared to that of China ' s nickel and cobalt production.
Million yuan; Chengdu Bamo was mainly involved in the production of positive materials, achieving a net profit of 1,317 million yuan in 2022, an increase of 542.4 per cent, and contributed about 490 million yuan to the net profit of the mother as a proportion of the company ' s shareholding.
The company owns the most complete integrated industrial chain of the lithium positive materials industry, from mining to smelting end, from pre-drive to solid material, and the resource recycling plate, where efficient collaboration up and down is the company’s core advantage. The lithium electric materials industry presents the “resource development abroad, R & D manufacturing in China and the city”
Since technological innovation and cost advantages are key competitive elements of the industry, typical features of the global nature of the on-site customers, in recent years the Division has continued to extend the configuration of the integrated industrial chain from cobalt leaders to companies that have completed the deployment of space from resource development to the global market, based in China, with their headquarters in the village of Kiryu.
The industrial chains that are integrated, medium- and downstream in the manufacture of colour-based refining, new energy materials for research and development, from cobalt-cobalt resource development, green smelting, trinity drive and positive materials to the new energy lithium electricity industry ecology for resource recycling. Companies are expected to complete the cycle-to-growth transformation and reduce the volatility of profit cycles.
At the end of the resource spectrum, the public sector concentrates its copper and cobalt resources on the African resource plate, supplemented by its own mines and external purchases.
On the source side, the company, through its subsidiaries, cdm, mikas, owns four mining rights for the p527 mine, the Kambove tailing mine and the shonkole mine. As of 2022, the company, p527 Russusie mine, owns 350.35 million tons of copper ore resources and contains 143.10 million tons of sulfide; 52.24 million oxides.
Tons; 461.2 million tons of copper cobalt-rich mineral resources from the pe527, with a storage capacity of 2,5758 million tons (including 1,118.8 million tons of vulcanized minerals). The outsourcing of some of the minerals was acquired by the local Congolese gold trading system, mainly from local mining and mining companies.
At the end of the smelting, the company ' s copper and cobalt smelting capacity is distributed between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and China. Cdm, Mikas, a subsidiary of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, will mainly produce cobalt and copper concentrate from mining, after mining, through wet smelting, etc.
Cobalt hydroxide and electricity copper products. Smelting capacity at domestic manufacturing bases is mainly derived from some copper smelting for new cobalt materials. Currently, the company owns 21,400 tons of cobalt hydroxide production in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 66,000 tons of cobalt/electric copper production from cdm and mikas, plus domestic copper cobalt smelting.
Refining capacity has created an annual capacity of about 110,000 tons of copper + 39,000 tons of cobalt, and copper and cobalt operations have provided a moat for the company’s production to expand. Upstream resource layout two: low-cost wet nickel in Indonesian layout, and alpha at the heart of the company’s future growth.
The Division’s nickel and cobalt layout in Indonesia consisted mainly of nickel mines, garden services, energy security layouts, and the accompanying wet and fire smelting production configurations, which helped the company to form a deep moat.
Smelting progresses well. The current nickel projects of the company’s shareholding in Indonesia include: 1) Lat Da Bay nickel project, which currently produces 9.3 million tons of metal metallic nickel + 42,000 tons of nickel iron per year, while the company’s share is new, with 15.39% penetration and 1.43 million tons of corporate equity.
Nickel/year; 2) hln project: May 22, 22, company subscribes to a transferable debt equivalent to 10% of Hln ' s equity, and hln ' s controlled jpi holds 51% of scm nickel. scm nickel mine close to the company ' s Chinese project, rich in nickel, combined with 14.45 million tons of nickel and cobalt.
At the same time, the company expands the distribution of its park services: to achieve a steady return on investment while safeguarding the smooth progress of the Indonesian nickel business. hln, the jpi holding shares holds 49% of the csi smelter and 29.4% of the bsi smelter. hln, the wholly-owned subsidiary jim owns 98.3% of the cei hydroelectric plant.
Indonesia’s nickel smelting planning capacity is rising rapidly, and is expected to become a global nickel locomotive. The company’s objective is to create a total of seven nickel smelting projects in Indonesia, with a total capacity of 645,000 tons of metal and smelting.
The process is mainly wet, with products in the form of mhp and high-ice nickel. 1) The 60,000-tonne-wet-wet-wet project: it was delivered early in April 2222; 2) the 45,000-tonne fire project in Huako: it was set on fire earlier in April 2222, 22h2 was put into production, and the first high-ice nickel production was made in December 2222
Home transport; 3) Chinese Flying 120,000 wet-law project: 23h1 is expected to be supplied, production; 5) other projects: 22 years of intensive planning of the Chinese-People-Calling Hills 120 000 wet-law project, Huatung-Furt Indonesia-Foot wet-law project, Huat-Foot 60,000 tons in Indonesia
The wet-law project is currently being planned, and upstream resource layout three: the layout of the lithium mine completes the final puzzle of the energy metal resource.
The holding lithium mine project is the Africa-Zimbabwe arcadia lithium mine, both of which are of high quality and are expected to be the core of the company’s expected future performance. The company’s first lithium project, under the flag of the company, is the manono lithium mine under the flag of vz, which is still in existence.
In 2017, the company took the lead in acquiring shares in Australia ' s avz. As of 30 June 2022, the Chinese friend held 6.14 per cent of the shares in the avz company, the second largest shareholder in the avz, and avz held 75 per cent of the shares in the manonozo oxide project.
Possession of 4.72% interest in manono projects. According to the avz company, the manono lithium mine is one of the largest open-air deposits found in the world of lithiumlct (lithium, caesium, tantalum), with a total resource of 401 million tons, with an average lithium oxide grade of 1.65% and a storage level of 1.65%.
One hundred and thirty-two million tons and an average lithium oxide grade of 1.63 per cent. The initial construction of the avz project had an initial capacity of 700,000 tons of lithium concentrate/year, along with the construction of 46,000 tons of lithium sulphate/year capacity for 29.5 years of mining.
\triangleright Refinement Energy. As of October 2021, Arcadia project jerc (2012) was published by Foresight with a standard resource volume of 72.7 million tonnes, lithium oxide grade 1.06%, and binomone pentax.
Level 121 ppm, lithium oxide, 770,000 tons (19 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) and pentaoxy-ditonic metal, 8,800 tons. According to the company ' s June 2022 announcement, the arcadia lithium mine project invested $270 million in the total amount of $15,000 per day after the project was completed and disposed of the original mine, yielding 230,000 tons per year.
Lithium glyphosite and 297,000 tons of lithium flint concentrate, accompanied by lithium smelting capacity in the country, construction of a project to produce 50,000 tons of lithium salt per year, based on the Guangxihua-Yansury industry, for a two-year construction period of 389,000 tons of lithium flints, with a total investment of $2.11 billion.
On 20th, the company announced that it had completed the installation and commissioning of the entire production line of the lithium industry ' s arcadia mining project, and that the production line of 4.5 million tons of ore was well-connected and fed every year, producing the first product. The prospect industry ' s arcadia lithium mining project was the largest in Africa.
The project was completed in February 2022, and on 16 May it was officially ground-breaking and completed in just over nine months. It is one of the fastest-growing lithium projects in the African region.
A major strategic project is the company’s strategic approach to building an integrated industrial chain of new energy lithium electric materials, which is important for securing the company’s future supply of lithium resources. The successful completion of the project and the successful testing of the product are in line with the company’s strategic planning expectations and are milestones in the company’s lithium resource development process.
A follow-up project that achieves full productivity will help to further improve the integrated competitiveness of companies, provide important support for their high-quality development, and release the performance of the enabling companies in 2023. Downstream layout 1: Ten years of sharpening of the drive before three, with continuous expansion of the sword to the head of global integration.
In 2013, the company moved into the three-dollar drive, building a joint venture to focus on the development of the three-dollar drive business, the same year, through the accumulation of research and development.
Since 2021, companies have entered into a pre-discharge supply agreement with Tanchon Technologies, Yung-chung Technologies, Moor energy Technologies, etc., 9 of which are super-high nickel ncma material that is produced on a dry-ton scale, and high nickel products that have been unanimously recognized by customers. In the first half of 2022, the company’s 9-year-old super-nigium ncma products together generated more than 10,000 tons of production.
Monthly production of more than 3,000 tons, end-use applications for internationally recognized branding companies, technology and high quality, figure 18: Description of the main products and processes of the company's pre-drivers The country's first-ever hyrs technology, the country's leading hyff process, the hycc process
Technology (continuous + continuous new technologies), the hyss process (semi-continuous new technologies), which is mainly used in high nickel products, and the company has successfully developed and produced a second generation of high nickel pre-drive material with a special crystal structure
The developed third generation of high nickel pre-drive material is now in the B-scale certification phase, and the technology and processes of the public ncm8 are constantly being upgraded, allowing for the relative capacity and circulation of high nickel products.
Auto-research and development of the control-level-chemical indirect co-depositioning process, which is technologically advanced. By controlling the temperature of the synthesis process, the concentration of the solution, ph and the mixing rate, etc.
For process parameters, the synthesis process is highly stable and ensures product homogeneity, consistency and pre-drills with ncma and other physical indicators that meet the needs of tri-materials
At present, the company’s pre-triad drive project is located mainly in China, China, Guangxi Taming and Zhejiang Dynasty. In 2018, the company, jointly with LG Chemical, established the pre-disposition drive of the company’s company, through the holding company’s new energy owner, Hwa Gyeong-Ging.
51% of the division's shareholdings and 20.51% of the real interests of the Chinese friend cobalt industry; and the joint venture with Pura Xuan to establish the Huapur company, which holds 60% of the shares in the Chinese friend's new energy sector and 24.14% of the real interests in the Chinese friend's cobalt industry. The expansion of the company's pre-thirty-dollar production capacity will be released in the near future, with a much larger increase in capacity: it is assumed that China's projects in China Xiaozhou will
In 2023, the Waaps project completed production and the climb of the slopes. The company was estimated to have planned production capacity of 400,000 tons in 2025, and the corresponding equity capacity of 300,000 tons.
Technology 38.62% shareholding, with 26.40% of the corresponding voting rights held by the parent company HWAC, combined control of 65.02% of the voting rights in Bamo, achieved in August 2021. The company quickly moved into the triad material market by acquiring positive material headlines in Tian Zimbamo. The company invested in integration projects in Guangxi.
At the same time, the company raised funds through a transferable loan, and the company was able to build the "50,000 tonnes of high-purity battery-grade nickel production line, 100,000 tonnes of high nickel power cell production line and 50,000 tonnes of high nickel power cell production line per year" in Guangxi Bamo.
Positive material production line, with an expected internal return of 20.18% of the project, with a projected investment recovery period of 6.49 years (including 2 years of construction), which would add 50,000 tons of additional nickel-powered, positive material production capacity to the post-partum period. At the same time, Chengdu Bamo, Lei-Yo, Puhua, and Tianzimambamo were on the agenda, accelerating the release of production over the next three years.
Downstream three: a positive layout of lithium battery recycling operations, resulting in the closure of lithium electrical materials. The company has introduced HWAYA and regenerative resources into the Department of Industry and Communications, respectively, in line with New Energy Motors Waste Power Battery.
In the first and second batch of the list of companies using the Standard Conditions for the Integrated Use of Industry, companies have partnered with a number of well-known whole-caring companies to develop and absorb the recycling of decommissioned batteries, working with a number of well-known battery companies to exchange waste for materials, and working with a number of national and international whole-carrying companies to regenerate decommissioned batteries.
In May 22, the company worked with the BMW Group on innovative co-operation in power cell materials closed loop recovery and ladder utilization; a joint venture with lig chemistry was established in Korea to deepen cooperation in positive materials operations; and in July 22, the company reached a cooperative offer with lig new energy sources for the reuse of used power batteries.
The current corporate recovery business model is a ladder-based and waste-for-material model with an annual capacity to process 65,000 tons of used battery material.
A huge long list, deeply tied to the world’s leading corporations. 2021q4 began with strategic cooperation agreements with Ying-chung, Ying-chung, Moe-chul, Tesla, etc., to secure unattended sales and co-operation through large supply agreements, to lay the foundation for sustained growth and, according to the announced announcement, the company’s future will be locked in a single lock.
On 19 November 2021, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Yon-Hyun-Technology, under which the company and Yon-Hyuk-Technology were engaged in upstream nickel cobalt resource development, pre-drive technology development, pre-drivers products.
On that day, Yon-Hu-Tech bought no less than 180,000 tons of the company’s front drive.
On 30 November 2021, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the Ministry of Science and Technology.
There is an agreement on the supply of cobalt-based nickel resources and pre-drivers to the company for the purchase of 300,000 to 350,000 tons of pre-triple drives from 2022 to 2025 under the conditions that the company provides competitive pricing of metal raw materials and pre-diversion processing fees to the technology. The agreement includes capital.
On 2 December 2021, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Fuyan Science on procurement and co-operation of triad drivers, recycling of waste and used batteries, triads and triads.
On 31 July 2022, the company signed a supply framework agreement with Tesla in July 2022.
Between 1 January and 31 December 2025, the buyer would purchase the three-dollar pre-disposal of battery materials from the seller, and Tesla in the particular case of the purchase was determined by way of an order and the final sale was subject to the actual settlement of the purchase order issued by Tesla.
On 4 January 2023, the company entered into an agreement with the company Purahua and Pura chemistry, respectively, to supply Purahua and Pura Quan, from January 23 to December 25, respectively, about 15,000 and 160,000 tons of pre-trilling units, for a total of 175,000 tons of orders.
The company's upstream resources are well-placed, and the downstream expansion of lithium power is expected to lead to rapid release, tied to international resources and the depth of automobiles, with a high degree of certainty and depth of growth. We anticipate the risk of a sharp fall in the company's prices of 2023-1 products. The profitability of the company's products will vary according to the volatility of metal prices, if
There are more projects under construction, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into production or if the pace of production is delayed by internal or external factors. 3) There is less demand than expected. Companies have more projects under construction, and their capacity is growing rapidly, if downstream markets are opened.
The difficulties encountered, or the unexpected increase in demand, have led to an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, thus increasing costs, adding production to production below expectations, and undermining the company’s profitability.The methodology and analytical logic have led to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.