On 31st of 2023, the global leader in the integration of lithium electric materials, the cobalt industry, became the leader in the production of lithium electric materials, from cycle to cycle.
Starting with copper and cobalt, the company completed its resource layout for more than 10 years in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and grew into one of the largest vendors of cobalt in China. Since 2016, the company has been running a new energy-related operation for lithium electricity, which is being built downstream with the lig, posco joint construction plant into the lithium-electric material sector and upstream into the construction of nickel smelting in Indonesia.
Production capacity, gradually starting to build the industrial chain layout from upstream copper-cobalt-cobalt lithium resource development, midstream metal smelting, downstream trinity drive and trinity material manufacture, to lithium-recycling, to complete closed chains from resources to materials to recycling. We believe that the company’s future profits are not simply from the elasticity of nickel and cobalt prices, but rather from the elasticity of nickel and cobalt prices.
Depending on the advantage of the integration path and the price differentials of their own cost controls, rich profits are brought about, weakening the impact of price cycles on performance, and companies will either complete a shift from cycle to growth in the future. The forward-looking layout’s low-cost wet nickel capacity is a unique cost advantage for the company’s future growth.
\triangleright                                                     .
s010521120001 Resources, campus services, energy supply, smelting capacity, four main plates. 1) Upstream resources: Red-Kill Nickel Resources End, Inc. penetrating 15.39% interest in the Vidal Bay nickel industry, while the shareholding hln will acquire Jpi.
95.3 per cent equity, with jpi holding 51 per cent equity in scm and nickel mines; 2) park services: iwip s01052208002 company with 24 per cent shareholding; 3) energy supply: Viston company with 24 per cent shareholding;
4) Metallurgical: The construction/in-progress projects include three projects – the Watwet method, the Watwet method, and the Watko Fire method – for forward planning of 645,000 tonnes of nickel production. The company’s future capacity, which is dominated by the hpal process, has a large-scale, low-yielding advantage and will build deep moats for the company, while at the same time fully meeting the company’s future nickel resources.
Lithium mine is expected to contribute rapidly to the growth of its performance by producing the final puzzle of fast and well-supplied resources.
The consolidation of the chemical advantage, with an annual production of 230,000 tons of lithium glyphosite and 297,000 tons of lithium pelican concentrate, will meet the company's 50 million 2. Chinese friend cobalt (603799.sh) for the year and half 2022.
The company announced on March 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, that the entire production line of the rcadia lithium mine project had been evaluated for its performance: risk of impairment release, high nickel and positive profit increases, completion of the installation of equipment and completion of the installation of a full line of 4.5 million tons of ore each year.
At the beginning of the integration process -- 2022/08/21 -- the first product was successfully produced over nine months of construction and expected to contribute significantly at a high cost of lithium.
The ability to produce lithium is expanding rapidly, and the cost-augmented river is deep. Profits are released under the corporate front-loading and positive materials 2022/07/13 Large-scale, fast-starting production, and the acquisition of positive materials has been further consolidated after the acquisition of Tsimbama.
4. An event review of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh): The technological advantages of nickel resources. With deep resource and cost advantages in place, companies continue to develop technology, when technology is upgraded, and the next city is set up.
With large long-term supply contracts of more than 800,000 tons, such as foil technology, Tesla and Pu Xuan Chemistry, growth is expected to take place in the future, thanks to the cost advantages of integration and technological precipitation, in the context of intense competition - 2022/05/11.
Investment proposal: The upstream resource layout of the company is perfect, the downstream lithium power expansion is well on track and is expected to be rapidly released, with international resources tied to the depths of the car giant, growth is certain and the moat is deep.
The transformation of the lithium electricity chain is evident in the 20-carried copper industry.
Development and manufacturing of new energy lithium electric and cobalt new materials products can be divided into three stages of development: (1) the master battalion cobalt copper resource development business phase (2002-2015), the 2003 study tour to Africa, the acquisition of three Congolese mining companies in 2008, the active deployment of overseas cobalt copper resources, and their placing on the market in 2015 to grow into a global cobalt industry.
(ii) The new energy business phase (2016-2018), which was developed in 2016 with a three-dollar pre-drive, successfully entering the supply chain of internationally recognized batteries such as Samsung sdi, lgc, etc., entered the stock market in Australia in 2017, where nzc and avz took the lead in the deployment of lithium mineral resources. Indonesia ' s nickel resource development was launched in 2018 to serve as a company.
In October of the same year, a joint venture was set up to build up the supply base for nickel raw materials. Since then, a number of extension projects have been launched in the country, Indonesia, and Africa. In 2019, full ownership of new energy sources in China and China was acquired to expand the company’s new energy portfolio.
In 2021, a partial acquisition of BAM technology was completed, further strengthening the placement of lithium electricity in the positive poles. In 2022, the company’s sub-humid sub-region of Indonesia reached full production ahead of schedule. The company worked with the general public, Aoyama, to develop a new internationally competitive platform for the integrated manufacture of lithium energy materials.
The current transformation of the company ' s lithium electricity industry chain has had a significant effect, becoming the uppermost leader of lithium electricity, creating an industrial landscape in which three main sources of resources, colour and new energy are integrated and synergized. 1.2 The ratio of lithium electricity to electricity has increased and the cycle has changed.
The rise in the size of the company’s revenues has been marked, with lithium power accounting for a major share of the company’s revenues, and cobalt-cobalt contributions. Between 2016 and 2018, the beginning of the former drive-over operation, the rise in the price of cobalt led to an increase in the company’s revenues.
The start of the business started with a partnership between the company and lig chemistry, posco, the launch of the new energy generation phase in Huaihai, and the rapid growth of the pre-developing business, with a three-year capr collection of 118.0%. Trade operations grew significantly, with $8,629 million in trade and other business creation in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
In 2020, there was an increase in pre-drill revenues, a 7.4 billion-dollar pre-drilling contract between the company ' s new energy company, Huaihai, and Pratsu, and the completion of the pre-drilling project, which was 163.7% and 136.1% more than the previous year, respectively, and 2,532 million yuan, or 120 per cent more than the previous year, in 2021.
The recovery in cobalt prices, accompanied by an increase in corporate sales of cobalt products of $8,412 million, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the previous year; a sharp increase in sales of ex-diversion products, which increased by 88.4 per cent and 77.4 per cent, respectively, from the previous year, to $5,761 million; and a significant increase in firm operations, with companies entering large positive orders with the lig new energy source and catl to acquire BAM technology.
In the Chengdu region, 50,000 tons of BAM technology became fully functional in phase 1 and generated 4,764 million yuan for the first time. In the first half of 2022, lithium power accounted for a major share of corporate revenue, with a significant decline in the proportion of cobalt and copper; positive materials grew rapidly, with super-high nickel material producing more than 3,000 tons per month, generating 11,145 million yuan, or 36 per cent.
Up to 49 per cent, and the transformation of the company ' s lithium electricity industry chain has had significant effects. Figure 2: Sub-business receipts for 2012 - 2021 (billions, per cent) Figure 5: Historical copper prices (US$/tonne)
The volume of copper produced by the company continues to rise. 1) Copper products: the volume of copper produced has risen continuously, with the volume of copper produced by the company increased slightly in the first half of 2022 to 496 million tons in the first half of the year, compared with the same year; 2) Pre-Three Drivers: the volume of drive-out increased rapidly, with the volume of drive-out produced in the first half of the second half of the second half of the second half of 2022 to 369 million tons, compared with the same year
(iv) Positive material: in 2021, it was the first to be collected, and in the first half of 2022, the company was the source of approximately 383,000 tons of material, of which 332 million tons of material was delivered, a 52 per cent increase in the same year, and 26.4 million tons of material, or three tons of material, from high nickel.
The company's gross contribution is about 80%; 5) nickel products: it's about 1.6 million tons, an increase of 126% over the same period. The company's gross profit is dominated by cobalt and copper products, and the resource plate's Maori rate has risen over the last three years.
If one benefits from higher self-supply ratios for corporate copper raw materials, lower unit costs, a more optimized structure of copper products, and a higher share of Māori copper. The Māori pre-trillion drive rose from $0.04 billion to 8.75 million in 2016-2021, and the cost of raw materials for the Māori pre-dumper is expected to fall further and the Māori ratio is expected to rise again.
Figure 7: Māori and Māori rates for companies 2016-2021 (Billions of yuan, %)
The significant annual decrease is mainly due to the fact that, according to the new enterprise accounting standards, the cost of transportation incurred by sales should be classified as the cost of contract performance and classified as the main operating cost. In 2021, employee remuneration replaced transportation costs as the largest share of the cost of sales. In 2021, employee remuneration accounted for 62 per cent of the cost of sales.
The increase in sales costs is mainly due to the increase in employee remuneration and the inclusion of Bamo in the consolidation. 2) Management costs: management costs are higher than three costs, corporate management managers, core managers, core cadres, etc. in the first three quarters of 2016-2022 grant restricted shares with equity incentives up to the limit
With Bamo included in the merger, management costs increased in the first half of 2022 on a year-to-year basis to interest costs. Financial costs increased in the first half of 2022, mainly as a result of interest and fees, and in Bamo.
4) R & D costs: In the first three quarters of 2016 - 2022, with high R & D inputs, the R & D of the company ' s positive material product is progressing well. 2022h1, the company intensified its research on dozens of new products such as Cobalt, Trinity, Trinity, etc., and the acquisition of key technologies for a very narrow distribution of high nickel-big pre-particle vectors.
2.9 in the first half of the year was a mass production of super-high nickel ncma ncma material, which is now above 3000 tons per month, and a combined 9-per-high nickel ncma material sales surplus in the first half of 2022
Nickel resources and park services, and joint ventures with lg and posco are mainly in the form of equity participation, and are shown in the company ' s long-term equity investment returns, contributing significant investment returns to the company, which continue to grow significantly with the release of nickel products, pre-drivers and positive output.
In 2019-2021, the net return profits of the company rose significantly from 120 million to 120 million of the total assets of the company, with asset and liability ratios rising, investment cash flows increasing, inventory growth, and a significant decline in net cash flows, with net cash outflows of $1.84 billion from company operations in the first three quarters of 2022.
After the fall, the company stored raw materials to avoid large price fluctuations, which led to an increase in raw material stocks. Cobalt prices rose at the bottom in 2019 and stocks dropped significantly. Cobalt price shocks in 2020, imports of raw materials were blocked by health events, and companies were prevented from importing raw materials.
During the first half of 2020, raw material stocks were largely digested and stock changes levelled off. In 2021, Bamo was included in the merger of companies to counter the risk of rising raw material prices and increasing company stock.
1.3 Professional management is empowered to complete a 10-year mission five years. The corporate equity structure is stable. As of the third quarter of 2022, Mr. Chen Xuehua reported that he held the shares of the company by 64.2 per cent, and that he held the shares of the company by 16.29 per cent through the Zhejiang China Friends Group Ltd.
In addition, Mr. Chen Xuehua holds a direct share ratio of 6.88% of the company. At present, the company’s main subsidiaries are Zhejiang-Yo-Yo-Yo New Energy Technology Ltd., Zhejiang-Yo-Yo-Yo Import and Export Ltd., China-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo New Materials Limited, Hwa-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo, HONG-HONG, Cdm, etc.
Mr. Chen Xuehua, who is a shareholder in the company, is a Chinese friend, founder, and actual controller, founded in 2002 the Zhejiang Yue Cobalt Nickel Company Ltd., with more than 20 years of experience in business management, plays a key role in the direction of the company's development and in the application of its products.
Since 2021, companies have awarded restricted shares to such incentives as directors (not independent directors), senior managers, core managers, core cadres, etc.
In June 2022, the company awarded 10.7495 million shares of incentives to 1,200 target audiences, and the business of the Chinese-American Cobalt industry accelerated.
2 Cobalt Cobalt: A combination of self-owned + outsourcing, stable yield-benefit price elasticity of Congolese gold 2.1 Deep cultivation of Congolese gold, “safe mats” of self-sufficient resources, deep cultivation of Congolese gold to guarantee a stable supply of copper and cobalt resources.
In 2006, the Democratic Republic of the Congo established a cdm company to establish a raw materials procurement network to open up the deployment of copper and cobalt resources in Africa; in 2008, the company expanded to the upstream mining sector and acquired ownership of three Congolese mining enterprises, namely,comus, mikas, and weso; and in 2015, the acquisition of the p527 mining rights to strengthen the sea.
The deployment of copper and cobalt resources; since then, with the orderly advancement of a range of projects such as the exploitation of the pe 527 mine rights and the upgrading of mikas, the company has developed a business model in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, backed by its own mines and the purchase of local mines and mining companies, which provides a strong source guarantee for domestic manufacturing platforms.
At the end of the resource spectrum, the company ' s copper and cobalt resources are concentrated on the African resource plate, with its own mine at its core, with four mining rights from the outside mine, the Kambove tailings and the Shonkole mine. As of March 2022, the company ' s p527 mining area had a combined copper ore reserve of 1,192.47 million tons, of which 19,822 tons contain copper metals;
Some of the out-purchases were purchased by the local FARDC trading system, mainly from local mining and mining companies. A combination of ownership and outsourcing enabled companies to control their rich cobalt and copper mineral resources and to build a solid back-up for the supply of company raw materials.
At the end of the smelting process, the company’s smelting capacity is distributed between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and China. The Congolese gold subsidiary Cdm, Mikas, will produce coarse radon, cobalt oxide and electric copper products, mainly from the mining and extraction of cobalt concentrates through wet smelting.
With 30,000 tons of copper/copper capacity from the company, combined with domestic copper and cobalt smelting capacity, the company has developed an annual capacity of about 110,000 tons of copper and 390 tons of cobalt, and the copper and cobalt business has provided the company with a major profit from the copper and cobalt business contribution to the expansion of its capacity. The company has a significant advantage in low-cost resources.
In 2022, H1cdm achieved operating income of $1.81 billion, representing a net profit of $335 million. Of this amount, the company collected $2,485 million in copper and $5,527 million in cobalt, which together accounted for the company's total revenue.
25.83%. In recent years, the company’s business chain has continued to expand, gradually moving towards triad drivers and positive materials manufacturing, maintaining a Māori share of more than 70%, which is a company’s profit security cushion. 2.2 Supply stops have now recovered demand, and copper prices are expected to move upwards.
On the supply side: overestimating new mining, underestimating the contraction of old mines, long-term capital spending on copper peaked in the year 2020 or high point of concentration for copper mines, according to capital spending patterns, but due to the effects of the epidemic, the actual increase in supply in 2022 was not fully accounted for by the epidemic, geopolitics, etc.
Some of the projects were postponed or resulted in a certain increase in copper deposits in 2023, but short- and medium-term emissions remained tight, and in addition to the impact of capital spending, the decline in resource endowments had a significant impact on copper supply. The average grade of the global copper deposits and the number of years available had declined significantly over the past five years.
In recent years, despite rising copper prices, new mine exploration has been on the rise, but there have been very few results to mention. Only 16 large copper deposits, totalling 81.2 million tons, were found globally in 2010-2019, accounting for less than one tenth of the total of the last 30 years, when spending on copper exploration was not significant.
In addition to long-term factors, there are short-term disturbances, such as strikes and demonstrations in Chile and Peru, and the Congo.
According to Bloomberg and Woodmackenzie, although the direct start-up disruption caused by the new crown has been reduced from more than half in 2020 to a small fraction in 2022, indirect effects may have had a significant impact on the supply in 2023.
The skills base, which leads to increased technical problems and slow progress in the project;2 the epidemic affects many government organizations responsible for licensing;3 the increase in weather-related disturbances may also keep the disruptions above 1 million tons;4 the lack of stripping from 2020 and 2021 and the poor grade and hardness of many mines.
On the demand side: traditional areas capture a recovery in Chinese demand, with China accounting for half of the world’s copper demand. According to icsg, the world’s top three copper-consuming economies in 2021 were China (55%), the EU-15 (11%) and the United States (7%).
In terms of downstream copper demand, China and the United States accounted for the largest share of electricity and construction, respectively. According to Antai, in 2021, electricity, air-conditioning refrigeration, transport, electronics, and construction accounted for the largest share of downstream copper demand in China.
This compares with 49%, 14%, 10%, 10%, and 8% respectively. According to usgs, in 2020, the share of demand for copper downstream in the United States was 43% for construction, electrical and electronics, transport, consumption and industrial equipment, 21% for different areas of downstream demand:
1. Electricity: We expect to invest nearly 3.3 trillion dollars in the grid during the 14th Five-Year Plan. During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the demand for counter-cyclical adjustment due to the slowdown in national economic growth will be increased, with the national grid planned to invest 501.2 billion yuan in 2022 at a rate of 6 per cent.
In November alone, domestic vehicle production was 2.38 billion vehicles, a 7.7 per cent decrease in the same year, and a 8.2 per cent decline in domestic production of new energy vehicles, a 68 per cent increase in the same year.
According to export data, domestic vehicle exports reached 329,000 in November, an increase of 64.8 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 2.5 per cent in the ring, with 145,000 electric car exports, an increase of 89 per cent in the same year, an increase of 4.9 per cent in the ring.
The share of demand in emerging areas will reach about 10%. Compared to traditional areas such as cables, fuel trucks, air conditioning, premises, new applications such as new energy vehicles, charge-posts, photovoltaic wind power, etc., are entering a high-speed development period, and copper, because of its superior conductivity and heat radiating properties, are becoming more intense with environmental protection and policy promotion.
In 2023, we measured that the supply and demand balance: we expect copper to remain tightly balanced in 2023, that the supply and demand gap will grow gradually after 2024, and that the copper price hub will move up. The supply side conservatively assumes a slight increase in aggregate copper production in Chile and Peru.
In countries such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo and China, the demand side assumes a decline in demand in traditional areas and a decline in overseas needs, such as Europe and the United States, but domestic demand, as well as demand in emerging areas, has continued to grow, leaving a surplus supply of 50,000 tons of refined copper in 2023, largely in a tight balance.
In the future, it is expected that, as the share of copper demand in emerging areas rises, the rate of copper growth in emerging areas will effectively boost the overall demand for copper, and the supply side will be constrained by factors such as insufficient capital spending and declining mineral prices.
In the medium and long term, the increase is limited, and we expect the supply and demand gap to expand to 2.21 million tons in 2025.3 Cobalt: low-cost wet nickel from Indonesian layouts, a nuclear heart that will grow in the future.
The company ' s low-cost wet nickel smelting project in Indonesia, coupled with downstream integrated production capacity-building, has a significant cost advantage and will form the core driver of the company ' s future performance growth. The company has developed nickel resources - nickel products are first processed in Indonesia, and nickel sulphate is deeply processed in Indonesia.
Supply agreements are signed in the fresh water valley to safeguard upstream nickel resources in the redsoil; nickel primary processing includes cooperative projects in Huagang, Huaco, Hua Fei, Huashan and with the general public, mainly based on wet smelting processes, with initial processing into mhp (cobalt hydroxide) and high-ice nickel, while company services and energy supply projects in the Indonesian layout park, safeguarding nickel
The mining resources development and nickel smelting projects have been successfully advanced; the Chinese and Chinese state headquarters, which are home to the initial processed products of Indonesia, have been further processed into nickel sulphate, mainly for the company ' s production of a three-dollar drive. 3.1 Integrated layout parks and nickel mines provide a significant return on investment.
In 2021, the global nickel deposit was about 95 million tons of metal, yielding 2.7 million tons of metal, with 35 tons of nickel deposits and more abundant reserves. In terms of resource distribution, Indonesia, Australia and Brazil were rich in nickel, with 22 per cent, 22 per cent and 17 per cent of reserves in 2021, respectively.
In 2018, the company launched the development of nickel resources in the red-earth in Indonesia. Participation in the Red-earth nickel project, the expansion of parks and energy services, the development of nickel resources and initial smelting of nickel resources in Indonesia.
At present, the company’s nickel-mining projects in Indonesia include: 1) the Lutdal Bay nickel industry: currently producing 9.3 million tons of metal nickel + 42,000 tons of nickel iron per year, the company’s participation in new technology, with 15.39% penetration, and the company’s counterpart producing 1.43 million tons of nickel red-earth; 2) the hln project: May 22.
The company subscribes to a transferable debt equivalent to 10% of Hln’s stock, hln’s holdings hold the scm nickel mine in tons, and the amount of cobalt in 1 million tons. At the same time, the company extends the distribution of the park service: to achieve a stable return on investment while safeguarding the smooth progress of Indonesia’s nickel business. hln’s holdings hold 49% of the csi smelter, bsi
The company’s park layout is improving. Deepening collaboration with the fresh water valley nickel mining project to further secure the supply of nickel raw materials. The freshwater valley is located in Canada, Canada.
Indonesia and Brazil operate a number of nickel projects, Canada is a sulfated nickel mine and Indonesia and Brazil are both red-earth nickel mines. The company signed two exclusive supply agreements for nickel in April and September 22, covering mining projects, including: 1) pomalaa nickel project: the two sides plan to use the polymalaa mine as a raw material, with high pressure from Hwat.
The acid leaching process (hpal) is technology based on a wet nickel project of up to 120,000 tons; 2) sorowako nickel mining project: sorowako nickel resource quality, 1.79 per cent nickel ore grade, up to 1.94 million tons of metal in storage, and the parties plan to implement 60,000 wet nickel projects using the sorowako mine as a feedstock.
3.2 The forward-looking layout is Indonesian wet nickel, which is planned to become a global leader. Indonesia's nickel smelting planning capacity is rapidly upgraded and the smelting process is dominated by the wet method. The company currently has seven nickel smelting projects in Indonesia, with a total production capacity of 645,000 tons of metal. The smelting process is mainly wet, in the form of products.
(c) China Flying 120 000 wet-water project: expected 23h1 to have input, other projects: 22 years of intensive planning of the Chinese-People-Slate Mountain wet-law project, Hua Yu-Fu River Valley printing.
The Ni-Fort 120,000 wet-law project, the Hua-Yo-Full Water Valley project, the 60,000-wet-wet-wet-law project in Indonesia, is currently planning to advance the 3.3 wet-wet method, the pyrotechnic resonance of the pyrotechnic process, the high barriers to the pyrotechnic route, the low cost of the pyrotechnic process for the production of nickel sulphate in the red-earth nickel mine, which currently includes two types of pyrotechnic and wet-methodologic processes.
Smelting of high-grade nickels in the red-earth, producing processes such as nickels in the red-nickel-iron-high-ice nickel-sulphate nickel. Currently, the main process of burning is kref (turn kilns-mine furnaces), the oxygen-rich side blowing process is further based on kref optimized and the equipment is converted from an electric furnace to a side blower, which is not yet fully developed for the development of nickels in the red-earth.
Phase 2. Wet: mainly applied to the rhesus nickel ore and silicon magnesium nickel with lower magnesium content. The production process consists of the red ore ore-nickel intermediate-sulphate nickel. A breakdown of the technology path includes the recalcitrant roasting-amino leaching process, the sulphate leaching process, and the pressure leaching process, of which the high pressure acid leaching (hpal) process has become a low treatment.
Main technology routes for the nickel-based red earth. Figure 47: Oxygen side blowing process. Figure 46: Arkef process
Figure 48: Hydraulic acid leaching process The hydrometallurgical process is low in cost and high in financial barriers. The oxygen-rich side blowing process is optimized with respect to the use of raw mineral grade, investment intensity, and cobalt by-product returns, but the path technology is not yet fully developed.
In terms of cash costs, the wet process has a cost advantage: (1) low-grade red-earth nickel for the wet process, low material cost and a higher nickel recovery rate than the fire 10 pct;2 higher electricity consumption for the fire process, whereas the wet process is primarily steam-consuming and low energy cost;3 recoverable cobalt.
The investment intensity of the wet-law project is about two times higher than that of the fire-high-ice nickel project, coupled with the relatively slow slope of the production capacity of the wet-law project, and the longer-term return on the enterprise’s investment and the higher financial pressure.
Table 11: Comparison of nickel smelting processes The company uses the most advanced international third-generation hpal process, which has a significant relative cost advantage over its peers. The company China project uses the most advanced international third-generation hpal process, with an investment of $2.13 million per ton of nickel.
The cash costs of c1 are much lower than the average for the same industry, with a cycle well below the historical Redscopic Nickel Wetting Project. The pre-realization of China’s aims demonstrates the company’s technological strength, provides technical support for the successful advancement of subsequent wetland projects, which is difficult to fix.
The binary pricing system is not broken, and the nickel price returns are taking some time. Although the global supply of raw nickel may lead to excess supply in the event of a significant expansion, the nickel binary pricing system is still difficult to solve, looking forward to 2023, when nickel intermediates and nickels may be surplus, while electrolytic nickel stops will have to wait until electrolysis.
In the context of new nickel projects, especially low inventories, the shift to excess electrolytic nickel will allow nickel prices to be turned around, pending supply increases, and we believe that nickel prices may be maintained at higher levels and that companies may benefit significantly in the context of the large-scale dumping of the nickel production capacity of Chinese friends.
At the end of the supply: the supply of raw nickel has grown significantly, the production of electrolytic nickel has resumed, and future growth in production is largely dependent on intermediate transformation. Global primary nickel production has clearly risen and electrolytic nickel production has returned to pre-epidemiological levels as the production of the Indonesian nickel iron and intermediate projects and the impact of the epidemic have diminished.
There has been a steady decline in electrolytic nickel production, future electrolytic nickel growth is largely dependent on intermediates produced by the red-earth nickel mine, the 50,000-ton high-ice nickel pure nickel project is steadily moving forward, and the intermediate-made pure nickel process will once again be on the stage of the historical dance, and the pressure on nickel iron production will be high. The isolation of the nickel market in the Philippines and Indonesia has also led to the emergence of the nickel industry in Indonesia.
High profits, Indonesia's nickel and iron project is still actively expanding, and according to smm, Indonesia is expected to invest 583,000 tons of nickel and iron production capacity in 2023, and the supply pressure is still high. High-ice nickel and wet planning projects are high and the supply pressure is high.
The high demand, the tight supply of electrolytic nickel, the huge potential of nickel intermediates, the deployment of enterprises to the Mhp and High Ice Nickel projects in Indonesia, and the significant increase in the supply of mhp and high ice nickels with the launch of the Aoyama, Utility Obi and Huayao projects tons of metal, of which the proposed production capacity in 2023 would be as high as 473,000 tons of metal, mhp and high in the future.
The nickel sector accounts for 70% of downstream demand, and the stainless steel sector grows and cyclically coexists. Nickel is used mainly in stainless steel, alloys, electroplating, and batteries, and the stainless steel sector accounts for the share of downstream demand.
With 70 per cent of the more rapidly developing battery fields accounting for 13 per cent, and given the relatively high stainless steel sector, which is growing at a high rate, while alloys and plating are relatively low and demand is relatively stable, nickel demand research is concentrated in both the stainless steel and battery industries in terms of incrementality.
The demand for stainless steel, on the one hand, changes with the economic cycle, and, on the other hand, the field of application is expanding and growing somewhat. Global stainless steel production in 2016-2021 is the fastest growing species of large metals.
Figure 53: Distribution of global demand for primary nickel downstream in 2022 Real estate recovery supports the recovery of the basic face of stainless steel in the country. The stainless steel is divided into 200, 300 and 400 systems, 200 is the average nickel content of about 4 per cent, 300 is the average nickel content of 8 per cent, 400 is the non-nickel, and 300 is the output.
About 50% of stainless steel, so the impact of stainless steel on nickel demand is concentrated in 300 sectors. In our country ' s stainless steel consumption, catering appliances, architectural decorations and domestic electricity are in the post-real estate cycle, and the combined share of demand is 41%, the domestic real estate market was depressed in 2022, the effects of the epidemic were compounded, and the basic face of stainless steel was higher than the basic face of stainless steel.
Poor, but as the effectiveness of stable growth policies, such as real estate, becomes apparent, stainless steel consumption is expected to return significantly to the high growth in the new energy truck market in 2023, with strong growth in nickel production for sulphuric acid. The upstream pre-drivers and sulphuric nickel production in the battery chain are concentrated in the country, so the need to study nickel sulfate is largely consistent with global demand.
There has been a rapid increase in the sales of source vehicles, a rapid increase in the production of three-dollar batteries, coupled with a high rate of nickelization and a strong demand for nickel sulphate, with the production of 287,000 tons of nickel sulphate in 2021, an increase of 100.1 per cent compared to the same year, and a continuation of the high number of tons of metals in the new energy vehicle in 2022, an increase of 32.1 per cent compared to the same year.
The supply and demand balance: primary nickel is surplus, electrolytic nickel is unique. The supply and demand of electrolytic nickel remains tight and low stocks are short-lived. The demand for nickel sulphate rose sharply in 2021, while the intermediate capacity deficit led to significant consumption of nickel sulphate.
There is also a marked decline in nickel stocks, which are historically low. Focusing on the supply and demand of electrolysis nickel per se, the price of pure nickel in isolation from other nickel products, and the dual pricing system is difficult to understand.
Price deviations make it more difficult to price pure nickel for supply and demand for other products, and in the context of a “dual” pricing system, especially low stocks, the supply and demand of electrolytic nickel is particularly important. There has been a steady increase in demand in areas such as alloys downstream of electrolytic nickel, casting, and relatively high affordability of nickel, with relatively little change in demand and more hope of turning nickel prices into electrolysis.
In terms of the increase in the supply of nickel, which in the future will depend mainly on the volume of high-ice nickel to pure nickel projects, intermediate supply and demand, such as high-ice nickel, will again be linked to electrolytic nickel, so that the “dual” pricing system will not work, and nickel prices will return to the single pricing system for supply and demand of nickel.
In 2022 there was a small excess of primary nickel as Indonesia continued to use iron, high-ice nickel, and wet intermediates, and structurally, because nickel sulphate was significantly reduced in the consumption of refined nickel, while the demand for refined nickel in other applications was not too bright, and the gap in refined nickel in 2022 was relatively high.
In 2021, it narrowed. Looking to 2023, nickel intermediates and iron will be in total surplus, and the point of turning nickel electrolysis will still have to wait until new projects are in place, especially in the context of low inventories, to allow excess electrolytic nickel to become a source of concern, and nickel prices will be turned around, waiting for an increase in supply to focus on the progress of the electrolytic nickel project.
The first lithium project to be deployed under the company's flag is the manono mine under the flag of the avz, which is still in the forefront.
On that day, HWAY held 6.14 per cent of the shares of avz, the second largest shareholder of vz, and avz held 75 per cent of the shares of the manono oxide project, thereby calculating the company ' s 4.72 per cent interest in the penetrating manono project.
One of the caesium, tantalum and crystalline deposits has a total resource of 401 million tons, an average lithium oxide grade of 1.65 per cent, a reserve of 132 million tons and an average lithium oxide grade of 1.63 per cent.
Figure 65: Road map for transport of manono lithium mine under avz
The company's first-held lithium mine project is the arcadia lithium mine, with a synchronized planning of 50,000 tons of lithium salt smelting, and a lithium resource layout for the next city. The company now owns the arcadia lithium mine under the umbrella of the Zimbabwe Vision Lithium Mine, and we believe that the arcadia lithium mine or fast-track completion of the help company.
Lithium arcadia is rich in reserves: as of October 2021, Arcadia project jorc (2012) was published by Foresight as a standard resource of 72.7 million tons, lithium oxide grade 1.06 per cent, ditonic oxide grade 121 ppm and lithium oxide metal volume of 770,000 tons (Lithium carbonate equivalents 1.9 million tons)
(t) 8,800 tons of tantalum pentax. Of this amount, 42.3 million tons were stored, 1.19 per cent of lithium oxide grade, 121 ppm of tantalum pentax, 504,000 tons of lithium oxide metal (1.24 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) and 5,126 tons of tantalum pentaoxide metal.
Planning for the construction of 50,000 tons of integrated lce capacity, with a possible future: according to the company ' s June 2022 announcement, the arcadia lithium mine project has invested a total of $270 million. The project has been completed with the disposal of 15,000 tons per day of primary mines, with an annual production of 230,000 tons of lithium delta concentrate and 297,000 tons of lithium quartz concentrate, which are distributed domestically.
Lithium smelting of production capacity, construction of a project to produce 50,000 tons of lithium salt per year, based on the Guangxihua Lithium industry, for a two-year construction period, for which 389 million tons of lithium quartz were processed annually, with a total investment of $2.11 billion.
The Lithium industry, the largest single-body investment project in Africa, was completed in February 2022, and construction and investment began on 16 May, with construction and investment completed in just over nine months.
One of the fastest-growing lithium projects in the African region. The Prospective Lithium Radidia Lithium Mining Project is an important strategic project during the company’s 14th Five-Year Plan, an important strategic initiative for the company to build a new energy lithium-material-physical industrial chain, which is important for securing the company’s future supply of lithium resources.
Success is in line with corporate strategic planning expectations and is a milestone in the company’s lithium resource development process. A follow-up to the project’s achievement of full-fledged production would further enhance the company’s overall competitiveness, provide important support for the company’s high-quality development, and contribute to a significant release of the company’s performance in 2023.
4.3 Lithium prices are returning to a reasonable level, and the company’s performance is being released simultaneously. Looking ahead, we believe that, after a significant increase in lithium prices in 2022, the price of lithium will probably return, but the company has its own lithium resources and its performance is still expected to be released.
Major capital inflows, but due to uncertainties in mining development and long-term cyclicality, it is expected that some projects will not be able to produce at the scheduled point in time, with the supply end increasing or going down; on the demand side, 2023 began to face adverse global geopolitical, macro, economic and other factors, compounding China ' s new energy vehicle subsidies.
On the slopes, the global demand for new energy vehicles is increasing or will decline significantly, the supply and demand of lithium resources is strained or will ease, and the price of lithium is likely to return to a reasonable level, but we believe that, in a situation of low supply expectations, rising demand and rising cost curves, prices may not return to the low levels of the past, and companies with their own lithium resources will continue to benefit.
Looking back at 2022, low expectations remain the main melody for the supply of lithium resources. (1) Lithium mines: three of Australia’s four major producing mines (cattlin, pilgangoora, and marion) were reduced to varying degrees by 2022. At the same time, in terms of capacity-building, at the end of 2022.
At the beginning of the 23rd year, there were varying degrees of delays in the green land projects planned for production, including lithium mining projects such as Finniss, Grotado cirilo, which were extended by 1-2 months compared to the original plan, mainly due to outbreaks, logistical disturbances and labour stress. (2) Salt Lake: the offshore salt lake project originally planned for production in 2022 included cauchari
OLARoz projects (planned 22h2), lararoz II projects (planned 22h2) and lardelrincon projects (planned for mid-22 years), all of which are planned to be extended to 2023.
In the future, the low expectations of the supply end have gradually begun to emerge, and I am supplying lithium for the future.
In fact, we have counted some of the lithium resource projects that have been in production in recent years, or have been planned for production, and we have found that most of the projects are more difficult to deliver on their more optimistic guidelines. For these reasons, we believe that three main reasons are:
Upstream lithium resource development is different from downstream manufacturing expansion, and resource development is itself a complex system \triangleright uniform engineering, while most projects are located in remote, high altitude areas, associated accompaniment facilities (channels)
Roads, utilities, etc.) and people’s teams become shackles, with more variables in the construction process, which should require longer extension cycles. Listed companies, both within and outside the country, often face market-market pressure and tend to disclose more optimistic and theoretical ones.
\triangleright extension cycle guidelines, while the owners of some of the overseas greenfield projects are often start-ups that are good at exploration and financing and are not very good at the actual development and operation of the projects.
Unlike basic metal varieties such as copper, the lithium industry is still not a mature resource industry, and lithium extraction technology is still \triangleright not fully mature.
Small or large periods, but most of the projects have been guided by a relatively optimistic approach to production, and we believe that in 2023 there was limited and concentrated additional capacity at the end of the resource base, mainly due to the expansion of mature palm land projects, and that large-scale release of green land projects would be delayed until 2024.
In spite of the extension of the project, we anticipate that global lithium resource production will increase by about 305,000 to 1125,000 tonnes of lce in 2023, with the production of ore lithium increasing by about 189,000 tonnes of lce and the production of salt lake lithium increasing by about 104,000 tonnes of lce overseas.
With the exception of the cauchari-olaroz project and the Finniss project, the increase in production in 2023 was almost entirely due to the expansion or resumption of production of the Palm Land Project.
The ngungaju plant has resumed production, the wodgina has resumed production, the mtmarion expansion and the Finniss project has become operational: (1) the greenbushes can reach 1.62 million tonnes per year and are expected to climb to full production in 2023; (2) the ngungaju has restarted production in 2022h2 with a capacity of 180,000 - 2 million dry tons per year
Lithium concentrates, which are expected to be fully produced by 2023; the lithium concentrates at the Pilgan plant have been restored from 330,000 tonnes/year, the third line will be activated and the fourth line constructed depending on the market conditions, with an additional 500,000 tonnes/year of lithium concentrate. (4) mtmarion's capacity has been expanded from 450,000 tonnes/year to 600,000 tonnes/year, and
It is planned to expand to 900,000 tonnes/year by the end of 2022, but due to an increase in the share of low-grade concentrates of 4 per cent of the product, production capacity based on lithium carbonate equivalents will be expanded to approximately 80,000 tonnes of lce, which is scheduled to start in 2023. (5) The Finniss project, originally scheduled to be operational by the end of 2022, has been postponed to the top of output 2023h1.
Lithium concentrates. Only greenbushes, mtcattlin, mtmarion, pilgangoora, wodgina, finniss, etc. are expected to be produced in Australia in 2023, where the greenbushes production is still locked up and alb, mtmarion is supplied mainly to the stockholders Min and the wodgina industry, and wodgina is mainly well supplied.
The production plan for 2023 for mtcatlin was revised from 16.17 million tons to 14-15 million tons in 2023, owing to the shortage of labour and the decline in grade, with only mtcattlin and pilgangoora being supplied to the spot market.
In South America, with salt lakes, the main increase in 2023 came from the expansion of the palm land project, including sqm, Yapoon.
The greenfield project will be launched mainly from the cauchari-olaroz project under the banner of the lithium industry and the lithium industry of the Americas. (1) Sqm has increased its capacity to 180,000 tonnes/year in 2022, and production is planned to increase to 150,000 tonnes lce (140,000 tonnes originally planned) and is expected to expand further in 2023.
With 40,000 tons of capacity added, production has now been postponed to 2023. (3) Levint is expected to produce 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate capacity in each of 23q1 and 23q4, the first 10,000 tons project is expected to be completed by the end of 22 and 23q1 by the end of 22, and the second 10,000 tons of capacity expansion project is expected to be completed by the end of 2023.
(4) The production of 25,000 tons of production capacity under phase II of the laroz project under the umbrella of allkem is affected by the supply of raw materials and logistics, the delivery of key equipment may be delayed, the pre-testing is expected to take place in the first half of 2023, the completion of construction in the second quarter of 2023, the first production is realized, and the production of lithium from salt lakes is volatile due to their vulnerability to weather, and the project has high capacity utilization rates.
Further observations are needed on future production and use. (5) The cauchari-olaroz phase of the Lithium industry and the cauchari-American lithium industry, under which 40,000 tons of capacity were planned for production in phase I, has now been postponed to production in the first half of 2023. The salt lake supply end in 2023 will not be able to exceed expectations of growth, taking into account factors such as capacity climbs.
The 2023 South American Salt Lake Extension Project includes the sdla project at Everest, Tibet, the salardelrincon project at Argosy.
The Solardelrincon project, with 0.2 million tons of experimental production capacity planned for 2022, has now been postponed to 2023q1, while the next 10,000 tons of production capacity has been submitted, but it will still be necessary to complete the production. The 3q Salt Lake project under the Purple Mining Flag was successful, and the company plans to build 20,000 tons of capacity by the end of 2023.
In a typical mining development cycle, resources need to be developed through “discovering deposits”, “design drilling plans”, “assessments”
/ Prefeasibility studies, “Approving/Approving Work”, “Completion of Financing”, “Combating/Pre-mining” and “Exploring” phases.
The process of environmental assessment/energy assessment/security assessment will allow for the formal start of construction, which will take about three years, with more time spent overseas on feasibility studies, and more time in the country for processing and approval, and finally, the mine will be in the development phase, with most resources at high altitude, in high cold areas, in uninhabited areas, etc.
The construction cycle is long, coupled with a shortage of personnel, and is easily disturbed by bad weather, community relations, the environment, environmental protection, technology, etc., usually one to three years. Mining development is therefore not comparable to the manufacturing extension cycle (usually one to two years), since, because of its special characteristics, greenfield projects are developed or will have more cycles than others.
Long, it is difficult to keep pace with the expansion of downstream manufacturing, which is the core contradiction between the current lithium cycle and the rise in lithium prices. We believe that greenfield projects will be difficult to release on a large scale until 2024, and that the supply elasticity of lithium resources remains figure 76: a typical timetable for progress on mineral projects (ideal scenario)
Figure 77: The exploration, construction and commissioning of the laroz Salt Lake Phase project under the umbrella of allkem has gone through a long process at the end of the demand: storage can address the timing mismatch of new energy sources and is expected to form a new growth curve for lithium. As the cornerstone of the new energy power system, storage market demand has increased with the increase in the share of clean energy.
As of the end of September 2022, a total of 24 provinces and districts of the country had issued a new energy-support energy policy, most of which require a storage capacity of no less than 10 per cent and a storage capacity of more than 2 hours.
On the external front, the United States Department of Energy Road Map for Storage Energy Targets, released in December 2020, set targets for reducing the cost of storage energy and accelerating the development and application of new technologies, and proposed in the inflation-reduction bill to increase the share of renewable energy generation to over 65 per cent per year for independent storage capacity, as did Japan's Energy White Paper, published this year.
In the long term, the direct demand for lithium is in the area of batteries, and although the demand for new energy vehicles is increasing or will gradually fall, we still view storage as a second-growth curve for lithium. (1) We expect the world to be new in 2025.
Energy vehicle penetration is expected to reach 24 per cent, China ' s new energy vehicle penetration is expected to reach 47 per cent, the global volume of new energy vehicles is expected to reach 23 million, and future growth curves are still steep. (2) With the rapid growth of photovoltaic power, China ' s storage capacity is expected to reach 240gwh in 2025, and global storage capacity is expected to be high
With 67%, the second growth curve of lithium driving growth in the future. Supply-demand balance: demand is down, but supply is low, and price poles are expected to return.
The second growth curve, which is expected to make lithium, supports future demand growth; at the supply end, we expect the supply side to be released or synchronized with low expectations of green land items, geo-policy changes, environmental impacts, and so on. Overall, there is a shift to a balance of supply and demand, there is no doubt that supply will be significantly overstretched in 2023, and the lithium hub will return to reasonable but low-yielding.
The profits of the company that owned the mine are still significant, and the Chinese-American cobalt industry is expected to benefit from the arcadia deposits.
After almost a decade of autonomous R & D, certification, and plant production, the company has been able to produce a three-dollar-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-year-a-year-old drive-a-lifetime supplier. The company’s former drive-a-breath capacity is divided into two swipes (60%/40%/p) and Joaquin (51%/lg/a-a-half%).
The company has continued to invest in the expansion of its capacity, working with its downstream clients to establish a number of joint ventures, including multiple triad drivers; (2) certification: certification started in 2014 with ncm prior drive into certification systems such as lg, posco; and (3) volume production: production of triad pre-drive products started in 2015 and produced 0.120,000 tons in that year.
Forward-drivers; full series of three-dollar pre-drivers developed in 2016 and participated in the establishment of the new energy fund in China Sea (100 million out of 600 million) and the construction of a 50,000-ton pre-diversion project; (4) expansion: a joint venture with posco in 2018 to set up Hua Amura and a joint venture with lig chemistry to establish Joaquin; and the acquisition of 99.01 per cent of the surplus of new energy in China Sea in 2019
Shareholdings, China Sea becoming a fully-owned subsidiary; the build-up of ex-property capacity up to 2020, including an increase of 50,000 tons of pre-nickel, a transferable debt to build up pre-convictions of 100,000 tons in Guangxi Bamo, and a replenishment of pre-releases of 50,000 tons in China's friend's new energy sources; and the expansion of the capacity of the Puraji joint venture, which we expect to produce up to 325,000 tons by the end of 2023.
Figure 81: Ten-year profile of the pre-triple drive industry, participation in the creation of Huaihai and posco.
Purchasing New Energy in China Posco, ncm
I want you to go ahead, output, build up Wah Youra, sign N65.
Driving into lg, posco lig chemical joint venture
Energy becomes full capital, C.R.A., D.C., D.P.
We've got a two-pronged drive, and we've got a system of concessions to set up Joaquin's company.
In 2013, the company cut into the Trinity Driver, through research and development.
Accumulation, entry into overseas supply chains such as Samsung, lig chemistry, and, in 2017, production of eight products in small quantities. Since 2018, in collaboration with lig chemistry and Pojita depth, a joint venture has focused on the development of pre-T$3 drivers, producing 811b products in the same year.
Pre-programming of the supply of high nickel ncma ncma material to dry-ton-scale production, and high nickel products to be approved by the client. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s nine ultra-high nickel ncma products together resulted in excess sales of tons of tons, with monthly production of over 3,000 tons, end-use applications for internationally recognized brand companies, technology and quality housing.
Figure 82: Description of the main products and processes of pre-company drivers Country-initiated hyrs process technology, leading domestic hyff process, hycc process technology (continuing + new technology), hyss process (semi-continuous new technology),
The company has successfully developed and produced a second generation of high nickel pre-drive material with a special crystalline structure, and the third generation of high nickel pre-drive material under development is in the B-scale certification phase, public.
ncm8 Departmental technology and processes are constantly being upgraded, making high nickel products more efficient than capacity and circulation and high-temperature storage stability.
Autonomously developed and controlled power levels-chemical indirect co-depositioning processes that are technologically mature. By controlling the primary process parameters of the synthesis process, such as temperature, solution concentration, ph and mixing rate, the synthesis process is highly stable and the product is uniform and consistent.
Ncma and other physical indicators are the pre-drillers that can meet the three-dollar material needs. The company has steadily advanced the pre-triple drive capacity expansion through both self-build and joint ventures.
In 2018, the company, in partnership with LG Chemical, set up the pre-displacement project of the company, with 51% of the shareholdings of the company, and 20.51% of the actual interest in the industry; and the company, in partnership with Pura, set up the company Huapo.
The company’s pre-thirties drive-over capacity will be released in the near future, and production capacity will increase considerably. The fake state projects were completed in 2023-2024, and they have reached production since 2024; the Guangxi Bamo project was 2023
Yearly production capacity climbs; in 2023, the Waaps project completed production and the slopes. Thus, the company ' s positive-polar production capacity is estimated to reach 400,000 tons in 2025, and the corresponding equity capacity is expected to reach 300,000 tons.
5.2 The technology premium is narrow, and costs are the core competitiveness of the future, at 72% of the year cr5.
The technology premium has been narrow, and the Chinese-American cobalt industry has become more dominant. The Chinese stockholding is the leader of the industry, the pre-diversity of the high nickel series has been faster, the product structure has been better optimized, and its high nickel product (ncm 622 and above) has risen from 34% in 2017 to more than 80% in 2020, while the Chinese-American cobalt industry has been a latecomer to the high nickel system.
According to company announcements, prices for pre-cobalt and pre-carriage sales were lower than those for pre-cobalt production in China between 2017 and 2020, but the price gap was reduced from 10.69% to 3.19% in China and 2021.
Cost is at the heart of future competition in the pre-removement industry. While the product structure of China’s pre-cobalt shares is ahead of the Chinese-cobalt industry (higher than the nickel series), single-ton sales are correspondingly higher than the Chinese-cobalt industry (the premium continues to narrow and the price continues to narrow).
In 2021, according to the company announcement, the Māori rate and the single ton of Māori are better than the Chinese, and the single ton of Māori continues to decline, with the continued rise in the pre-eminence of the Sino-American nickel series, and we believe that the cost advantage of integration may be at the heart of future competition in the industry, which is also the core of the CYC industry.
The core of the competition will shift to the end of the raw material if the technology premium is reduced and the unit ton processing fee is continuously reduced. The cost of manufacturing the man-to-man and the process is less spatially low, with industrial processing costs falling significantly over the last three years, while the ratio of raw materials to production remains constantly high at around 80%.
As the industry develops, the core of competition is shifted to cost control and raw material security. Since 2018, the company has increased its nickel-cobalt resources by increasing the number of projects such as the Huaco and Huafei in Indonesia, laying a solid foundation for companies to compete at the end of their raw materials in the future.
Figure 89: Disaggregated cost of exorcism before 3 S.A.T.
The cooperation agreement, which guarantees future sales and cooperation through large supply agreements, lays the foundation for sustained growth, and, according to the announced announcement, the company ' s future long-term lock-in of pre-drive orders totals more than 800,000 tons, guaranteeing an increase in the volume of sales in the company ' s subsequent production potential.
On 19 November 2021, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Yon-Huen-Technology, an agreement between \triangleright and Yon-Hu-Technology for upstream nickel cobalt resource development, pre-drive technology development, pre-drivers products
From 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2025, Yon-Hu-Tech procured no less than 180,000 tons from the company’s front-loaders.
After further consultations, a supplementary agreement was concluded, and on 30 November 2021, a Strategic Cooperation Agreement was signed between the company and the Ministry of Science and Technology. \triangleright
There is an agreement on the supply of cobalt-based nickel resources and pre-drivers to the company for the purchase of 300,000 to 350,000 tons of pre-triple drives from 2022 to 2025 under the conditions that the company provides competitive pricing of metal raw materials and pre-diversion processing fees to the technology. The agreement includes capital.
Source development strategy cooperation, procurement cooperation and recycling of triad drive, three components. On 2 December 2021, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Fulcan Science and Technology, which states: \triangleright
On 31 July 2022, the company signed a supply framework agreement with Tesla in July 2022.
Between 1 January and 31 December 2025, the buyer would purchase the three-dollar pre-disposal of battery materials from the seller, and Tesla in the particular case of the purchase was determined by way of an order and the final sale was subject to the actual settlement of the purchase order issued by Tesla.
On 4 January 2023, the company entered into an agreement with the company Purahua and Pura chemistry, respectively, to supply Purahua and Pura Quan, from January 23 to December 25, respectively, about 15,000 and 160,000 tons of pre-trilling units, for a total of 175,000 tons of orders.
\triangleright downstream customers are all head-to-head companies, and the accumulation of high-quality customer resources helps companies seize the opportunity to expand their market share and upgrade their industry.
At the same time, co-operation with posco has deepened through a supply agreement with the joint venture company Poohua. In the future, pre-plant sales have increased by $6.3 or so: the acquisition of BAM technology has benefited from a high nickel acceleration.
The company quickly cuts into the triad material market by acquiring the positive material head company Tian Zimbamo. At the same time, a joint venture with the power cell tap company combines its own resource advantages and high-quality customers and helps the company to take root.
In 2021, the company acquired 38.62% of BAM, while acquiring 26.40% of the corresponding voting rights held by the parent company, controlling 65.02% of BAM ' s voting rights, which was achieved in August 2021. As of 2022h1, the company ' s share in BAM fell to 36.86%.
Thanks to the technical and market advantages of BAM technology in the triad positive materials industry, the company quickly achieved the triad positive material end layout. The company’s positive material output grew rapidly, and the three-dollar nickel positive material ratio rose.
Positive material production was 54,767 tons, an increase of 96.46 per cent, and sales of positive material was 56,703 tons, an increase of 114.78 per cent. The volume of positive material delivery in 2022h1 was about 383,000 tons, of which the total volume of positive material delivered was about 33.2 million tons, an increase of 52 per cent, and the volume of material shipped in high nickel material was about 26.4 million tons, a percentage of that amount.
The company invests in integration projects in Guangxi, further reducing the cost of the various links and increasing the gross material Maori rate. The company raises funds through a transferable debt, and the fully-owned subsidiary, Guangxi Bamo, builds “50 million tons a year” (metal volume).
The net battery-grade nickel production line, the annual production of 100,000 tons of high nickel power cell production line and the annual production of 50,000 tons of high nickel power cell production line with 3 tons of positive material, are expected to yield an internal rate of return on the production of 3 tons of positive nickel power cell material.
In September 2020, Tesla started to release 4680 batteries. Its discharge efficiency is 6 times higher than that of traditional cylinder batteries.
The 46-system large cylinder batteries, headed by 4680, can significantly reduce intra-cell resistance. Auroral cells can be connected to the full volume and direct contact mode of the battery shell or channel through a confluence.
The effect of reducing in-cell resistance and increasing battery efficiency is 46 being “increasing growth” in large cylindrical arrays, with a growing number of battery companies and cars joining the large cylindrical cell manufacturing camp. Large cylindrical cells are the hotspots of recent years, the Ningde era, the billion-latitude lithium energy, the Bic cells,
Domestic manufacturers such as Vision Motivator, National High School, Humming Energy, and foreign companies such as Matsuko, lig New Energy, Samsung Sdi, etc., are laying large cylinder batteries. For automobile companies, there are already Tesla, BMW, Stellentis, Tung Fung Tung, Jiang Huai, Porsche, and Uji, publicly announced that they will use or consider using large cylinder batteries.
This month's release of large cylindrical cells with a single energy density of 350wh/kg, supported by a nine-minute super fast charge of 1 billion latitudes of lithium, will provide two new battery plants in China and Europe for BMW, each with an annual capacity of 20 gwh. BMW states that 46 mm standards will be used in the “New Generations” model starting in 2025.
In January 2023, the Bic battery announced that it would invest $13 billion in Changzhou to plan the construction of a 30gwhh large cylinder battery production line and an internationalized research and development centre. Tesla, a 4680-cylinder wind sign, was also increasing the rate of capacity expansion, and Tesla announced on 14 January 2023 that it would invest more than that.
Battery plants, new battery plants, have a planned annual capacity of 100 gwh. Large cylinder batteries have great prospects in the field of energy storage, in addition to new energy vehicles. Teslaceomask says that their 4680 batteries are used not only for electric cars, but also for Tesla storage products in the future.
In terms of process advantages, 4680 cylinders are small in contact with each other and the heat is out of control to prevent their isolation. When the cylindrical cell heat expands, the shell is heated evenly, and there are no side swellings, deformations, etc., that affect the life of the battery. At the same time, the cylindrical cell beehives are arranged, interkernels are filled with insulated heat seals, and the area of contact between the cores is almost zero.
The heat must pass through the perimeter core with a captor, which is well insulated, allows the heat to get out of control and does not spread, and thus improves the safeness of the battery heat. In order to fully exploit the uniform distribution of the cylindrical cores and the internal stress, the 4680 cores can only be enhanced by a combination of high nickel positive material.
Large cylindrical batteries have been identified in very high nickel directions and have been used in various battery plants. According to the programmes published by each battery plant, 4680 batteries are currently dominated by very high nickel. Different systems have been selected by different enterprises, such as Tesla using ncm9 and lg using ncma.
The company ' s high nickel positive material output, which will benefit from large cylindrical batteries. 2022H1 positive material output, which is about 3.83 million tons, is about 3.32 million tons, an increase of 52 per cent, and high nickel positive material, which is about 26.4 million tons, which represents about 3 million tons of material.
In 80% of cases, we believe that, as metal prices go down, large cylinder batteries promote trio performance and lower output in the future, large cylinder batteries will lead the Trinity "King" back, or they will be released in large quantities.
7.1 Lithium electric recovery is promising and the industry is ready to develop, with the rapid growth of the new energy car market, a high demand for power cells, while the supply side is scarce enough to keep up with the large downstream expansion and growth needs.) Add to this the difficulty of power cell development, which remains in the medium and long term.
Lithium batteries will be used primarily and will be difficult to replace in the short term, resulting in a shortfall in the supply of and demand for lithium resources. Deloitte's analysis predicts a gap of 1.45 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalents in 2030. 2) The first batch of power cells has been decommissioned, with a surge in recycling of used batteries, which will be accompanied by a boom in the market for new energy vehicles and future recovery of batteries
The recovery of used batteries can effectively reduce the scarcity of lithium resources, make up the supply and demand gap, and also bring great economic value to the enterprise. 3) National policy support has been strengthened to promote the growth of the lithium-recycling industry.
Ladder utilization and decomposition recycling are the two main ways of recycling current power cells. 1) Ladder benefits are reduced use of decommissioned batteries, mainly by reducing battery capacity to between 20 and 80 per cent, which is no longer suitable for new-energy vehicles, recompositioned through physical recognition, performance analysis, internal testing, etc.
Battery bags or battery systems, applied to other scenarios, such as chemical storage, low-speed power, uninterruptible power supply, etc. Ladder utilization can maximize battery use while effectively reducing environmental pollution and waste of resources. Development is constrained by long recovery processes, technical bottlenecks and safety hazards.
) Dismantling recovery is the process of recycling resources through physical, fire or wet extraction of metals of useable value in decommissioned batteries. Dismantling of recovery processes is simple and high, with wet being the main process used by the domestic battery recovery facility. However, fire is still available.
High energy consumption, long wet recycling cycles and vulnerability to environmental pollution. Figure 96: Description of ladder utilization and dismantling recovery. Figure 97: Chart of the power cell dismantling recovery process
The lithium recycling industry is currently in the early stages of growth, with a large number of participants in the industrial chain, a fragmented pattern of competition, a smooth and stable recycling system, and a mastery of core recovery technologies are the core barriers to the success of lithium recycling enterprises.
Depending on the nature of the recycling, the lithium recycling model is divided into the third-party recovery model, the battery (material) manufacturer recovery model, and the whole company-led coalition recovery model. 1) The third-party recovery model: a third-party enterprise as the main source of lithium recycling, autonomous recycling networks and independent recycling from batteries.
Third-party enterprises often have technical barriers and are highly specialized in recycling, but they are faced with channel-building problems that require building their own network of channels for battery recovery to re-sale. For businesses: Grimey, li-cycle, etc.; 2) battery (material) producer recycling model: recycling through their own sales channel
This model has significant advantages and reduces the cost of battery recovery and production. It represents businesses: the Ninder era, the Guinness High School, the Hua-Yo Cobalt industry, etc.; and 3) a whole-of-the-car-business-led coalition.
The model has the advantage of creating an industry-wide chain of closure, with a wide and professional recovery channel, but management is difficult and requires shared risk. On behalf of the enterprise: Biadey, the company's forward-viewing recovery operations have resulted in an integrated industry chain.
The company’s forward-looking lithium battery recycling business, using the platform’s advantage to work with the entire company, the battery industry, to promote the efficient recovery of lithium batteries. Since 2017, the company has established the Chinese Friends Cycle and Resource Regeneration subsidiary, which is the lead in the domestic lithium recycling business, overseas through the self-constructed Chinese Friends International Revolving Company.
And joint ventures to strengthen the layout of Toyota Motors, Volkswagen Motors, Word Technology, BMW, LG New Energy, etc., and to work strategically with leading companies such as Toyota Motors, Popular Motors, Words Technology, BMW Group, LG New Energy, to recover lithium from all sides of the layout, to consolidate their own channels and technological advantages.
The company actively deploys the lithium battery recycling business. The company’s subsidiary, Hua Yuzhou, and the resources are regenerated separately.
Single first and second batches. The company partnered with a number of well-known whole-car companies to develop and absorb decommissioned battery reclamation, working with a number of well-known battery companies in a strategic model of cooperation in waste-for-material exchange, and worked with a number of national and international whole-car companies in the recycling of decommissioned batteries. In May 22, the company worked with BMW.
In July 22, the company entered into a cooperative intent with the lig new energy source on the reuse of used power batteries. As the business opens up, the company is forming a joint venture to develop cobalt and nickel resources, green smelting, etc.
Pre-drive and solid materials are manufactured into the new energy lithium-recycling ecology of the resource recycling industry. The company now returns to the business model of stairwelling and waste-for-materials, with an annual treatment of 65,000 of used batteries. The operations of lithium-recycling have started to yield significant profits in 2022.
By 2022, h1, the company ' s recovery operations had initially shown positive results, as a result of significant battery recycling and the high cost of metals such as lithium, cobalt and nickel, and the resource regeneration subsidiary ' s operating income of 2,261 million yuan and net profit of 408 million yuan.
At a time when the lithium-recycling industry is still in the midst of a long-term competitive pattern with a low concentration of market shares, the company recycling industry is expected to take the lead in harnessing development opportunities and achieving performance leaps in the future, depending on its technological and channel advantages. 8.1 Prospective profit scenario is split from business.
The company's operations are divided into three-dollar, solid material, cobalt products, copper products, lithium products, nickel products and others, and we believe that the company's profit gains are mainly derived from lithium electric material operations (triple, solid materials), lithium products and nickel products operations, copper product operations, cobalt product operations and other operations, which are expected to remain relatively stable, with key vacations.
Copper and Cobalt Products: We expect the company to remain fully productive in the future, but price fluctuations will affect the company ' s performance, and we appreciate that the future supply of copper will continue to decline, demand will continue to increase 10,000 yuan per ton, 70,000 yuan per ton, 70,000 yuan per ton, and we believe that the supply side of cobalt will be massively released and demand will continue.
In the face of a decline in the rate of increase, the future cobalt price is expected to be low, and we expect the average tax on cobalt content to be 351,000 yuan per ton, 266,000 yuan per ton, and 249,000 yuan per ton for cobalt products.
\triangleright’s launch was the main driving force behind the company’s performance, and in 2024, the Chinese Flying Project was fully operational, and pilot production for Hwayama would contribute to the company’s growth. On the price side, we believe that with nickel’s double price,
The collapse of the system, the gradual return of nickel prices, we assume that the average price of lme nickel for 2022-2024 is $26,000 per ton, $22,000 per ton, and $18,000 per ton. Lithium product operations: we expect the production of the rcadia lithium mine under the company’s flag to contribute more to the company.
\triangleright lce, 50,000 tons lce, with an average expected price of $200,000 per ton for non-tax sales of lithium products, and lithium electric material operations: we expect that the company ' s future lithium electric materials business will gradually reach its capacity
\triangleright is growing at the same time, and the company's forward-to-be drivers sign long-term supply orders of more than 800,000 tons, the volume of which will be secured, while the positive material has been supplied to leading companies in the industry, and future performance is expected.
Prices are expected to fall in tandem with the fall in the price of lithium, cobalt, nickel, etc., but the company ' s processing fees are expected to remain steady, and the Maori rate may be further mentioned as a source of domestic lithium from the company ' s main resource products of copper, cobalt, nickel, and downstream lithium, etc.
Downstream integrated leaders, we've chosen the industry's three-dollar pre-drive and solid material champions, the stockholdings, Grimes, Yoon-Hyun technology, and when technology is upgraded as a comparable company, compared to the average of the industrial chain for the integration of lithium electric materials in 2022-2023, with a significant increase in future resource capacity and simultaneous release of downstream lithium materials.
The company's resource self-sustainability rate has increased significantly, the integration advantages have highlighted, profitability will continue to increase, and the company's future performance contribution will be driven by the four main plates, the Congolese Cobalt, Indonesia's nickel, Zimbabwe's lithium, the Triad Driver and the positive lithium and low-cost copper, in which the company's future profits will grow at the core.
The core growth points are mainly based on the integrated layout of the new energy materials for lithium electricity, mainly from the Indonesia Cobalt Project, the African Lithium Mine Project and the integration of lithium, and a clear path to corporate growth. We expect the risk of a sharp fall in the price of public 1) products. The profitability of corporate products varies with the price of metals, if.
There are more projects under construction, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into production or if the pace of production is delayed by internal or external factors. 3) There is less demand than expected. Companies have more projects under construction, their capacity is growing rapidly, and downstream markets are opening up.
Difficulties, or less than anticipated growth in demand, result in underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the depreciation amortization of one ton, which increases costs, increases production by the same amount as expected, and strikes at corporate profitability.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.