Jubabe event: Company ' s 2020 performance forecast: expected to achieve a net return profit of 7-7.5 billion by 2020
▪ The downstream demand for engineering machinery and the firm’s high level of certainty in its performance are projected to be 73% higher than the median performance forecast, with the company’s net profit of q4 increasing at a high rate of 73% per year. Since 2020q2, the downstream demand for engineering machinery has continued to rise, according to our research.
In 2020, the pump industry is expected to sell at the same rate + 50%; the blending industry is expected to sell at the same rate + 35%; wind and power is expected to build up the base building pull + replacement needs, large tons of cranes are in short supply, and some of the manufacturers are in the second half of the year.
With industry starting hours, upstream core parts manufacturers have good output and export targets, and we think that the industry’s turn-on in 2021 is a general event. The BMW orders of 12 companies continued to outnumber them in 2020, and the company’s performance of q1 was more certain.
▪ Post-cycle update peaks + strategic new business two-wheel drive, firm medium- and long-term growth dynamics, and excavators have become the fastest growing engine in the last two years. In 2019, companies accounted for 83 per cent of total corporate income, releasing elasticity and greater certainty in their performance as champions of the post-cycle.
The company's dynamic new business, awp plus earth machinery, is expected to contribute to the new growth point. In the field of high-altitude platforms, the company owns the industry's first high-altitude and high-arm platform, which is a full-scale, intelligent, liquid water operation that saves two thirds of its workforce. In 2020, the company's share of excavators was out of 2%, and it developed.
More than 30 agents, driven by domestic and cross-border demand, are expected to continue to increase their share.
The expansion of projects such as excavators, blenders, and key spare parts, in which management was involved in the acquisition of an increase in h shares, an over-examination of the fixed increase programme and the removal of the disincentives to corporate stock prices in recent months. At the same time, the company, as a leader in the post-engineering cycle, performed with great elasticity and faced a repair of valuations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The corporate industry is strong and will benefit from high-volume sales in the post-cycle + high-scale performance elasticity. We predict that the company's return programme will pass through 2020-2022, and that the post-cycle leadership will be evaluated
Many times, with reference to comparable listed companies, both domestic and foreign, we believe that the companype valuation was significantly underestimated, maintaining strong growth in performance and post-cycle growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board