The demand for the beneficiary sector remained high and the core business portfolio continued to grow high Events: companies issued an annual report forecast for 2020, with net profits of $7-7.5 billion for the year as a whole, demand for the beneficiary sector remained high and performance growth was high: the company expected to be real in 2020
This is mainly due to high demand from downstream industries, such as domestic infrastructure, new energy sources, product rotation and environmental upgrading, which boosts demand for equipment, while firm core block product orders and sales continue to grow. In addition, companies control spending on costs and produce on average as sales scale increases.
Increase in the market position for engineering and machinery products, and improvement in the volume and profit ratio of agricultural panels: increasing competitiveness in the market for core products of the Division, and changes in institutional mechanisms fully stimulating the sales workforce
Power, improvement of client service efficiency, concrete, especially pumps, maintaining the “one-to-two” status, building crane sales to the world's number one and engineering cranes to the best share of water for nearly five years, total equity/flow (million shares)
Ping, strategic business such as digging machines and high-altitude platforms creates market breakthroughs. After the epidemic this year, the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has risen food security to a critical position, the agro-machinery industry has begun to recover at the bottom, and companies have been able to innovate.
12 months of maximum/minimum amount of cooperation, continuous roll-out of new smart, high-end products, sales and profit margins
High growth, with excellent performance on all product lines.
With this increase, the company will upgrade its intellectual manufacturing level and upgrade its nuclear content.
Market expectations, continuous upgrading of the market position of companies The self-sufficiency of spare parts in the heart, further enhancing the integrated competitiveness of companies and promoting long-term corporate development - 2020/07/14
Qualification certificate code: Qualification certificate code:
For eight years, the representative of the financial sector has been called Robot Trends, among others. Before entering the financial sector, he has had a great deal of work experience.
Heart, in July 2017, was better placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Center, in September 2017, was better placed to take advantage of industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.