The market position of the company's product lines has continued to improve, with high growth in the performance of 2021q1 Events: the company published its annual report for 2020, which generated revenues of $6,5109 million over the year and increased the demand of the beneficiary industries to remain high and achieve high growth in performance: the company achieved revenue in 2020
With 65,109 million, an increase of 50.34 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $7,281 million for the mother, an increase in the demand for equipment, orders and sales for the company's core plate, etc. In addition, the company controls costs, on average, as the scale of sales increases.
Production costs and cost rates have fallen significantly over the same period. 2021q1 companies have achieved a profit of 2.2-2.6 billion, with a strong competitive advantage over the core business plate, and the market position has continued to rise: the market position of the core business of companies has continued to rise, and since 2020, the heavy machinery plate has earned $34.897 billion, the same amount.
High 12 months/lower than 57,57 per cent increase, with a steady global rise in the number one, and the roll-out of W2 generation products, highlighting the dominant position of the van, the start-up, the share of the market in automobile cranes and mounted cranes.
The Central and Central Joint Heavy Section (000157) "Dependant Industry Needs " is new high, with large tons of tracked crane products released until the second half of 2021; concrete machinery remains high and core business plates continue to be high.
Revenues increased by 36.56 per cent to $1,898 million, from which the share of long-arm pumps, vehicle pumps, blending stations was the first in the industry and the share of blending vehicles was raised to the top three in the industry.
The new business block of engineering machinery has continued to grow, and the agricultural sector has reached a rapid period of growth: the company has continued to grow up and its product lines are performing well.
-20/10/14 Increased sales of excavators to the sixth place of national production; fast completion of high machine products, Quest 2020, Quasi Central Heavy Section (000157) semi-annually overperformed
In 2020, the agro-mechanical industry began to rise, and the company’s market is expected to continue to rise.
The agricultural industry is expected to continue to rise, and the growth of the company’s agro-mechanics is fast-growing. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we expect the company’s net profits to double in 2021-2023 and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Practicing Qualifications Code: Practicing Qualifications Code: The market position of the company ' s product lines has continued to improve, with high performance growth of 2021q1
The market position of the company’s product lines has continued to improve, with industry research, with high performance growth of 2021q1, specializing in industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates.
Heart, in July 2017, was better placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Center, in September 2017, was better placed to take advantage of industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.