Downstream capital needs, high-quality corporate performance The WC Section (000157.sz) event: The company issued a performance forecast for 2020. According to the announcement, the company will return in 2020.
Corporate ownership is growing at a high rate, and demand for products is rising. Although the first half of 2020 was affected by the epidemic and the start of engineering and the sale of engineering machinery declined to varying degrees during the first quarter of the year, the recovery of the country’s work has been rapidly recovering, with limited impact on company performance.
Van, think about the multiple beneficial drivers of equipment upgrades, mechanical replacements, etc., the company’s core plate product needs to grow at a high rate.
Product competitiveness has been further enhanced, with the first three quarters of concrete machinery and cranes receiving 84 per cent and 55 per cent, respectively, of the same year, while overall sales in the engineering and machinery industry have remained steady in the fourth quarter, so we expect that the above-mentioned operations will provide a significant boost to corporate performance throughout the year.
Corporate profitability is growing and costs are falling. The company’s overall deepening of cost-control has had a remarkable effect, both in terms of high-speed and high-quality development, and has contributed positively to the company’s rising net profit ratio.
The end-of-side management model, which streamlines the middle of the business and the customer, has led to a significant decline in the sales cost ratio. At the same time, companies have reduced the level of their liabilities by improving the efficiency of the use of their funds, and financial costs have also decreased significantly compared to the same period in the previous year.
The average production costs and cost rates have fallen significantly over the same period, and the scale effects have increased, and we expect that corporate profitability will increase further in the future, under the control of efficiency gains.
In 2020, the company’s emerging portfolio became fully dynamic in terms of product innovation, business models, and service networks, and the volume of product sales has risen and the market position has risen significantly. Companies began to engage in high-altitude platforms in 2019, with phased results in 2020, with market shares stabilized in the previous three quarters.
The first industry team is expected to continue to make a market breakthrough in the future. At the same time, the company is going to raise $2.4 billion, with a total investment of $3.08 billion in mechanical intelligence-making projects, which, with the help of old and new infrastructure, will be a new performance growth point.
Agriculture, defining the strategic direction of the transformation of agricultural machines from traditional to high-tech agricultural machines, increasing efforts in research and development of smart agricultural machines, constantly introducing new smart products and promoting artificial intelligence in the field of agricultural machinery landings, future agro-machine business or becoming a new growth point in corporate performance.
Investment proposal: We believe that the company, as a leading firm in concrete machinery products, is expected to follow the process of upgrading the replacement cycle, and that the concrete machine business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. The crane business, as a corporate fist product, will continue to be a national leader, while at the same time, “one country, one”
Under the differentiated market strategy of “a regional approach”, crane export revenues are expected to continue to grow in reverse, supporting the company's performance throughout the year. We expect that by 2020-2022 the company will realize its commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects its research views.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect connection to the report’s specific recommendations or views. Lee Liang’s Head of the Mechanical and Industrial Industry Group, the first in the financial world, The Wise Eye, the first in the Defence Force Industry, and the fourth in the New Wealth and Industrial Corps in 2015.
Master of Arts, University of Law and Technology, Japan. Bachelor of Science, Harbin Industrial University. Joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.