The performance forecast for the same year, the new and the old business, and the evaluation of the performance forecast for 2020 for the Central and Central United Nations Office at Geneva issued a performance forecast for the year 2020 on 21 January, which is expected to result in net returns to shareholders in listed companies by 2020.
Net profits are expected to grow significantly over the course of 20 years, and efficiency gains in management upgrades are expected to rise significantly. According to corporate performance forecasts, net returns in 2020 are expected to rise to the highest level in the industry up-to-date cycle since 2012.
The trend of high growth has been maintained throughout the quarter. The net profits of the company have increased by or greater than the rate of recovery throughout the year, mainly because the company has continuously upgraded its intellectual manufacturing level through enhanced supply chain management and security, has tightened its spending on costs, and has achieved a significant decline in average production costs and cost rates over the same period of time after the volume of products sold has been released.
The Unit has benefited fully from the high profile of the industry as compared to the 300-degree trend in capital projects and product renewals. The engineering and machinery landscape continues unabated, driven by a policy of “two new weights” construction and steady real estate growth.
In addition, the natural replacement of engineering machinery products and the upgrading of emission standards have driven the need for equipment. The replacement process is expected to accelerate once the four standards for non-road mobile machines are in place.
The company's main business is cranes and concrete equipment, which together accounted for 83% of the total revenue in 2019. The company's concrete equipment is one of the country's two-hulls, the cranes are the top three in the industry, and the tower cranes are the country's dragons.
Post-work cycle varieties will be gradually released as construction progresses on the current round. In addition, new businesses such as company excavators, high machines, etc. are breaking through, with a number of forces in product innovation, business models, market layouts, service networks, product sales and market status rising, while companies are constantly introducing new products of smart farming machines and innovation in upstream-downstream cooperation models.
Agricultural machine sales and profitability have also improved, and new business dynamics are expected to create new flexibility space for company performance. Research Assistant: Lighten up. Concrete equipment products industry is well placed, with better certainty as a species growth in the post-cycle over 21 years.
There is plenty of room for new business development, such as machines, high machines, and agricultural machines. There is still room for improvement in valuations, compared to a 23.12-fold valuation of a comparable three-time job of a company. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating. Industry demand is lower than expected, industry competition is increasing, and new business markets are being opened with uncertainty.
Master ' s degree (M.A.), in 2020, in civil securities; Kwang King, Research Assistant, six years of experience in securities funds, covering engineering machinery, photovoltaic equipment, lithium electric equipment, and Master ' s degree in applied statistics, University of South China, 2020, in allied civil securities.
Zhang Jian, Research Assistant, covering, inter alia, general-purpose equipment, photovoltaic equipment, oil-coat equipment, Master ' s degree from the Central University of Finance and Economics, entry-level civil security securities in 2020. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.