A+h shares are set to rise, and the industrial chain layout contributes to the new growth pole.
a+h shares add up, industry chain layout contributes to the new growth poles
Eight institutions, listed on February 10, 2021, have a six-month sales limit. Management signed the subscription plan on September 29, 2020, and the release management has confidence in the company’s medium- and long-term development.
The expansion of projects, such as spare parts, has helped companies to improve the layout of the industrial ecological chain, further stimulate business activity and contribute to the new growth in performance.
High-speed growth. In conjunction with industrial chain research and our judgment, the engineering and machinery industry is expected to work in 2021 in conjunction with the number of hours the industry has started, and the upstream core spare parts manufacturers have good output and export targets, and we believe that industry demand remains strong.
By the first two quarters of 2021, revenues will be realized, the industry downstream will continue, corporate q1 and full post-emerging cycle update peaks + new strategic business two-wheel drive, firm medium- and long-term growth momentum is strong, excavators are the fastest growing species in the last two years.
The company is active in a new business, awp plus earth machinery, and is expected to contribute to a new growth point. In the field of high-altitude operating platforms, the company owns the industry’s first high-end and high-arm platform, full-time engineering intelligence.
By 2020, the company's share of the excavators had exceeded 2%, and more than 30 agents had developed, and the share was expected to increase continuously, driven by domestic and cross-country demand.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the corporate industry was well established and would benefit from the sale of post-cycle varieties.
High-volume-plus-scale effects have a high degree of elasticity in performance. We predict a doubling of corporate returns between 2020 and 2022, using national and international comparable listings, and we believe that corporatepe valuations are significantly underestimated, leaving the program over-examining and post-cycle taps being estimated.
Value repair 2020-12-08 Performances maintained strong growth and post-cycle booms (Note: Trinity, Standing, Central Union, Doo-Wu Forecast, Carter, Song-Bloomberg Unanimous Forecast)
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board