H shares have increased rapidly, demonstrating management confidence, multi-products and nationalization strategies to create a new China-Cultural H stock build-up: on 3 February 2021, the company completed its mission to Hong Kong, a fully financed subsidiary of Changsha.
The issuance of 19.3757 million shares of the general unit h at a price of $5.863 per unit, the total amount of money released and the consideration of the additional bill for the issuance of the unit h on 29 January, which was approved by the CVM on 18 January, has now been completed, with only a rapid increase in the number of h units and a rapid increase in management confidence; three core products have been postponed
The rapid completion of more than four months of company h shares has contributed to the acceleration of the corporate development strategy, which has resulted in a further overall increase in corporate market share through the continuation of the boom; greater productivity can better stimulate the dynamism and visibility of the company in the capital market. This is the first time that company management has a large share in the capital market.
After that, it will account for about 2.4% of the total equity of the company and maintain a six-month lock for regular periods in the context of open-ended regular requirements, highlighting the firm confidence of corporate management in future sustainable and high-quality development, which will be used for the procurement of core spare parts and spare parts.
Replenishment of liquidity, overseas market expansion, and overseas base-building will help companies to accelerate the pace of internationalization and build a more complete industrial ecosystem. The three core products will continue their high profile for 21 years, and the company’s market share is expected to increase further.
In 20 years, concrete pump sales are expected to increase by more than 50 per cent over the same period, reaching the peak level of the previous round, while engineering and mechanical products such as excavators, car cranes, etc., have significantly exceeded the peak level of the previous round, and we believe that concrete pump vehicles will remain strong over the next 2-3 years, driven by equipment replacements, environmental upgrades in the country's six, steady growth in investment, machine replacements, etc.
Quest; concrete mixers, driven by superdrives, will bring significant incremental equipment requirements, with greater certainty over the next 2-3 years. Battery sales are not expected to reach the peak level of the last round of sales for 20 years. As a result of higher pcification rates, higher demands on the strength and accuracy of the equipment, construction units are more secure, and many construction firms are more involved in equipment production.
The number of years has begun to be clearly defined, which will accelerate the replacement of the towers, and will continue to be relatively high for the next 2-3 years. Car cranes and tracked cranes have focused 21 years on changes in the structure of tonnage demand, wind power, petrochemicals, etc. High temperatures will result in continued fire from large-ton car hangs and straps, and large-ton equipment orders for the tap mainframe are more adequate.
Full, therefore, upwards of tonnage in a context of stable overall sales are also expected to lead to more than double-digit growth in industrial revenues. Twenty years of company-to-manager-to-manager changes, Internet-based thinking, three significant increases in market shares for core products, increasing overall market competitiveness for corporate products, and expected market shares for 21 years.
The multi-product strategy and the internationalization strategy continue to work, and it is hoped to create a new China-China alliance. Twenty years of full-scale corporate growth and a breakthrough in market positions.
Over 7,000 machines have been sold in 20 years, with a market share of over 2 per cent, and with the start of the intelligent excavation line in 21 years, it has been steady in the first echelons of the industry, it has been 20 years that it has been fully engaged in overseas markets such as South-East Asia and Europe, has been contracted with a number of local agents, has been certified securely in Europe, the United States and so on, and has been expected to grow strongly in 21 years.
Roll-out, with sustained high growth expected over the next few years, is expected to create a business block of more than 5 billion revenues; farmers are expected to accelerate their net debt ratios (%) (2021e) in terms of market space, profitability, higher food security focus and higher rates of urbanization worldwide
The intensive management of the present land and the need for high-end agricultural machinery and operational efficiency have increased the organization, distribution and profitability of high-end smart farming machines and smart agriculture over the past 20 years, which have improved significantly, and are most likely to become the genes and physical strength of the Chinese version of John Dyer; moreover, with the increasing power of earth machinery, the company is expected to accelerate the pace of internationalization in 21 years, with overseas cities.
With the company’s continued expansion of new business, the company’s new business plates, such as excavators, high-altitude platforms, agricultural machines, and so on, will continue to grow significantly over the next few years.
And the bigger it will be, the more profitable it will be, the more it will be, the more it will be expected that the internationalization strategy will work in the last two years, the firm's position as an excavator, the more it will be on a new level, and we believe that the multi-product strategy and the internationalization strategy can smooth out the small fluctuations in the demand for the Division's three traditional engineering and mechanical products, and hopefully create a new central link.
The Central and Central Intensive Section: The three core products are sold out, the new business is active through the industry cycle. 20210122.
The global epidemic continues to ferment, industry competition increases, capital and real estate investments fall short of expectations, and environmental protection and treatment are outpaced.