Sinot steel (000708); past the epidemic, Sinot steel, top-top retray, how did the world's leading super-styrene conglomerate come out? At the start, depending on new imports from abroad.
Advanced equipment and business concepts, development paths of scale, specialization, high-end, product combinations, large-scale special steel enterprises, global steel cover, high-value, low-cost features, developed into the leading steel production in the country in just a few years.
In the long term, the company is able to adapt to the market base based on agglomerations, model steel, and high-temperature convergence.
Special steels such as gold, whose products are directed mainly to cars, oil, machines, and so on. The extended M&A period, based on clarity, has led to two cross-cutting growths through M&As.
Each time the acquisition was completed, the production and sale of the units were optimized, and the operational benefits of the units acquired were significantly improved. Since then, the company has become the world’s leading special steel production consortium.
On September 21, 2020, the stock limit (directed increase) was 13 million tons, covering the automotive, mechanical, railing, energy, military and industrial industries downstream.
More often and more fragmented, and therefore more resilient to economic cycles or industrial fluctuations. When demand is depressed, firms, with their professional advantage, occupy more markets through product or price sunks, the Matthews effect debt and cross-share presentations:
It is highlighted that the development of new varieties has continued vigorously, with more than 60 per cent of the city’s total market share in such subsectors as high-standard bearing steel and high-end automobile steel. While the market price of the dominant utensils has been somewhat synchronized with the rise and fall of the popular steel, the company’s profitability has improved steadily with the high-end product layout.
Through the epidemic, the S.E.L.D. has a new opportunity to upgrade the industry. There is much room for the company to grow downstream. After the epidemic, the country is on a fast track to upgrade its industry. The high-end equipment manufacturing industry, represented by auto mechanics, energy, and military industry, will continue to expand.
Business cash flows and monetary funds are strong, coupled with rich M & As experience, to support more outreach M & As in the future. Subtracting efficiency gains, management upgrades, etc., continues to reduce costs and increase the value of the enterprise itself.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: semi-annual performance forecasts show that companies are less affected by the epidemic.
"How does the world's leading super-styrene conglomerate come to life? 1.1 Beginning stage: Professional, “high” and “low” competitiveness.
A joint venture with the Iron and Steel Co. Ltd. (Semble and Steel Co. Ltd.), known as the "Smart Steel" . The large number and size of the special steel product, mostly based on small quantities, have resulted in high production costs for the traditional modeled steel industry, while the quality of the product has been difficult to achieve professional upgrading.
High-value, low-cost features have developed into the country’s leading steel-producing industry in just a few years. On 3 December 1993, Sengchent steel was officially listed, bringing a modern “four-in-one” series of short-runs from Germany on the whole line, producing 1.41 million tons of steel, more than 90% of Uttex steel, and 65% of alloy steel.
In 1998, the company broke the “can't make axle steel” to produce axle steel that meets national standards and user needs, and to bring the quality of the axle steel up to international authority standards. Since then, the development of the steel has broken down, with five series and nine steel species developed in 1999 and another seven series and 11 steel species developed in 2000.
In 2000, eight indicators, namely, steel production, steel production and smelting, steel production per capita, per capita tax on profits, per capita income generation, financial return rates, total production productivity, and so forth, ranked first in the country’s special steel industry, making it the best-performing company in the country’s special steel industry.
The early twenty-first century was a golden period for the rapid development of the country's automobiles, machinery, ships, etc., and other equipment. Companies competed on the basis of their size and specialization.
At the same time, with the transformation of our manufacturing industry and the upgrading of consumption, the company’s product structure has continued to expand to higher ends, with a rising share of high-end varieties. So far, Singjian Steel (the old) has more than 8,500 employees with 5 million tons of iron, 6.9 million tons of steel and 6.6 million tons of wood per year.
Production scale. Production capacity with 7 bars, 2 medium-plate lines of production, various specifications of "sticks, wires, plates, slabs" and various processes such as casting, molding, slags, double vacuums, etc. Products are mainly bearing steel, gear steel, spring steel, super plate, container steel, pipe-line steel, high-strength-resistant steel, etc. and are widely used in petrochemicals,
Engineering machinery, automobile steel, high-speed railways, marine engineering, wind power generation, new energy, etc. Companies are highly competitive in their products and have a very high rate of domestic ownership in automobiles using steel, bearing steel, oil rigs, high-strength chain steel and hyper-broadness casting.
Table 1: The main product of the Xingcheng steel, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Sintet Steel (000708), has passed the epidemic, and hundreds of millions of dragons have come up with new opportunities for industrial upgrading.
The main applications are wind power, petrochemicals, boilers, mechanics.
Large-scale equipment such as manufacturing, railways, etc. 1.3 Extensions and acquisitions: model, simple copying to achieve cross-cutting growth Company, based on elucidation, achieved two cross-cutting growths through extended M&As: (1) M&A acquisition of large smelting steel, stone steel; (2) acquisition of green steel
In 2004, with the approval of the National Development Council and the Ministry of Commerce, Sino-Tayfo Ltd. formally acquired the steel plate assets of the Sino-Tayfo Group.
As a result, the new smelting steel has been transformed from a “general steel” to a “special steel”, a “conventional steel” to a “high-end steel” and a seamless pipe from a “general” to a “special” approach. Twenty-two indicators of new smelting steel have entered the top five in the national industry, 63 indicators have entered the top five, leading products in high-speed railways, gear steel has taken up half of the country’s market share, bearing steel and spring steel have been sold in one third.
In mid-2005, Nobuyasu acquired 65% of the equity in Stone Mansion steel, adding 2.2 million tons of UT steel capacity, and sold it to river steel in 2010. In May 2008, the Sino-Tefute Steel Group, which combines relevant subsidiaries such as Schoonte steel, new smelting steel, bronze aromatics, and Tyfu in Yangzhou, was formally formed to form a strategic layout along the river chain.
In June 2017, Qingjima steel was purchased, adding 3 million tons of Qingjiang steel capacity, bringing about a strategic upgrade from the river to the industry's layout. Qingjia steel lost 3,616 million yuan in 2016, sprained in 2018 and made a net profit of $1,001 million in 2019.
Competitiveness has been enhanced by complementarity.
Figure 6: The net profit of Qingdao Tetse steel has been growing continuously since the acquisition 2.100 refined steel: scalding, specialization and high-end casting into QC 2.1: product diversification enhances resilience to risk
Steaming development in the SMART sector not only reduces costs, but product diversification also avoids fluctuations in individual industries. At present, Sino-Sinter steel has 13 million tons of special steel output and is the largest steel producer in the world, covering cars, machinery, rails, energy, military and industrial sectors.
The market is more fragmented, allowing the company to adjust its product structure in a timely manner to the market situation. In terms of the company’s revenue structure, 2017-2019, 2017.
The source of financial growth in the East, Sintet Steel (000708). Through the epidemic, hundreds of billions of dragons are approaching new opportunities for industrial upgrading. 2.2 Specialization: the Matthews effect highlights the advantages of professional development.
In times of market recession, specialized steel producers with technological, channel and profit advantages are often able to take up more markets by sinking products or prices, and the company’s core products are rising in the domestic market. For example, the Association of Special Steel Enterprises published in January-September 2019 a 7.47% reduction in the country’s crude steel production of axle steel. Mysteel studies show data on sand and steel, Ziru, Ben, Stone, Sining, Zin.
The production of bearing steel from steel plants like Bot, South Steel, etc. has declined, and production from leading suppliers, such as China, China, and Power, has increased slightly over the same period last year, with the market share of Sinte Steel increasing from 42% in 2018 to 44% in the same period in 2019.
Figure 13: Market share of our axle steel producers, January-October 2018 2.3 high end: high end product positioning to guarantee profit stability 2.3.1 ratio of high end products to high end product upgrading from high R & D inputs
Companies continue to develop new varieties, and the amount of new products continues to grow. In the case of big smelting steel, slicing steel, the share of new products in total production in the past was at least 10%. Companies and their major affiliates were identified for many years as high-tech companies, with their share of research and development inputs and tons of steel far higher than their counterparts average.
With a rate of more than 60%, high-end product structure is one of the major factors in the growth of the company’s countercyclical growth. In the case of high-end steel rods, as world-renowned bearings, companies provide high-quality steel to international brand bearings such as kf, shaffler, nsk, ntn-snr.
Axle bearing steel is sold first, producing high-quality steel bearings that are identified by the National Ministry of Industry and Communications as “single champions.” The market for high-end automobile steel has been dominated by tons of tacks of corset wire and 400,000 tons of lined steel, with more than 20 per cent of the market for cold-coated steel wires, curtain wires and steel. In 2019, the company's R & D input accounted for 3.84 per cent of operating income, an increase of 0.24 percentage points from 2018.
A number of key core materials, such as chain steel, 2000mpa-class bridge cable steel, 2200mpa-grade ultra-high-strength spring wire, 4,000mpa-grade super-high-strength line steel, super-eastern financial and intellectual sources, pure lined bearing steel, 42crmoe slag steel, special seamless tubes, high-temperature alloys and special stainless steel, are being developed and developed.
Qualitative certification, high-end customer development and import substitution have all made ground-breaking progress. Item: moderated revision of five national or industry standards. Participated in revision of seven national or industry standards: 154 authorized patents. 791 cumulative, 167 inventions and one authorized international invention patent.
Figure 16: Large smelting steels maintain about 10 per cent of new products per year. Figure 17: Market share of products represented by companies. Figure 18: Ton steel R & D costs of listed steel companies in 2018 ($/tons)
Figure 19: Sustained growth in the number of authorized patents of companies 2.3.2 Strong bargaining power to create a pricing model that resembles “cost-plus”
The improvement in performance is largely based on: (1) company regulation of product structure, increased research and development of higher value-added products, and weak price volatility since 2012; (2) firm ' s high market share of core products gives the company a very strong bargaining power downstream, and a stable Māori ratio allows the company ' s product to have a price-fixing model similar to that of a "cost-plus".
We believe that companies can still expect to maintain relatively reasonable levels of profits from steel on the basis of specialization and high-end operations when the future steel industry is down. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is the financial boom.
Figure 21: More stable Māori sales of steel products from large smelting bases Figure 22: Net profit from sedanization bases Figure 23: Māori rates from large smelting bases and smelting steel
3. Through the epidemic: a new opportunity for industrial upgrading has emerged from the Special Steel Dragons. 3.1 The upgrading of the manufacturing sector and the resonance of the Jugra cycle with the demand for the boom. The country ' s rapid pace of industrial upgrading in the post-urbanization period will continue to expand in the high-end equipment manufacturing industry, which is represented by automobile machinery, energy and military industry.
In the first half of the year, affected by the epidemic, the country recorded a cumulative decline in vehicle production and sales of 16.8% and 16.9%, respectively, although the volume of automobile sales since April is accelerating. There is still much room for growth in the volume of automobile sales compared to developed countries. In the second half of 2020, the company’s sales revenue is expected to gradually improve against the backdrop of high engineering and machinery and car warming.
Global fixed-asset investment in 2020 is at the beginning of a new round of the Chugra cycle, which strongly supports the demand for equipment, such as engineering and machinery. According to the industry statistics of the China Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, the 25 major mechanisms that were included in the statistics in January-June 2020 created businesses that sold each other.
With 17.8% more than 24.2% more than the same year, the peak of 10,000 vehicles and a population analogy of 330 million will be conservatively calculated as the country’s future peak for more than 40 million vehicles.
Figure 24: The world is at the beginning of a new round of the Jugra cycle, Figure 25: We maintain a high level of internal and external sales of engineering machinery, Figure 26: Our vehicle sales reach a staged platform period
Figure 27: A record high of automobile sales in the United States in 2018: Figure 28: Our vehicle sales are improving month by month, Figure 29: Our investment in the equipment manufacturing industry is recovering
The release of high-quality productive capacity will increase revenue, improve performance, and the company’s future growth will be more certain. The company has initiated the continuation of the Qingdao Steel Environmental Relocation Project, which plans to produce 500,000 tons of line steel, tire steel, 500,000 tons of welds and 130,000 tons of steel annually.
Tons of material, expected to be produced in the second half of 2021. The high-quality model steel production line project at the New Metallurgical Base is expected to be operational in 2020, allowing for the production of 30,000 tons of new special metallurgical products in the year. Qingdao Base: the project is located in the Qingjia steel plant area of the new economic zone on the west coast of Qingdao City, adjacent to Dong Jiaguchi Port, with a total investment of $4,983 million
1 100t conversion furnace and accompanying dethiophos, refining facilities; 2 swarms; 2 high-lines. The project was completed, with an annual operating income of $5 billion and a normal net annual profit of $600 million. The internal rate of return (after tax) on the project ' s investment was 13.4 per cent and the investment recovery period of 8.7 years.
High temperature/erobic alloys, special stainless steel and high-end steel are used in the industry.
At present, in both our steel and steel industries, production concentration is much lower than in developed countries, and there is much room for future upgrades. Incentives for technology, management, profitability, operating cash flow, and money capital, coupled with companies’ rich experience of merger integration, are not the only ones with much of the potential for increasing production.
By the end of 2019, the company had recorded monetary funds of $7,838 million, or 14.59 per cent of total assets. Monetary funds, receivables, receivables financing and inventory were four.
The combined share of total assets is 36.72%, indicating that companies have a strong liquidity capacity and a high operational security margin. Annual production accounts for less than 20% of the total production of premium steel in the country’s priority steel enterprises, while the top five enterprises account for less than 50%, or less, of the country’s total premium steel production.
Figure 30: Japan ' s special steel industry has undergone many restructurings in the post-urbanization period
Table 3: Mainly good steel companies and productive capacities in the country with incomplete statistics
When aggregate growth in the industry slows down, lifting efficiency becomes one of the important tools for firms to increase their value. When they merge steel, Qingjia, the company adapts its original fuel procurement strategy in a timely manner to reduce the cost of purchasing and sets its energy mitigation targets. The company has set 2019 as a “year of efficiency gains,” with a 13% real reduction in ton steel operating costs in the context of a significant increase in iron ore prices.
Companies still have some scope for cost-cutting from many angles, such as the original fuel and the cost of the period. Companies set 2020 as a “manager year” and continue to dig deep into their potential. We expect to continue to reduce the company’s ton cost of steel in 2020, which is conducive to the maintenance of the company’s high Māori rate.
Real operating costs fell by 13%. Of this, 15.1%, 15.0%, and 10.0%, respectively, for ton steel raw materials and fuel power costs.In 2020, companies continued to drive down efficiency gains, and the cost of a period of strict corporate control in the first quarter fell by nearly 340 million, compared to 2019.
Costs, R & D, and financial costs have fallen by 122 million, 133 million, and 97 million, respectively, over the previous year, and sales costs have increased by a small amount of $12 million. Looking forward to 2021, iron ore represents a smoothing of supply and demand, while the costs of iron and steel scrap, coke, and coke will continue to be weaker and will benefit from the company’s product resilience, and we expect the company’s M & A rate to improve or continue to improve.
Figure 32: Māori ratio of major products (%): Tonne steel cost of company-specific steel products ($/t) Figure 34: Ton steel period cost of company-owned steel
Figure 35: Iron ore shipments from the four main mines (tonnes per week)
Given that we currently produce less than 10% of total crude steel, compared to 20-25% of the special steel in the manufacturing powers of Japan, Germany, and others, we believe that the steel is a growing industry, and that there is much room for companies to grow. At the same time, companies have been tested for downswings in the car market and for epidemics, and the market share of core products has increased further, and their growth has been more definite under the Matthews effect. We have set the average return on the stock market.
Table 5: Valuation of the dcf model of Sintex Steel 1, Price risk of raw materials; 2, Macroeconomic risk; 3, Enterprise risk.
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the East is a source of deep-seated securities, and the East is a source of deep-seated steel in the Middle East: through the epidemic, hundreds of billions of dragons are coming to a new opportunity for industrial upgrading.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the Sinot Steel in the Middle East (000708); after the epidemic, hundreds of millions of dragons have come up with new opportunities for industrial upgrading.
Rhodes, cfa, has three years of experience in the chemical industry. A number of international leading academic journals, with five national and international patents, international top crystals, second and first in the public list in 2017, crystal ball in 2018, new analysis in 2019.
First three A's second place in the Eastern Wealth Chemical Industry.
Doctor of Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, 2015-2018, product development and research in bottling steel, in-depth understanding and research on the products, technologies and production of the steel industry, May 2018, ACS.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.