Sinot Steel (000708), through an outbreak test, looks forward to re-launching Sinot Steel.
The advantages of scale and specialization highlight the firm ' s robust business performance in 2020h1. Thanks to the advantages of scale and specialization, companies have demonstrated strong resistance to economic cycles and industries in the face of the epidemic.
The ability to fluctuate and the market share of the special steel is rising in reverse. 2020h1 produces and sells merchandise material covering a variety of special steel products with a wide range of products, 7.13 million tons and 6.67 million tons, which basically completes 50% of the annual business plan.
Base. Special steels, such as bearing steel, model steel, high-temperature gold, are mainly produced in October for cars, oil, machines, and model steel lines, with year-round targets. We expect to be in the second half of 2020.
The company’s sales market will be gradually improved against the backdrop of high engineering and machinery and car warming. The promise of management upgrades will be honoured, and the company’s profitability of 2020h1 will be stabilized.
On September 21, 2020, stock restrictions (directed increases) were reduced by 0.06 percentage points. In the face of the epidemic, companies showed great profitability, mainly due to (1) the high end of the company ' s product structure and the market in the downstream segment of the industry.
(b) Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: (c) the impact of excessive prices; and (c) the company's continued promotion of lower efficiency gains, to be used as a “management uplift year” in 2020.
The epidemic has affected the quality of the company’s operations, and the return to work has improved considerably. The net cash flow of the company’s operations has increased from $436 million in 2020q1 to 2,665 million in q2, largely in relation to the company’s net profits, and we believe that the quality of the company’s operations will continue to improve as it returns downstream.
1. The advantages of size and specialization highlighted by the company ' s robust business performance in 2020h1 are almost 50% of the annual business plan, highlighting its ability to withstand economic cycles and industrial fluctuations. During the reporting period, 2.42 million tons of coke were produced,
In the first half of the year, the company completed a total sale of 3.53 million tons of iron, 5.84 million tons of steel, 7.12 million tons of steel, and 7.13 million tons of merchandise materials, including 310,000 tons of raw materials. The company completed the first half of the year, and the second half of the second half of the year, when it started manufacturing and marketing, and the company is expected to achieve its production and sales objectives throughout the year.
The cumulative decline in production and sales was 16.8% and 16.9%, respectively, respectively, and during the same period, the country maintained a high rate of growth in the volume of engineering machinery sales, which in part offsets the decline in the demand for cars. Since April, the volume of automobile sales has been accelerating, and we expect that the company’s sales market will gradually improve in the second half of 2020 against a backdrop of high engineering machinery and car warming.
Figure 6: The production and sale of cars in our country are improving on a monthly basis, with a cumulative decline of 1.68% over the same year and 3.35% over the same year.
We believe that companies have the following competitive advantages: (1) they have a strategy of professional development, have a technological and cost advantage, and are able to take up more markets at a time of depressed demand through the downing of product prices. (2) As a result of the company’s production and marketing along the river coast, none of the companies affected by the epidemic have been hampered by logistics.
2. The company’s profitability in 2020h1 is stable, increasing by 0.06 percentage points. In the face of the epidemic, the company has shown a very high level of profitability, mainly for the following reasons: (1)
At the top of the product structure, the market share in downstream segmented industries is in absolute vanguard, with 80 per cent being a direct sales model, closely linked to customers, and sales prices are expected to fall below market levels: (2) in the face of higher prices for raw materials such as iron ore, companies are actively pushing forward the original fuel base, and the operating cost of 2020h1 tons of steel, as measured by operating income and sales, published over the past six months, is not affected by excessive iron ore prices: (3) companies are continuing to push down efficiency gains.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Sintex steel (000708), which is expected to reboot through the epidemic test.
Figure 10: Decreased costs for 2020h1 on a year-on-year basis
3. The outbreak affected the quality of the company's operations and improved its recovery and post-partum performance significantly.
The epidemic has an impact on the net cash flow and receivables of the company ' s operations, but it has improved significantly over the first quarter of the second quarter. From the 2020q2 and 2020q1 quarterly operations, the net cash flows and accounts receivable ratios of the company ' s operations have improved significantly: (1) the net cash flows of the company ' s operations have increased from $436 million in 2020q1 to $2,665 million, largely matching the company ' s net profits, but have declined from the same period in 2019.
We believe that the company ' s operating cash flow and receivables will continue to improve continuously with the return of downstream work, and that, as a result of the epidemic, the company ' s inventory turnover and business cycles have increased significantly, from 32.91 days in 2019 to 56.14 days in 2020h1 and 46.84 days in 2019 to 9.28 days in 2020h1 respectively.
Days, business cycles and accounts receivable swing days are significantly lower than 2020q1, while stock turnover, accounts receivable turnover and total asset weeks
Since the resumption of domestic production, the prices of the market ' s dominant special steel varieties have recovered. We expect the company to be operational in 2020-2022, as the share of the country ' s fine steel production in total crude steel production is currently less than 10 per cent, compared to the 20-25 per cent special steel in manufacturing countries such as Japan and Germany.
We believe that, as a growing segment of the industry, there is much room for market growth. At the same time, the company has gone through the full test of the downside of the car market and the epidemic, the market share of the core product has increased further, and the growth of the company has become more certain under the Matthews effect. We set the average rate of return for the stock market, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
1 - Material price risk; 2 - macroeconomic risk; 3 - Business risk.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Sintet Steel (000708). Through the epidemic test, looking forward to re-launching, Zhang Qing Qing, Ph.D. in Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, rich in scientific research in the field of new metal and metal materials, and more than 10 new editions of metal during the course of the school year.
Academic papers in relevant areas of material, including five sci papers published in the first author's capacity (cumulative impact factor > if > 10); product development and research in Treasure Steel, 2015-2018, during which research and development of a number of new products was conducted or participated in and applied to national priority engineering projects, with deep knowledge and understanding of the operation of material enterprises, including steel; and the accession of Toghem securities in May 2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.