Pil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Technology.
RamsyTech (300433.ch): Quarters of steady profits, growth, setting the tone for the year 2025.
• Re-stated the “buy-in” rating of LanthyTech: We maintain our previous basic judgement on LanthyTech that the company is expected to continue its strong growth in the next three quarters of this year. 1) The re-engineering of the new architecture, appearances, etc. of the big clients will drive the blues-related industry in the second half of this year.
The country's Andre clients in assembly, new energy vehicles, iot, and the growth of Huang Jia Qi's products will bring about rapid growth for Lance in the next two years.
• Long-term growth of smallpox will be realized and the profits will grow steadily in the quarter: RamsyTech earns 17.1 billion yuan in a quarter, 22 April 2025
The same-year increase of 10 per cent, a 28 per cent decline in the ring ratio, was driven mainly by the new model of large clients and by business such as Andre's customer assembly. The Māori rate was 12.8 per cent, a 0.3 percentage point increase, a 0.9 percentage point decline in the ring. The company cost rate was 9.4 per cent, a 0.3 percentage increase.
R & D costs increase. R & D net profits in the first quarter of Lance are $430 million, a 39% increase in the same year, a 66% decline in the ring, a strong increase in the same year. Based on corporate performance and outlook, we adjust our performance profile and outlook to: 1) the potential impact on the United States tariff at present.
The average value on March (million yuan) is smaller. Because companies export less directly to the United States and are globalized through overseas production and distribution, such as in Vietnam, Mexico, Thailand.
Stable. The new model is expected to improve the profitability of the metal business in the first quarter. It will be ready for production in May. 3) The company's super thin glue glass is working with car customers to open and authenticate and is expected to be released in the next two years.
Valuation: We value Lance using the segment plus general valuation method. Rance will be given smart phones and computer classes, new energy vehicles and smart cabins, smart head display and intellectual investment risk in 2025: demand for consumer electronics, such as smart phones, has recovered less than expected and has grown more.
There has been a weak growth in the volume of new domestic and foreign energy vehicles. Industry competition has increased again, and firms have been depressed in profit margins, with a slower recovery than expected.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
The demand for smartphones, both domestic and foreign, is strong, leading to higher-than-expected shipments of metals, bouncing, assembly, etc.
(a) Weaknesses in the delivery of products such as metals, glass, assembly, etc.;
Robots, ai glasses, pc assembly, etc.; Robots, ai glasses, pc assembly, etc., have smaller volumes of new business; Corporate cost controls are superior.
The recipients of this report, by accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), express and guarantee their right to receive this report under the following conditions and agree to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]