The first quarter of the year, 2025, reports a review of the diversity of postures and performance growth dynamics in the "A" era.
Events: On April 17, LansyTech released its First Quarterly Report 2025. During the reporting period, companies experienced good trends in diversity and strong performance growth dynamics. According to idc, 2025q1 global wisdom \triangleright
Among them, China’s market was particularly prominent because of a vigorous consumption stimulus policy. In the first quarter of 2025, China’s smartphone market grew by 3.3% on the same basis.
The higher view, especially the continued growth of the company’s core clients, apples, millet, etc., continued the growth momentum since last year, with significant growth in the first quarter of the year 2025. Currently, corporate diversification is well under way, with business systems such as mobile phones, computers, clothing, cars, robots, etc.
Looking ahead, China’s consumer subsidies are expected to continue and increase in the medium term, to develop or redefine consumer electronic terminals, and to boost the growth of the core of the robotic drive, robotics, etc.
The capital structure continues to be optimized, and research and development is increasing. By 2025q1, the capital structure of companies has increased their research and development efforts by the quarter, at a cost of $791 million, an increase of 37.6 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the table, we looked at the company's development prospects in this area, and we maintained the “buy-for-Lance Science and Technology Year” assessment of the company: increased consumer e-business, i.e., less developed than expected risk; risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; short-term stock price fluctuations
A fast, human-shaped robotics, and so on, is a powerful consumer of electronics, a multi-dimensional development.
In November 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc.
Joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025 in the direction of semiconductors, etc., in the direction of storage chips, simulation chips, etc., servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.