LanthyTech (300433.ch): The year 2025, with its multiplicity of operations, is expected to lead to continued strong growth in performance. 1) Re-allocation of the new architecture, appearances, etc. of the major clients in the second half of this year.
The company's robotic business in 2024 is moving fast, working with head companies.
The company's layout in the field of robotics will also open up a growing ceiling for its operations. The stock-assembly business is now driving 4q24 revenue growth: 4q24 income from LanthsTech reached 23.7 billion yuan, a 14 per cent increase in the same year, 36 per cent in the ring, the highest income in a single quarter.
The company's Māori rate of 4q24 is 13.7%, down 0.6 percentage points, down 7.7 percentage points for the ring. In the case of cost control, it's more stable. In the second half of 2024, Lance is using smartphones and computers, new energy vehicles, new smart products, etc.
Almost all of the business sectors are growing. Based on the company's performance and outlook, we fine-tune the profit projections for 2025 and 2026.
It is expected that new models will be imported into the next two years to provide a new engine of growth. 2) The company is above the stage, generating more than $100 million in revenue. 3) The company will grow up with more than one product line in its many head clients.
Valuation: We value Lance using the branch plus general valuation method. Smart phones and computer classes, new energy cars and smart cabins, smart head displays and intellectual powerlessness for the year 2025, respectively. New energy automobile sales at home and abroad are growing weak. Industry competition is growing again, companies are becoming more competitive.
The growth in the company’s share of major business is weaker than expected. The growth in corporate diversification and cost increases are slower than expected, delaying performance.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected
The demand for consumer electronics, such as smart phones, has recovered less than expected.
The share of the assembly business has not increased as much as the expected growth of other smart end products has not increased as the expected growth of other smart end products.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.