LansyTech grew faster in 2024 with zero-sum synergies plus multi-wheel drive strategic prospects.
The company issued its annual report in 2024, and the net profit from the collection/return to the mother grew faster. The vertical integration of the company’s industrial chain produced effective results, with more new growth points, guided by the multi-wheel drive strategy of “cost-free electronics plus smart cars plus human robots.” We believe that the company’s business prospects are good, and that the main reason for sustaining the growth of the company’s revenues in 2024 is that the vertical integration strategy works, and the assembly business is growing at a faster rate than the same time, and is imported.
At the same time, the efficiency gains of the company have been significant, with management/sales/financial cost rates falling by 0.63/0.23/0.52 percentage points, respectively. All major operations have experienced steady growth. By branch, smartphones and computer-type operations have collected $57.75 billion, a year-on-year increase.
28.6 per cent Māori, 15.1 per cent less than 0.5 percentage points less than the previous year. New items and projects were imported mainly in the whole assembly business, with 97.4 per cent increase in the collection of lans, mainly in the assembly business. Smart cars and cabin operations received $5.93 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent, Māori 10.2 per cent, a decrease of 5.3 percentage points from the same period, due to the middle-control module, surface panels, smart b and c columns, and filling.
Faster growth, for example, in electric poles; smart head displays and wearing-type operations, $3.49 billion, an increase of 12.4 per cent, Māori rate of 19.8 per cent, an increase of 4.6 percentage points, due to company appearances, structures, multiple high endai glasses and head displays; and other end-of-intellectual operations, an increase of 754.2 per cent, Māori rate of 19.8 per cent, an increase of 8.3 percentage points, mainly due to companies.
Vertically, vertically, vertically, vertically integrated industrial chains produce effective results, and corporate competitive advantages are reinforced. On consumer electronics, the whole assembly area has made great progress, leading to a near-fold increase in the harvest of Xianlanx; on human robots, companies can provide one for customers.
Station vertical integration services, in conjunction with client development or self-research of various parts and modules, continuously import their own parts and modules to increase the value of single machines; in the case of the ai/ar glasses, Lancet is a full-time assembly partner for Rokid glasses, covering the entire chain from the frame, mirrors, functional modules to the full automatic assembly of the full-chain coverage, while the company is working on the core components of the smart glasses, such as optical wave-guiding materials, micro-processing, etc.
Critical technological routes have broken, and technologies such as nanocrystal glass have been effective in enhancing the effect of the ai glasses. In the future, companies are expected to build business models that will continue to grow, leading to an increase in the self-acceptance of corporate glass, metal structures, and modules, and further vertical integration of the entire industry chain.
In the mirror area, the company entered into a strategic partnership with Rokid, a global company that provides full-chain parts and components manufacturing and whole-air assembly services; while the company and the Rokid strategy work together to expand from business cooperation to equity levels such as equity investment, cooperation funds, etc.
Rapid development is well organized; in the field of folding screens, the company has mastered the core utg and cpi manufacturing process, which is high, low, low, high, high, and high, with the capacity of Lancet Technologies (Hong Kong) Ltd. to attach protective film and combinations such as patches, chains, titanium aluminum alloys and glass backboards, which are applied to the amount of important Andre customers in the country.
In the area of human robotics, the company has worked with the national head robot company to provide one-stop vertical integration services for multifamily robotics, and it has formed a specialized team to develop structures such as human robotic joints, smart hands, torso, head casings and masks, using market prices as a standard on April 3, 2025.
Models. On January 21, 2025, LansyTech successfully delivered batches of Rhinox1 human robot-related products. As the company’s electronic assembly business grew slightly faster than previously expected, but the Maori rate was slightly lower than expected, we adjusted the company’s profit projections to a small scale; and considering the new US tariff policy, which created uncertainty, the impact on the company was more difficult to assess for the time being.
The risk of exchange rate fluctuations, the risk of managing integration, the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the risk of relative concentration of customers, and tariff policy incentives