BluesTech (300433.sz) Vertical integration of the whole industry chain, "Consumption Electronics+Intelligent Motors+Human Robots" multi-wheel drive, collected in 2024, homecoming net profits increased on a year-on-year basis, and investment in research and development increased.
Advance research and development has been carried out in the areas of folding screen phones, robotic robotics, ai glasses, smart cars, smart retailing, tgv toms, etc., pre-positioning of new core technologies, with the company ' s research and development costs of $2.785 billion in 2024. This is a 20.21 per cent increase over the previous year.
The industrial chain is integrated vertically, and the assembly business is growing rapidly. In 2024, smartphones and computer businesses grew by 28.6 per cent in the same year, and the assembled business income of the Xia Lanth grew by 97.4 per cent in the same year.
In terms of consumer electronics, ai mobile phone-driven switch needs: the number of folded screens is increasing, the value of single-stage products is increasing using new materials such as super-flexible glass utg. The company has a fast-volume folding mobile phone.
Structures and module capabilities, which are expected to benefit the market growth companies of the folder. Vertical integration of the industrial chain and global supply chain layout, with control modules, dashboards, intelligence, 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices
The b-column and c-pillars, charge poles, cabin decorations, wireless charger modules, etc. have been growing faster.
Delivery of human robotic products with deep participation in the production assembly and testing control of core components such as joints, dcu controllers, omnipicer, etc. of robotic rhinox1 robots. The company is based on research and development of new materials, binding components, touch control and fingerprinting modules, displaying modules, and precision assembly and data testing.
The advantage is to provide a one-stop vertical integration service for the robotics industry from design to volume production.
BluesTech (300433.sz)-3q24 net profit from mother-to-child growth, Māori ratio, BluesTech (300433.sz) - Deepening vertical integration of the industrial chain, ai-driven mobile phones, BluesTech (300433.sz)-1024 net profit from mother-to-child growth by 379%, ai
BluesTechnology (300433.sz)-Glassheads, New Energy Sector, Figure 1: Corporate Business Income and Co-Engineers, Figure 2: Corporate Business Income and Co-Engineers for the Month
Figure 5: Corporate single-quarter combined Māori rates, parent net interest rates, period cost rates Figure 6: Corporate single-quarter sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Author ensures that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author