Consumer e-platforms, the creation of human robotic paths -- a study on the dynamics of the company --
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn hepc@cfsc.com.cn divisional performance improvement is mainly due to the start of corporate vertical integration strategies in the industrial chain
Effective and fast-growing assembly operations. iphone 17air extremely light 5.5 mm, glass material resolution Program suppliers are expected to benefit
According to the information now available, the iPhone 17 series will launch four-type machines, including standard editions, air, pro, and max.
. The machine uses a 7000-symbol aluminum middle frame, followed by an innovative long runway design. iPhone17pro focuses on image performance enhancement, using a brand-new "horizontal large matrix" camera module with 48 million pixels.
And long-focal lenses, which support five times the optical change. The combination of 1/1.3 inches of sensors and gp bottling is expected to significantly enhance low-light photography. The pro and max models are expected to be designed using glass-to-metal combinations.
There is a steady lead in the areas of glass, ceramics, sapphire, metal, etc., structures and functional modules. In the current trend of light-quantified cell phones, companies are able to provide a variety of light materials, such as glass and fibre optics, for high-, medium- and low-end backboard mobile phones.
Solutions, with large-scale production capacity for light aluminium alloys, high-end titanium metal materials. In consumer electronics, companies work with customers such as apples, titanium, rice, popo, and vivo.
As the human robot industry erupts, the company's forward-looking layout is expected to become a platform for the creation of a body-intelligent core, with the rapid evolution of technology such as a big model, motion control, multi-model perception, etc.
The human robots are moving from a single function to a universal, intelligent approach.
Capability captures market pioneers, a1 robots with 49 degrees of freedom, exercise leading, Teslaoptimus reverts to autopilot technology, achieves homologism through simulations, aims to reduce costs by scale, plans for the future.
Land Mars; in the field of deep-deep farming industry, with group intelligence and modularization, smart hands are the first to make a commercial breakthrough in such contexts as car manufacturing. As a core implementing component of a man-shaped robot, the skill level of the robot is directly determined by its size.
Operation capability and range of applications. At present, 6-42 free hands are used by smart people on the market, with the ability to perform sophisticated operations. LansyTech has been setting up smart robots since 2016, extending from industrial robots to human machines.
So far, the company has successfully developed key building blocks such as joint modules, smart hands, bodies, dry shells, and has launched a global first-in-a-kind, all-in-the-box robot, "Ring-x-one." In the future, the company will rely on industrial robots.
We believe that in the future, the public administration is expected to become the largest core manufacturing platform of China's intelligent hardware.
Apple will launch the first folding screen, and the company's utg product is expected to go into the supply chain, and the apple's first folding screen is expected to be officially released in the second half of 2026.
It's a major innovation in the iPhone product line. The folding screen iPhone will be designed in a horizontal "book style" with an internal screen size of 7.76 inches, close to the display area of ipadmini, while the outer screen will be maintained at 5.49 inches.
Inch. With regard to folding screen technology, it is expected that the utg super thin glass panel will be used to achieve a visual experience of "zero folding marks". Lancet technology pre-positions the utg and cpi core of folding screens, which have been supplied to large domestic clients in bulk.
Cpi screens. At the same time, the company is the core supplier of the North American large client appearances and architectures and is actively cooperating with the client in the validation of the folding screen-related products, and the overall progress is now in line with expectations. We believe that the company is expected to build on the leading folds.
The screen technology, together with the provision of slogans from the stock of operations like glass covers and assembly, entered North America’s big, folded screen cellular supply chain. The pe is 23.1, 14.5, 11.1 times more than the pe, and we think that LanceTech did.
For the consumption of platforms in the electronics sector, firms are expected to continue to benefit from the overlap of products such as downstream mobile phones, pc, etc. At the same time, companies’ strategic deployment of human robotics is opening up new growth spaces, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating for investment.
utg products are imported less than expected, human robots are being commercialized less than expected, and downstream customers are getting less than expected on their cell phones.
• Introduction by the Electronics Group: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly in Fangzheng Seok, 4 years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shukun: Bachelor of International Political Economics at the University of Hayashida, Master of Economics at the University of Hong Kong, 2023
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.