ICBC (1398 HK / 601398 CH)
Company Report
Earnings outlook to mildly improve
Rating (H): BUY
Rating (A): BUY
Expect topline growth to turn positive in FY24E; assume NIM pressure to reduce
Project net fee income to decline in FY23E-24E and recover in FY25E
Asset quality outlook less of a concern; expect mild improvement in risk buffers
Reiterate BUY on improving earnings outlook. Our GGM- based H/A shr TPs imply
Analyst: Johannes Au
target 24E P/B of 0.45x/0.55x
Topline growth to gradually recover in FY24E. Despite the weak topline momentum in
9M23, our base case suggests ICBC's topline growth to turn positive starting from FY24E.
With interest rate adjustment in residential mortgage completed in 4Q23, we believe NIM
pressure will lessen from FY24E, partly also supported by ICBC's solid balance sheet
growth as a result of backing up real economy. For FY23E, NIM would be down 32bps
YoY; but the reduction would be much smaller at 9bps and 7bps YoY for FY24E and
FY25E; overall, we expect NIM to be 1.44%-1.60% over FY23E-25E. This would support
a NII CAGR of 3.8% in FY22-25E. We assume net fee income growth to turn positive in
FY25E, considering the policy stance directing big banks to reduce fee rates, as well as
the unfavorable capital market and slow recovery in retail consumptions. Overall, we
anticipate a topline CAGR of 2.9% over FY22-25E.
restriction
Asset quality outlook to stay benign. With the rollout of supportive measures for the
Source(s): Bloomberg, ABCI Securities
real estate sector, we expect the bank's asset quality outlook to remain benign in
estimates
FY23E-25E. Its NPL ratio would be in the range of 1.31%-1.35%, which is lower than the
system average of 1.61% as of Sep 2023, according to the NAFR. The declining NPL ratio
would support risk buffers, and our base case estimates ICBC's provisioning ratio and
provision coverage ratio to be in the range of 2.98%-3.10% and 220.74%-236.64% in
FY23E-25E. Assuming China's macro growth to recover steadily without any new major
risk outbreaks, we project provision expenses to expand at 1.3% CAGR over FY22-25E.
(Continue next page)
Results and Valuation
Maintain BUY on improving earnings outlook. By lowering our FY23E/24E earnings by
6.98%/10.30%, our base case suggests a 3.2% CAGR over FY22-25E. By lowering its
sustainable ROAE and raise our COE assumptions in the GGM model, we adjust our H/A
TPs by -22.3% and -13.8% to HK$ 4.91 and RMB 5.61. The TPs imply 0.45x/0.55x target
FY24E P/B. Reiterate BUY on ICBC's market leading position and improving earnings
outlook.
Risk Factors: 1) Potential asset quality deterioration in specific sectors and geographical
areas; 2) Persisting NIM pressure; 3) Slow recovery in net fee growth; 4) Reducing ROAA
and ROAE; 5) High social responsibility given its status as a market leader.
Exhibit 2: Changes of GGM assumptions
Financial statements
Consolidated income statement
ABCI SECURITIES COMPANY LIMITED
Disclosures
Analyst Certification
I, AU Yu Hang Johannes, being the person primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part,
hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal view about the subject company or
companies and its or their securities. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly,
related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. I and/or my associates have no financial
interests in relation to the listed company (ies) covered in this report, and I and/or my associates do not serve as officer(s)
of the listed company (ies) covered in this report.
Disclosures of Interests
ABCI Securities Company Limited and/or its affiliates, within the past 12 months, have investment banking relationship with
ICBC.
Definition of equity rating
Notes: Stock return rate: expected percentage change of share price plus gross dividend yield over the next 12 months
Market return rate: average market return rate since 2006 (For reference: HSI total return index 2006-22 averaged at 8.4%)
Time horizon of share price target: 12-month
Stock rating, however, may vary from the stated framework due to factors including but not limited to: corporate governance,
market capitalization, historical price volatility relative to corresponding benchmark index, average daily turnover of the
stock relative to market capitalization of the stock, competitive advantages in corresponding industry, etc.
Disclaimers
This report is for our clients only and is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable
law. It has no regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any specific recipient. It
is published solely for informational purposes and is not to be construed as a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any
securities or related financial instruments. No representation or warranty, either expresses or implied, is provided in relation
to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information contained herein. This report should not be regarded by
recipients as a substitute for the exercise of their own judgment. Any opinions expressed in this report are subject to
change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by other business areas as a result of using
different assumptions and criteria. The analysis contained herein is based on numerous assumptions. Different
assumptions could result in materially different results. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may
interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing
and interpreting market information. ABCI Securities Company Limited is under no obligation to update or keep current the
information contained herein. ABCI Securities Company Limited relies on information barriers to control the flow of
information contained in one or more areas within ABCI Securities Company Limited, into other areas, units, groups or
affiliates of ABCI Securities Company Limited. The compensation of the analyst who prepared this report is determined
exclusively by research management and senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is
not based on investment banking revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of ABCI Securities
Company Limited as a whole, of which investment banking, sales and trading are a part. The securities described herein
may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors. The price and value of the investments
referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future
results. Foreign currency rates of exchange may adversely affect the value, price or income of any security or related
instrument mentioned in this report. For investment advice, trade execution or other enquiries, clients should contact their
local sales representative. Neither ABCI Securities Company Limited nor any of its affiliates, directors, employees or agents
accepts any liability for any loss or damage arising out of the use of all or any part of this report. Additional information will
be made available upon request.
Copyright 2023 ABCI Securities Company Limited
No part of this material may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed without
the prior written consent of ABCI Securities Company Limited.
Office address: ABCI Securities Company Limited, 13/F Fairmont House, 8 Cotton Tree Drive, Central, Hong Kong.