This Wednesday, 21 December, a company listed on the board of science and technology called "Breathian" (688506): the company is a modern biologist integrated in the development, production and marketing of pharmaceutical collections.
Pharmacy enterprise, with operational and innovative biopharmaceutical units with a full range of drug research and development including small molecular chemicals, macromolecular biopharmaceuticals and anti-coupled drug (adc drugs)
At the end of the reporting period, the company had a registered batch of chemical preparations.
182, the raw materials were registered in 11 batches. In terms of the priority layout of the clinical needs, such as acute anesthesia, paediatrics, etc., the company's glucose electrolytic bulges, injected nicotine karan, Maleic acid, Inap Fulde-New Unit Thematic Coverage Report (Fulled)-2022.
Six varieties, such as oral solution, are the first in the country; among them, the new generation of “glucose electrolysis bubbles” for children and adults of low-skinned sodium oral rehydration fluids, and those that can be rapidly effective at malignant heart Clean-up-New Unit Thematic Coverage Report (Clean-Technology)
The anticardial arrhythmia drug "Ni-Paltic Ne-Calán" for emergency care is the company's exclusive type, while the child meds of the Ina-Pulse oral solution (third incentive list, major new drug creation project) has already been published in the Fireflies Network - thematic coverage report (FLN) - 2022
On 28 June 2022, they were approved for listing, and their original foreign research varieties were not listed in China; the listing of the above-mentioned products could effectively fill the market gap in the relevant areas, from which companies, as sole suppliers, are expected to benefit.
The research and development focus is in the area of sexual antibodies: so far, many companies have been working on projects that have achieved milestones. The company has been developing innovative biopharmaceuticals since 2011 and is forward-looking, avoiding technologically mature, competing monoclonal antibodies and choosing two/multi-specific antibodies with higher technical barriers.
So far, the company has nine dual/multi-specific antibodies and a combination of proteins. In this case, two-specific antibodies si-b001 for upper skin tumours such as non-small cell lung cancer have entered the ii clinical trial, which is based on her3 target sites worldwide.
The fastest-growing bi-specific antibody drug; the four-specific antibodies gnc-038, gnc-039, gnc-035 have entered the I phase of clinical trials and are the top three four of the world ' s leading antibodies entering the clinical phase; and, on the other hand, the two-resistant drug bl-b01d1 for the I phase of clinical trials is the third in the world and the first in China.
In recent years, multi-transverse antibodies have acquired a corresponding advantage in the direction of tumors, multipharmaceutical activity, and the suppression of immune flight, and are now the focus of research and development by major pharmaceutical companies; the company's pre-eminence in this area will help boost it.
Compared to listed companies in the industry: the selection of new NUMPs in the field of chemical preparations and Chinese pharmaceutical preparations, Enghua, the pharmaceutical industry, Heisco, Ossex, the pharmaceutical industry, and the creative biopharmaceuticals industry are among the comparable listed companies. From these comparable companies, the average income in 2021 was 21.11.
The size of the company’s collection and the level of net interest rates are in the lower middle of the industry, below the average of the industry. This is based mainly on the content of the offer and other publicly available information, the risk of an inaccurate selection of companies listed in the industry, the possible misinterpretation of the content cut-off data, and the risk of specific listed companies being shown in the body of the text.
The company's income and profits for the last three years.
(a) The agent business section and the innovative biopharmaceutical business section, with a full range of drug research and development capabilities, including small molecular chemistry, macromolecular biopharmaceuticals and anti-coupled drug (adc drugs): possession of a Chinese-American research and development centre (United States: systimemune: China: Bermuda and Dot Organisms, etc.), a large molecular biopharmaceutical and anti-coupled drug (adc drugs) production enterprise (dots).
Two manufacturers of chemical preparations (Balitian and Laza Nobo): the ability to integrate upstream and downstream from intermediates, raw materials to formulations, and to commercialize the entire life cycle of “research-production-marketing.” After 10 years of accumulation, companies have developed innovative biopharmacities that are already large and have achieved phased results, forming “many”
Core technical platforms such as the New Molecular Structures Platform for Special Antibodies, the Core Technology Platform for the Development of Multi-System Antibodies for Full Chain Integration, the flexible gmp standard Multi-System Antibodies and the Technical Platform for Drug Production for Adc, and the series of products developed on the basis of the aforementioned Platform: 9 bi-/multi-System antibodies and the integration of proteins are under development as of the date of signing of this offer
In 2021, the income from the company's main business was divided into two main sections by product type, namely, chemical formulations (606 million yuan, 76.20 per cent) and Chinese pharmaceutical preparations (189 million yuan, 23.80 per cent). During the reporting period, the chemical agent was the company's core business and the primary source of milk injections and propofols, in particular, the pyrophenol fluids, which were sold in the first half of 2022.
Figure 3: Māori and net profit ratio changes in corporate sales
The company is a modern biopharmaceutical enterprise that combines drug research and development, production and marketing. It owns a portfolio of chemical and Chinese preparations and an innovative biopharmaceutical business; according to the type of business, the company belongs to the pharmaceutical industry.
Total global health expenditure amounted to $7.5 trillion. Between 2019 and 2024 it is expected to grow by 2.5 per cent annually, with global health spending reaching about $8.5 trillion in 2024. By 2030, total global health expenditure would have risen from RMB 4.6 trillion to RMB 6.5 trillion, with a compound annual growth rate of 12.0 per cent.
In terms of the types of medicines, the industry is divided mainly into chemical, Chinese and biological drugs. Chemicals are the largest and most widely used category of all medicines, and chemicals are the most widely used category in the daily life of the population.
The pharmaceutical industry is an important sub-sector in the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry. The Sullivan report shows that the size of our chemical market in 2016 is 722.6 billion yuan, and that sales are expected to grow to 1,243.5 billion yuan by 2030, with a compound annual growth rate of 3.95%, and that it continues to grow faster.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has continued to grow in size, and the industry has generally shown a positive trend. The Sullivan report shows that the Chinese pharmaceutical market in 2016 will have a size of 423.2 billion yuan, and sales are expected to grow to 648.1 billion yuan by 2030, with a compound annual growth rate of 3.09%.
The biopharmaceutical industry has become the most vulnerable segment of the global pharmaceutical industry with annual revenues of more than $1 billion and heavy-pound products. According to public data, six of the world ' s top ten best-selling drugs were sold in 2020, with 63.65 per cent of the top ten drugs sold. According to Sullivan, the global biopharmaceutical market reached a high level in 2014.
China’s biopharmaceutical industry lags behind the global market and thus has a relatively wider scope for growth. Driven by new technologies, improved health-care awareness, and excellence in biopharmaceutical efficacy, China’s biopharmaceutical market will grow rapidly in the future.
The company’s main products and treatment areas, including anti-cancer, anaesthesia, anti-infection, paediatrics, etc. With regard to the market for anti-cancer drugs, the company’s main adaptive factors include non-small cell lung cancer, cervical-collar cancer, dietary cancer, etc.
According to data from the National Cancer Centre, the number of new cancer cases in China in 2018 was approximately 4,285,000, a year-on-year growth rate of about 2.5%. By 2023, the number of new cancer cases is expected to reach 4,865,000 annually. In 2019, the global cost of anti-cancer drugs was close to $143.4 million, an increase of 11.9% compared to the previous year.
Mainly, the global market for anti-cancer drugs is projected to exceed $391.2 billion by 2030. In the last decade, the domestic market for anti-cancer drugs has grown rapidly. The Sullivan report shows that the domestic market for anti-cancer drugs reached $28.1 billion in 2019, an increase of 46.35 per cent over the 2016 market size of $19.2 billion, which is expected to surpass the global market.
With regard to the market for non-small cell lung cancer, according to Frost Sullivan, China added 78.55 million new non-small cell lung cancers in 2020. According to Sullivan, the market for non-small cell lung cancer in China has been growing steadily in the past, from 2016 to 2016, and with regard to the market for cervical cancer, according to Sullivan, China added 14.31 million new cervical cancers in 2020, including the neck of the neck.
Cancer accounts for 90% of the total number of cervical cancers, and China’s cervical cancer market has been growing steadily in the past, increasing its size from 1.3 billion yuan in 2016 to 3 billion yuan in 2020. By 2025, China’s cervical cancer market is expected to reach 7.4 billion yuan.
According to the Sullivan report, there were 2,896,000 new carcinomas in China in 2020, of which 2.3 billion yuan a year increased to 3.3 billion yuan a year. By 2025, China's market for dietary cancer is expected to reach 12.2 billion yuan.
Liwen reported that China had 4534,000 new rectum cancers in 2020, and that China’s colon cancer market had been growing steadily in the past, increasing from $6.9 billion in 2016 to $16.1 billion in 2020. By 2025, China’s rectum cancer market is expected to be 31.6 billion yuan.
1. For 26 years in the field of the company ' s deep-farming preparations and Chinese preparations, glucose electrolysers, etc., are the country ' s first of many. At the end of the reporting period, the company had 182 registered batches of chemical preparations and 11 registered batches of raw materials.
Six varieties of acid, such as the Napuri oral solution, are the first in the country; of these, a new generation of low permeable and low sodium for children and adults, an oral rehydration “glucose electrolytic blisters” for the glucose, as well as anticardial abnormalities that can quickly be used for malign heart disorder first aid, the “injection of nicotine kaland” is the company's exclusive type, while the child's medicament, the medaly Inapuri oral solution (third batch encourages clean treatment)
On 28 June 2022, major new drug creation projects were approved for listing, and their original foreign research varieties were not listed in China; The listing of products can effectively fill market gaps in the relevant areas, and companies, as sole suppliers, are expected to benefit from it.2 In the area of innovative biopharmaceuticals, companies are looking forward to developing dual/multi-specific antibodies with higher technological barriers.
Focus: As of now, several companies have achieved milestones in their research projects. The company has been developing innovative biopharmaceutical fields since 2011 and has been proactive in avoiding the field of monoclonal antibodies, which are relatively mature and competitive, while the areas of higher technical barriers, such as dual/multi-specific antibodies, have been selected as pioneers in research and development. To date, the company has nine double/dots.
Hetero-antibodies and integrated proteins are under development. In this case, bi-specific antibodies si-b001 for the treatment of upper skin tumours, such as non-small cell lung cancer, have entered clinical trials. They are the most advanced bi-specific antibodies on the global scale based on her three targets; and the four-specific anti-bodies gnc-038, gnc-039, gnc-035 have entered clinical trials in i, the first three of the world's clinical stages.
Sexual antibodies: In addition, the second-anti-adc drug bl-b01d1 that entered the I clinical trial was the third in the world, and the first-ever double-anti-adc candidate in China to enter the clinical research phase. In recent years, multi-specific antibodies have had corresponding advantages in terms of oncological targeting, multipharmacological activity, and containment of immune flight, and have thus become the focus of current research and development in major pharmaceutical companies: the company’s lead in this field.
The advantage will be to contribute to the sustainability of their future development. (iv) Investment projects will be invested in the company's current portfolio of ipo funds, which will be invested in two projects.
1. Project on the industrialization of antibody drugs: the project will build a biopharmaceutical production base that meets the requirements of the drug regime, such as Nmpa, emea, fda, and significantly enhances the capacity of the company ' s biopharmaceutical agents; once completed, the project will allow the production of innovative biological agents, such as si-b001, si-b003, gnc-038, gnc-039, gnc-035, si-f019, to meet clinical samples of innovative biopharmaceuticals
Product production needs, and approval of early commercial production needs after listing.2 Clinical research project on antibody drugs: this project is intended to be used in clinical research on innovative drugs, including a total of 17 clinical studies focusing on 5 types of research by companies to support listing applications for these varieties or to further follow up on larger scale validation
The Dots will undertake a project on research and development of innovative antibody drugs in the field of oncology treatment, including 16 clinical trials in total of four innovative antibodies. The industry will undertake a project on research and development of innovative antibody drugs in the field of new crown therapy, and one clinical trial of an innovative antibody drug.
(v) Compared with industry-listed corporate indicators The company has both a business block for chemical and Chinese preparations and an innovative business block for biological medicines; as a result, new Southern pharmaceuticals for chemical and Chinese preparations, the Enhua pharmaceutical industry, Heisco, Ossexon, the physiotherapist industry and the innovative biopharmaceutical field were selected
According to the above-mentioned comparable companies, the average income in 2021 was 2,111 billion yuan, p-ttm (negative/numeric average) 98.74 per cent, and the average Māori sales rate was 82.59 per cent; in contrast, the size of the company’s revenue collection and net interest rate levels were in the lower middle, lower, lower, lower, and higher.
Policy risks, risks associated with the centralized procurement of medicines, risks that companies are unable to pass generic pharmaceuticals or fail to pass consistent evaluations within a time frame, risks of uncertainty about the company ' s products entering the national health insurance catalogue, risks of raw material supply and price volatility, failure to believe in being included in the list of medical prices and admissions, management risks of distributors, risk of standard production management,
Risks of conducting R & D abroad, risks of a company ' s transition from a chemical pharmaceutical to an innovative pharmaceutical business, risks of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic adversely affecting the company ' s R & D and production operations.