“Full Management + Financial Science and Technology”, New Leader of Industry, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: The company, as a leader in brokering, benefits significantly from the prevailing market trading climate. At the same time, with the efficiency of the Internet platform’s client advantage, the company has accumulated more than a million client groups, and the brokering and investment, asset management, credit lines have produced significant synergies.
After the acquisition of the US-assetsmark platform, the company's investment management system was completely upgraded, and it is hoped that a larger breakthrough will be achieved in the transformation of the wealth management business into a professional career in the industry. Brokering: the network pioneers were highly successful and the broker's leader consolidated.
The downward trend is evident, but companies, relying on online platforms for their efficient client advantage, are still in the business of brokering. By building the industry’s leading Internet platform, upgrading the Internet’s customer base, companies have significantly reduced the cost of doing business and secured a steady profit for the brokering business.
Professionalize client client services, shift to “big wealth management” and hope to increase business value added and increase profitability in the future. • Asset management: upscaling from scale expansion to yield growth.
High-end client resources, corporate asset management, have maintained a compound growth rate of 63.4 per cent over the last four years, firmly holding the second highest position in the industry. In a more stringent regulatory environment for capital management, companies are actively promoting the transformation of asset management from scale to yield.
Looking forward, competing for financial science and technology: M & A offshore investment platforms, and a full upgrade in wealth management. After completing the merger of the US smart investment platform, the company not only bought cross-border M & As, but also added a puzzle, but, more importantly, acquired a leading investment management platform for corporate clients, which was strengthened.
The construction of the company’s investment system provides a strong guarantee for upgrading wealth management operations. In the next three years, the net return profit will maintain a complex growth rate of 12%, valued at 2.2 times pb for the company, the Huatee securities (601688): the pioneer broker of the Internet.
Company profile: A number of businesses are leading, performing better than their counterparts, with a registered capital of $7,162 million. The company is the leading comprehensive securities group in the country, with a large customer base, a leading Internet platform and a full business chain system, the first consolidated voucher dealer to be approved by the CSRC, and the country's earliest.
Acquisition of innovative pilot vouchers. Companies have a well-developed system of professional securities services based on securities brokerage services, asset management services, investment banking services, fixed-income services and direct investment services, as well as strong research advice, information technology and risk management
Services support systems. The company’s commitment to becoming a leading financial group with indigenous advantages and global causes has evolved over the years into an investment banking-led business, based on brokering and wealth management, with investment and trade operations and asset management as a full-chain business system with two wings, leading the market in a number of core operations.
The reported data show that the company ' s share of the stock-based trading market in the first half of the year, 7.87 per cent, continued to be in the forefront of the industry: 15 merger and acquisition reorganizations were completed by the investment bank and ranked first in the market; in addition, the size of the company ' s asset management, the two-mixed balance, and the amount of equity underwriting were ranked in the market-wide figure 1 on the structure of the company ' s strategic layout
Corporate-owned business structure: Corporate business structure has diversified and, as at the end of June 2017, brokering income stood at 35.6 per cent, with a smaller share: capital intermediation, investment, asset management, etc., relying on licensing, with a small decline in traditional business, with 15.4 per cent, 9.2 per cent and 14.6 per cent, respectively; and investment in active management capacity.
Corporate performance: Corporate revenue and net profits have been growing steadily in recent years, declining in 2016, and overall industry performance has declined significantly. As capital markets stabilized in the first half of 2017, corporate operating income and net profit returns have re-emerged into the growth track, and in the face of a decline in the performance of most of the securities dealers in the industry, the net return profits have been achieved against the market and the net return gains have been realized.
A better performance than the growth of 5.35% reflects strong risk resistance and strong proactive management capabilities brought about by the diversification of corporate business structures, specialization in wealth management. As markets warm up in the second half of the year, and the capital market environment improves further, it is expected that the company’s advantages in brokering and wealth management will be further magnified.
Two of the network's pioneers were highly successful, the broker's leadership consolidated 2.1 was clearly superior to the client's efficiency, and the upgrade of the service was without fear of falling back on the maids.
Since the launch of the Internet mobile end application platform for delegates, companies have accumulated large client groups in the short term, and the number of new loads has increased in an explosive fashion, with tens of thousands of levels of easy access, with the average number of people active per month at the top of the list. With its pre-emptive advantage on the Internet platform, companies actively integrate online and offline resources to leverage Internet access to customer resources.
The company reported in mid-2017 that it had achieved a stock-base turnover of $888 trillion in the first half of the year, a market share of 7.87%, and a market share of three years in a row, and that it was hard to shake its leader in the area of brokering.
Since 2014, when they took the lead in lowering the commission rates, they have gained a pre-emptive advantage, taking the lead in brokering. Since then, with an increasing number of coupons joining the price wars, overall commission rates in the industry have fallen to less than four-tenths of the current level, and corporate commission rates have reached nearly two-tenths, but with significant cost advantages they can maintain a higher profit margin.
While maintaining a price advantage, companies are also actively shifting to the area of wealth management and are shifting the roots of development from agency trading of securities to professional financial services through differentiated stratization of clients, increasing the targeting and effectiveness of services, increasing value addition and customer stickyness through specialized, integrated securities financial services.
2.2 The balance has declined steadily, and stock pledges have grown in reverse. The company’s leading position in brokering is passed on to capital intermediation, and the rules for financing bonds and stock pledges are more uniform than those for the industry, and the competitive advantage is also evident.
The scale effect is clear. While increasing the scale of operations, companies focus on the risk management of subject matter, reducing the probability of credit default. In the first half of 2017, the balance of corporate finance coupons was 50.805 billion yuan, with a market share of 5.77%, and the ranking was high for the three fine products, and it was in line with regulatory improvements.
As a company’s traditional advantage, the investment business has evolved over the long term into a two-wheel-driven development pattern characterized by M & As restructuring, equity financing, and bond financing. In M & As, the company follows closely market demand, seizes policy opportunities, vigorously promotes M & As excavations, and the M & As project participants have been at the top of the market for five consecutive years.
Good slogans. In the first half of 2017, the regulatory hierarchy significantly tightened the M & A restructuring policy for listed companies, increased regulatory scrutiny, and companies captured market dynamics and project resources accurately, completed 15 projects as independent financial advisers, amounting to $35.43 billion, all ranked first in the industry.
In the case of bond financing, companies rely mainly on their own accumulation and platform resources to access project resources. Through collaboration, the amount of corporate bond underwriting has increased steadily in recent years, and the market ranking is at the top of the industry.
The company’s investment management business consists of two major pieces of asset management and investment transactions. In this context, asset management is actively addressed by companies as part of an inspection of cross-practice regulatory arbitrage activities, which promotes asset management from the corridor to the front line.
Management transition upgrades. The company ' s median data for 2017 show that the size of pooled management operations was 12.1 per cent in the first half of 17 years, but its net income from its contribution reached 79.2 per cent, with the company ' s pooled management operating rate estimated at 0.75 per cent, an increase of 46.3 per cent over the same period, reflecting an increase in the company ' s ability to proactively manage its operations.
In this market environment, the demand for the self-investment capacity of bond dealers is higher, ultimately leading to a differentiation in the performance of bond dealers. For the first six months of the year, Huatai securities have adhered to the concept of value investment in equity investments, pursued a high quality of basic security margins, improved investment strategies with a variety of financial instruments and trade techniques, and better matched the investment rotation of stock markets.
In the bond market, the company has recently made steady progress in the configuration of the ficc business, maintaining de-directionalism, relying on optimized and enriched investment strategies to improve the sophistication and specialization of investment management. By using diversified investment trading strategies, the company has performed well in terms of equity and credit transactions, with investments made in the first half of 2017.
The net gains are still expected to remain above 30%, which is an important driver of corporate overall profitability growth.5 Overseas M&As have accelerated the transformation of wealth management.
The company’s leading position in Internet platform operations is maintained through strategic layouts of smart investment areas. The assetmark is an independent platform for a full-services turnkey asset management project (tamp), mainly in b2b business, providing asset management software for investment managers, brokers and investors, and providing investment and advisory solutions for United States enterprises.
So, all time-consuming back-office functions, such as portfolio building, product research, tax optimization, etc., are entrusted to the Tamp Platform, which can also provide an independent platform for clients to meet their individualized service needs. Data for 2016 show that the platform manages $32.25 billion in assets and more than 7,200 investment advisers for services.
The company can benefit from this merger in the future. The first is to upgrade its overall capacity for research. The Assetmark platform has developed a more sophisticated system of research in the United States in the area of intelligent investment in wealth management, which is complementary to the company’s own system of investment in terms of trading strategies and benefits.
As financial markets become more open to the outside world, domestic investors become more demanding for the allocation of assets outside the sea. The company’s acquisition of an assetmark will not only provide for the allocation of overseas assets to domestic investors.
By opening the door, expanding the profit channel to attract more high-value clients through overseas investment platforms, and further strengthening the network of corporate guests, the pioneers are expected to take the lead in rebounding with huge customer resources and lower commission rates, further entrenching the vanguard in the field of brokering; and, secondly, by buying and buying the American smart investment platform, the Assetmark.
After that, the company was given more facilities to transform its wealth management and investment strategies, and it is hoped that the advanced IT management platforms and investment strategy systems from abroad will be shared in the building of its own investment system, and that the profitability of its brokering and investment transactions will be enhanced: third, the company will raise $26 billion in 2017 in a non-public stock ceiling.
Not only can the capital of the company be further strengthened, but it is also expected that, judging by the trend towards the introduction of strategic investors to significantly increase the synergy of business resources, the stock market is expected to cool for the next three years and the net return on the company's future investment is expected to remain at an annual rate of 18.7 per cent compound growth; (3) the company's investment portfolio is gradually warming and its revenue contribution is expected to increase at an annual rate of 7 per cent over the next three years.
(iv) The firm’s pool asset management business maintains a robust growth of 10 per cent, with a small decline in the size of the pipeline’s capital management business and space. Considering the future favourable market climate, the turnover is likely to pick up steadily, and the company benefits the most from being the leader of the brokering business, with over-intensity of regulation or negative impact on the company’s business, black swan events, or impact on the company’s performance at the secondary level.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.