On 25 October, the company released its third quarter report for 2018: first three quarters, net profit return, net profit deduction.
The growth in R & D costs is expected to continue at a high rate of growth in the industrial sector, with a net return to the mother during the three-quarter period, with net profit and net profit deductions of $7.880 billion, $516 million and $515 million, respectively, and an investment of about 200 million yuan in R & D with company o3 and $466 million in R & D in the previous three quarters, an increase of 68.96 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The q3 of the commercial plate was slightly slowed down by the company’s centralized hospital collaboration, but q4 is expected to rebound significantly, mainly due to the loss of operations during the same period last year, resulting in a lower base. The main-power varieties are growing at the rate expected, and the new version of the base drug catalogue promotes future exposure.
\triangleright anticipates growth in the company’s core variety as expected. Acapose benefits from grass-roots promotion and is expected to grow at a rate of more than 30% of inhibitors throughout the year.
For the first time, various varieties such as bofin, glketone, and whether to replace McCorb esters are included, and future releases are expected to accelerate. Research and development is progressing steadily, with overseas M&As accelerating medical beauty layouts, and company R&D ladders are well under way.
First-line clinical progress in first-line treatment of egfr mutation nsclc is going well, hd118 is going to start i-clinic, and tpp273 will be reported at the end of the year. In terms of consistency assessment, Acapose completed a Be field check and is expected to be the first to pass the consistency evaluation, both cyclosole and sulfon sulfon are accepted.
In the overseas market, the company issued a formal cash purchase offer to the British medical company Sinclairpharmaplc in September, which was approved by a majority in the general meeting of shareholders and continued to expand the company’s product lines in the medical field.
The company's core varieties have been subject to health insurance adjustments and downgrading, sustained robust growth, potential varieties entering accelerated release periods Reshaping the valuation system, while recent valuations have been low, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Promoting performance, research and development of two-way breakthroughs overseas, 2018,822. Washington Medicines (000963), In-depth report: Re-emerging power varieties, quality of sustained rise
Pharmacists, research assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, University of Technology, Hong Kong, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,