Chinese medicine (000963), pharmaceutical biology, real performance against expectations, rapid industrial growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
• Summary of performance: companies achieved business income of $23.20 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 8.2 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $1.81 billion, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $1.78 billion, an increase of 20.5 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flows of $1.41 billion, an increase of 1017.7 per cent in the same year.
Real performance in the first quarter of the year met expectations and industry continued its rapid growth trend. The company achieved net return profits by 21.5 per cent and net profit by 20.5 per cent, respectively, in the first three quarters of the year, and performance was largely in line with expectations. Net return gains by 22.9 per cent, 23.3 per cent and 14.7 per cent, respectively, in the third quarter of the year.
External acquisition consultancy costs are expected to cost 15 to 20 million: net profit of q3 below calibre, net of the above impact Commercial: income increased by almost 4 per cent in the previous three quarters over the same period, mainly due to the formal impact of the two-vote system in Zhejiang Province, which began in September 2017, and the loss of transfer operations in commercial distribution, which we believe to be the company's pharmaceutical business.
Continued high-intensity R & D investment and progress on priority varieties. Quarterly Research Division of the company is accelerating the transition from imitation to innovation medicine in the first three years of 2018.
2-3; 2) Innovative medicines of the type that seek to be introduced or granted China ' s interests from European and American countries one per year; 3) international registration of two or three formulations per year; 4) introduction of at least one major pharmaceutical technology per year or transfer of technology; domestic clinical registration initiated in the second half of the year: 2) Acapose and Circumpoline capsules are harmonized
Sexual evaluation studies have been accepted; 3) McWaldeney is in the process of preparing a clinical session and is about to begin a large-scale multi-centre clinic; 4) dpp-4 hd118 is in the process of conducting an i-clinic session; 5) the introduction of an innovative drug tpp-273 has been completed in the interim, and 2.25 dollars, equivalent to 25 times, 20 times and 17 times, respectively. We believe that companies use the power of power.
The marketing network, through self-research and the introduction of a growing volume of innovative products with a strong degree of certainty of growth and a growing sugar industry (208-08-22) urinary diseases, self-immunization, kidneys and super-antibiotic spaces, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Chinese Medicine (0009663): Performance is largely in line with expectations, industrial growth continues high (2018-04-25) Intensive R & D investment shifts to innovation
4. Washington Medicine (0009663): Proprietary dpp-4 inhibitors have a clear potential, companies are moving from imitation to innovation receptor agonists and diabetics are adding heavy weight to the product
(2017-12-22) No direct or indirect compensation is not and will not be obtained as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.