[United States Medicines] Medicines in East China: Performance meets expectations, buying millions of dollars from the United Kingdom ' s sinclair plus code medicine business, an increase of 20.5 per cent over the same year.
The company's operating income for the first three quarters was $23.20 billion (+82 per cent) and the net return to the mother was $1.81 billion (+21.5 per cent).
q3 of this amount received $7.88 billion in single-quarters and $516 million in net returns to mothers, representing an increase of 7.1 per cent in the same year, while some of the growth in the third quarter was still around 24 per cent (23.5 per cent in the first half of the year), the growth in the commercial sector could be low.
5 per cent (3.87 per cent in the first half); Acarbo sugar, one of the 2 billion varieties of the company, continues to benefit from the re-engineering of Class B. Industrial commerce goes hand in hand, and the main products are expected to remain at about 30 per cent of the growth rate throughout the year; 100 per cent of the capsules are incorporated into the new version of the catalogue of base medicines in 2018.
A hundred thousand capsules, Acapo sugar marketing innovations, pre-enhanced grass-roots and otc distribution strategies, ready for use at the grass-roots level, with 100 million capsules currently at the grass-roots level and otc high, 2017-03-10
The company's assessment of the Chinese medicine industry has increased at a rate of 2 billion varieties (000963); performance has increased steadily, and the number of people in China has increased.
The R & D pipeline has gradually enriched the power of White Mayang, and the government is nearing the completion of the privatization of the British company Sinclair, plus coded medical-American business.
The company's offer to buy the UK Medical and American company Sinclair at a total cost of $1.51 billion has been the latest in court session.
In recent years, Medico-American business has become an important part of the corporate system (000963), with business warming and new medicine.
Subsistence and growth points, where Ningpo, a company-owned subsidiary, ranks ahead of the scale of its sales in the field of medicine and the United States, and its proxy sales of the Proximity Readjustment Assistance Industry Up Speed (Commodity Name Yvonne) product have grown faster, with sales exceeding $700 million in 2017, and are expected to follow up.
With the privatization of British Medico-American companies, effective access to pre-existing commercial agents and medical-American research and development continues to be high, and innovation for development continues to make every effort, with the company spending $466 million on research and development in the last three quarters, an increase of 69 per cent over the previous three quarters.
In the first quarter of 18q3, more than $200 million was invested, some of which reduced the 18q3 mark profit. Research and development pipelines were abundant, and progress ladders were reasonable. The production of the Oméra capsules, the Sigletine dichotomy and the production of the dichotomy was declared, the Lilarubin injections started a multi-centre clinic for the treatment of late non-small cell lung cancer, and a new drug, the Myvaltoni, was used for the treatment of late-stage non-cell lung cancer.
In addition, in the context of the consistency assessment, the Anatrillium selenium test was completed and production was scheduled to be declared in the fourth quarter of 2018; the silicone programme was planned to be tested and production was scheduled to be declared by the end of 2018: the company also conducted clinical samples of various projects, such as the curvatures.
Lendettes, Linoxamide tablets, takmosh selenary capsules, Kaglé sequins, Englés, etc., are in pre-be or formal bee stages. Medical insurance prices are higher than expected; R & D is less advanced than expected; policy risks.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.