The Acarbo sugar core, through a consistent evaluation, helped to accelerate the import substitution of products on 30 November 2018
Research Assistant Xu Wangyang incident: 28 October 2018, the company announced that the fully-owned subsidiary, China East, had received the approval of the National Drug Control Authority for the approval of the drug supplementation application, Aka produced by China East.
The first in the country to evaluate the quality and efficacy of generic drugs (50mg).  The company ' s domestic consistency evaluation is ahead of schedule, and import substitution is expected to be fast-tracked. The company ' s Acapo sugar drug, Capopin, sold at $2 billion in 2017, has increased since the beginning of the year.
More than 30%. At present, the Akapo sugar tablets are the original drug Bailby Tang Ping and the company Kabuping, Germany ' s 68.75% and China ' s East 29.02%. The Corporate Consistency Evaluation Unit is at the forefront of the market, and the company ' s consistency evaluation puts the Kaboping quality level at the same level as the original drug.
At the same level, it is expected to accelerate the import of products.  The ratio of diabetics to the grass-roots level has been rising year by year, and efforts have been made to improve the marketing of Kabopin from the grass-roots level.
Point. The downward trend in the diabetes market is evident. The company is vigorously implementing marketing model reforms, expanding the local, community and out-of-hospital (non-prescriptive) market, accelerating the push of the campers, providing a comprehensive layout at the grass-roots level, covering basically district hospitals.
The sale of Acarbo sugar is expected to strengthen and drive the company’s development in the field of diabetes. The company has developed a wide array of products in the field of diabetes, covering chemicals, polythermal and insulin analogues, single resistance, etc., bringing together nearly 30 diabetic drugs in stock for the next 5-10 years to achieve i-type.
ii) full coverage of clinical drugs for diabetic type diabetes, including diabetes complications. Hd118, a new drug such as the Disinsulin declaration class, is undergoing i-clinic trials; oral glp-1 innovative drug tttp-273, introduced from vtv, United States, has been tested and is scheduled to be declared clinically in 2018.
The restructuring of the catalogue and the bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company's medicines, a rich stock of varieties into the company's reserves, the rapid growth of the industrial plates, the potential for future development, and the company's role as a regional leader in the flow of medicines in Zhejiang province.
With more investment in research and development, the integration of medicine in the business sector has benefited significantly. So we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
On 28 October 2018, the company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Central and China East, had received the approval of the National Drug Control Authority for the approval of the approval of the " Lot of drug supplementation applications " , the first Akapo (50 mg) in China to be produced in East China.
A uniform assessment of pharmaceutical quality and therapeutic effectiveness. Core observation: Consistency was successfully passed, with centralized drug purchases in “4+7” cities advanced, and corporate Acapose is expected to accelerate the import substitution process.
(1) Domestic consistency assessment is ahead of schedule, and imports are expected to accelerate purchases on the basis of the belts. The company Acapo sugar drug, Capopin, sold in 2017, has grown by more than 30% since this year. The Aca Populose tablets have been incorporated into the National Health Care Directory (Category A) of 2017 and the National Base Medicines Directory of 2018, together with their dependencies.
Well, after insulin, the market for diabetes mellitus is ranked first in the country’s oral market for sugar. At present, the Akapo sugar tablets are the original Bail-Bay-Tombang and the company Kabuping, selling around RMB 7 billion in 2017 in the Akapo sugar market in the interior of the country.
In China, the Acapo sugar market share is 68.75% in Germany, 29.02% in China and 29.02% in China, while Sichuan Green Ye Bo-Gwang owns Acapo capsules, with a relatively good overall competitive pattern. As compared to other diabetic treatment injections, Acarbo sugar is an oral formulation that is more dependent on the main competitors.
The Akapo sugar in Central China and East China has an absolute price advantage, and the average price of Akapo sugar is much lower than that of Bayear, which allows for import substitution. The company's exclusive Akapo chewing is more in line with the country's dietary chewing habits, and requires significant advantages. The price of Akapo chewing is 80.7 yuan (50 mg), far above the original amount of 59.82 dollars.
It is expected to accelerate the import substitution of the product. It will be implemented on the basis of a product that is evaluated through consistency, based on the concept of “a single winner, 70% market share, regardless of quality” and will drive down the price of the drug through bulk purchasing. The company will be expected to accelerate the product by bringing the Kaboping quality level at the same level as the original drug through consistency evaluation.
(2) The ratio of diabetics to the primary level has been rising year by year, and efforts have been made to improve the marketing of diabetic drugs at the grass-roots level. According to the ratio of diabetic drugs to the public health sector market in 2013-2016, the proportion of urban public hospitals has declined from 64.40 per cent in 2013 to 55.69 per cent in 2016, and the proportion of district public hospitals and cities has gradually declined from 64.40 per cent in 2013 to 55.69 per cent in 2016.
Figure 4: Market sales in public health institutions for diabetes in 2013-2016 The company’s main contestant Bayer largely abandoned the market at the grass-roots level, providing a golden opportunity for the company to develop. As large hospitals tend to produce primary drugs for Bayer, China’s East is growing relatively slowly in large hospitals, but at the grass-roots level below level II.
The company is implementing marketing model reforms to expand the local, community, out-of-hospital (unprescripted) market and accelerate the further downswing of marketing organizations and channels. There are now Acapo sugar sales on a full-time basis.
500 people, at the grass-roots level, covering most of the district hospitals. (3) The sale of Acapo sugar is expected to strengthen and drive the company's development in the field of diabetes. The company has developed a wide range of products in the field of diabetes, covering chemicals, polytherms and insulin-like products.
A total of nearly 30 diabetic drugs have been developed and stored for the next 5-10 years to achieve full coverage of i- and ii-sugar-type urinary clinical drugs, including diabetes complications. The priority product Lilalupi is injected with fluid, which has almost completed a clinical study and is scheduled to start a full ii phase.
The national multi-centre clinical trial, a clinical declaration of insulin, is expected to receive clinical clearance in the fourth quarter of 2018. The new drug, Hd118, of the Dpp-4 type, for type 2 diabetes is undergoing an i-clinic trial; the oral glp-1 innovative drug, tttp-273, introduced from the United States company vtv, has been completed and is scheduled to be declared in 2018.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: 14x. We believe that the adjustment of health insurance catalogues and the bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company’s medicines, a rich stock of varieties, which will provide the company with the potential to develop in the future, as a regional leader in the flow of medicines in Zhejiang province, resulting from the policy
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. First-line products like 100% capsules, Acapose sugar, etc. are less widespread than expected; business integration is lower than expected; second-line variety unit extension is lower than expected; grass-roots channels are less developed; and R&D is less advanced than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board