The industry is growing fast, research and development is investing more, business is going to have to improve.
Research assistant Xu Wangyang earned $23,204 million, an increase of 8.18 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of $1.809 billion, an increase in the same year, benefiting from the health insurance catalogue, the adaptation of the base drug catalogue, the active expansion of the market at the grass-roots level, and the upgrading of the pharmaceutical industry.
The list of new essential medicines is expected to accelerate the promotion of 100% capsules at the grass-roots level, with the current year-on-year increase in the ratio of sugar to the primary category A in Yogabo from Healthcare Group B to diabetes, with evaluation expected to accelerate the import substitution process through consistency, with Acapo sugar expected to increase by more than 30%;
The company has stepped up its research and development efforts, with diabetic drugs as the main future product line. The company is investing $202 million in single-season research and development, an increase of more than 80%.
One billion grade heavy weight products are now in clinical iii; hd118 is in the process of conducting i-probation, Myvartini has completed i-procedural trials, 72 lines of ii clinical trials, glp-1 innovative tttp-273 has been completed and is scheduled to be declared clinically in 2018.
At the same time, the stock-holding project of the company’s publicly listed company, Sinclairpharmaplc, in the medical field, is expected to be completed in the course of the year. The current pace of business growth has not improved significantly, benefiting from a greater concentration of the two-vote system, and the pharmaceutical business year is expected.
Formally, the company’s operations have affected more than $1 billion, but mainly at the revenue end. The company has also stepped up the provincial layout, and the company will benefit directly from future business concentration upgrades.
The future development of the company provides potential for development, as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province,2 and as China East Medicine (000963),
Industry, the benefits of policy-oriented integration of pharmaceutical businesses are significant. Therefore, we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
3. China East Medical Insight Report: Health Insurance + grass-roots exposure to maintain corporate performance, enabling research and development to broaden the space for future development
This represents an 8.18 per cent increase in the same year and a 21.48 per cent increase in the net return to the mother of $1.809 billion. This is $7.880 billion in the 2018q3 battalion, an increase of 7.06 per cent in the same year and $516 million in the net return to the mother of the mother, an increase of 15.18 per cent in the same year. Given the higher cost of R & D, industry recorded a growth rate of 8.18 per cent at the end of the first three quarters of 2018, mainly as a result of the double-counting effect on the business side.
The company’s net return profits increased by 21.48% over the year, mainly because of a significant increase in R & D costs in the third quarter, a fall in the single-season rate of profit, and an increase in industrial revenues is expected to be around 25%. With the company’s high Maori varieties rising, sales pre-arranged, the marginal effect of future overall marketing inputs
Gradual scaling up is reflected in the rising profit rate, the rising industrial block ratio, which has led to an overall increase in the company ' s Māori rate to 29.51 per cent and net interest rate to 8.23 per cent, respectively.
The pharmaceutical industry: 100% of capsules, Acapose sugar all benefit from health insurance adjustments and expansion, and second-line varieties.
With rapid growth, it is expected that the list of new essential medicines will accelerate the promotion of new essential medicines at the grass-roots level.
In February 2017, the new version of the health insurance policy was published, with Acapo sugar rising from class B to category A, with a significant increase in the reimbursement rate and a higher number of varieties.
At the same time, the evaluation of the consistency of Acapo sugar tablets is progressing well and is now in the review approval stage. Acapo sugar still has much room at the grass-roots level and in the community, and sales are expected to continue at a rapid pace, with an expected increase of more than 30 per cent in 2018q3 in relation to hospital end growth and access to the base level.
The overall growth rate is expected to be more than 25%. There are more than a dozen drugs available in the domestic immunosuppressants market, with the top three currently in the city being Tecrmos, and whether to replace McCophenol and eptocin. The DG has increased its share in the immunosuppressants market.
International markets. Corporate cyclosultanene entered the review and approval phase of the Consistency Evaluation Review in June. 2.2. Enhance product R & D and outreach to enrich the stock of corporate products 202 million yuan per season, an increase of more than 80 per cent over the same period.
After removing the impact of R & D costs, profits have increased by more than 28% in the previous three quarters. The priority R & D project is planned, with the Chinese new drug soft and strong oral fluid (for liver cancer ancillary treatment) successfully obtained production approvals in the first half of 2018; the co-line Omera capsules, Sigletin 2nd A and 2nd A are declared production, right
Lansola and frozen dry needles are declared clinically and are currently in the review phase; with regard to the new 100mg specifications of the Akapo sugar chewing chip, innovative drugs, Mywateni has completed i-clinical trials, is conducting 72-clancial trials, three-line and one-line rare genetic mutation clinical programmes are almost complete and are expected to be fully implemented in the second half of 2018.
Multi-centralized clinical trials: Hd118 of the new type Dpp-4 drug for type 2 diabetes is undergoing an i-clinic trial, which is expected to be completed during the year; oral glp-1 innovative drug tttp-273, introduced from the United States company vtv, has been completed and is scheduled to be declared clinically in 2018.
The priority product Lilalupi is injected with liquids, and a clinical study has almost been completed, with plans to launch a national multi-centre ii clinical trial and a clinical declaration of insulin, which is expected to receive clinical clearances in the fourth quarter of 2018.
At the same time, it is expected that the company’s acquisition of stockholdings from the publicly listed British company, Sinclairpharmaplc, in the medical field, will provide the company with the potential to develop in the future, as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province, with policy implications.
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. The first-line product promotion of 100% capsules, Acapose sugar, etc., is lower than expected: business integration is lower than expected: second-line variety unit promotion is lower than expected: grass-roots channels are lower than expected: R & D is less advanced than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board