Continuing to increase R & D investment towards transformational upgrading Performance is largely in line with expectations, with a slight slowdown in profit growth in 03 Companies achieving business income of $23,204 million in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 8.17 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother was 1,809 million yuan, an increase of 21.48 per cent over the same period. For each quarter, the company ' s business income of 2018q3 was $7.880 billion, an increase of 7.06 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother ' s profit was 5.16 per cent in the first half of the year, and the company continued to increase its investment in R & D during the first three quarters of 2018.
Sub-products: 1) 100% of capsules benefit from the impact of the Otc channel construction, extension of sections, etc. Income structure (2018h1) Bose increases by more than 30%, and the company has now completed the Acapo Sugar Consistency Evaluation Study
And submit a request for a consistency evaluation in which it is expected to continue to benefit from import substitution in the future, leading to a sustained increase in sugar use in Acapo: 3) The overall estimated income from immunosuppressants is expected to increase by more than 30 per cent, of which he/she/K, cyclops benefit from the new version of the expanded health insurance catalogue, accelerated import substitution after adaptive conditions, etc.
In July 2018, the company negotiated with the United Kingdom Medical and American company Sinclairmaplc.
The offer was made by way of a transaction to finance the acquisition of its equity, and on 18 September 2018 an offer for a positive acquisition was issued, and an agreement was sent on 2 October 2018 to all Sinclair shareholders. The project is currently proceeding as planned. Sinclair is a specialist in the field of medical American products.
Industrialized companies, whose core products include beauty line, long-acting microballs, boulic acid, etc., have high brand influence and have been certified and marketed in major global markets, with sales of £45.3 million in 2017, an increase of about 20%.
In 2017, the country’s lig urogenic acid, which is the country’s largest producer, has achieved nearly $700 million in sales revenue. This acquisition is a strategy to meet the growth of inter-firmization and to facilitate the company’s product lines that enrich its medical and aesthetic business, along with the Ningbo-China Association.
The company spent $466 million on research and development in the first half of 2018, a year-on-year increase.
68.96% long, up further than in the first half of the year, moving companies towards R & D and internationalization. The company continued to promote priority R & D projects in the first half of 2018: oral glp-1 innovations introduced from the United States company vtv tttp-273 have been tested in mid-2018.
Clinical declaration; remedial information study on net Capofin and Mikaffin is being carried out, and production is being declared in the fourth quarter of 2018; Anatole saplings are being tested and production is being declared in the fourth quarter of 2018; and a clinical study is currently being completed for the Lylaru injection fluid, i.e., a follow-up study.
The company has set up two new pharmaceutical research offices, based in Boston and Silicon Valley, in the United States, and continues to collaborate on investment targets consistent with the strategic directions of the company.
Long-term growth in performance has provided a driving force for industrial policy risks such as double-counting, reduced prices for medicines: sales of priority products have fallen short of expectations: product R & D has not progressed as fast as expected.
Long-term benefits from health-care catalogue adjustments, and industrial plates are expected to maintain a faster pace of performance growth; 2) In terms of the abundance of research products, companies continue to promote new drug research and development and increase their investment in research and development, providing a long-term boost to the growth of corporate performance: 3) in terms of business panels, companies are actively expanding their net sales operations
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.