Researchchand Developmentcenter, Know-it-all
..the depths of the Lithium industry (002466), which were reported on December 12, 2021.
Loong-gang Tian Qian Qian Litium Industry: The King of Resources, aware of the realization of the leadership of lithium resources and the construction of high barriers to competition. Company recognition of the long-term strategic status and importance of lithium resources.
The Taiwan Lithium industry (002466), which is far ahead of its counterparts, is actively taking action to deploy high-quality lithium resources in the early stages of its development. Prior to the start of the previous cycle of lithium prices, companies acquired the world’s highest-quality lithium quartz mine.
Lissen lithium mine, the highest-quality salt lake in China, Zabuye Salt Lake, and control of the Sichuan Yajiang Tsola lithium quartz mine, followed by a high-level buy-in of sqm in the last cycle, although it created a serious debt crisis for the company, covering the first time.
The current constraints on the development of the lithium industry, as well as the city's frenzy over lithium resources, suggest that the company's past lithium resource mergers and acquisitions are the scene of deep-seated corporate awareness, which has been accompanied by the current lithium industry super-scene cycle, and the company's perception of realization.
The company-controlled Tyllison Green Bush Lithite Mine has been operating for more than 20 years, making it the world’s lowest cost with its rich and high-grade advantage.
Ten thousand tonnes/year, with three or four extensions in the long term, lithium concentrates will reach 2.5 million tonnes/year. In addition, the company ' s shareholdings, under the sqm scama Salt Lake, are the world ' s highest-quality salt lake lithium resource, with a very low ratio of lithium magnesium, which is expected to reach 180,000 tons in 2022, with a company ' s share of 23.75 per cent.
Long-term equity gains are expected to increase. In addition, the company owns the Yajiang Tsola lithium quartz mine and the Western Zabuye Salt Lake as a resource reserve. The combined equity resources amount to approximately 1,496 million tonnes of lce.
With a capacity of 3450,000 tons of lithium carbonate, a capacity of 0.5 million tons of lithium hydroxide, and a capacity of 0.45 million tons of lithium chloride to be produced in March of the year, the capacity of lithium compounds will increase by more than 50 per cent. Meanwhile, the company ' s 24,000 tons/year-old Quanana II lithium hydroxide project and 20,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate will be in a state of slow construction.
In 2018, the company raised its debt at a high level of $3.5 billion in the lithium industry cycle, while buying sqm shares to cover the debt crisis. Since 2020, q4, with the extension of loan mergers and acquisitions and the introduction of strategic investor igo transactions by a fully-owned offshore subsidiary,
And the stockholders group provides financial support to the company, combined with a gradual recovery in the lithium industry that has led to a rise in the price of lithium, a easing of the company’s operating cash flow, and a near-discussion of the current debt crisis. Later on, the company will repay the remaining loans, for example, by issuing h-shares.
The rise in lithium prices, the gradual improvement in corporate cash flows, the expansion or acceleration of capacity, the first acceleration of the cycle, driven by the boom in the consumption of new energy vehicles, increased electricity and carbon prices to $90,000 per ton; and the maintenance of lithium prices at around $90,000 per ton in the first half of 2021
Prices, q3 started the second wave of accelerated rises as new energy cars entered the consumer season, and the third round of accelerated rises at the end of the year. In 2022, we expect that the supply of and demand for lithium will remain in a tight balance, that the industrial chain will continue to maintain low stock levels, and that lithium prices will remain high in time and space.
Sinda Securities Inc. Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Combining the company ' s lithium resource and lithium salt capacity release rhythm and increased industry demand
Pe is 145x, 26x, and 17x, respectively, at 9th Altitude Street in the West Side of Beijing. The company is a global leader in the lithium industry, with high-quality lithium quartz resources and salt lake resources, and Quinana's lithium hydroxide production capacity is in place, while the company is at the same time.
The lithium electricity industry in question is growing at a high rate, covering for the first time and giving companies a “buy-in” rating.
(a) The risk of falling lithium prices owing to higher-than-anticipated expansion rates or higher demand for new energy vehicles than expected;
The company’s understanding of the long-term strategic status and importance of lithium resources is far ahead of its counterparts and is actively moving toward the deployment of high-quality lithium resources in the early stages of the lithium industry’s development.
Prior to the start of the previous cycle of lithium prices, the company acquired the world’s highest-quality lithium quartz mine, the highest-quality salt lake in China, Zabuye Salt Lake, and the control of the Sichuan Yangtze Tsorra lithium diamond mine, which led to a serious debt crisis for the company, but the crisis is now largely over. The current constraints on the development of the lithium industry from current lithium resources and the constraints on the development of the lithium industry
In the case of the market’s frenzy over lithium resources, the company’s past lithium resource mergers and acquisitions are well recognized by the company, and the company’s future gains will be realized over the long term. The company will thus create a long-standing high level of barriers to competition.
The debt crisis has been largely lifted with the completion of the igo delivery of $1,395 million. The remaining balance of the debt is currently $1,868 million, comprising $668 million due at the end of 2022 and $1.2 billion due at the end of 2023, with the company to be paid through h shares and so on.
The Division's operating cash flow is gradually improving, its capacity is expanding or accelerating, and its performance is expected to return strongly. Lithium resource leaders, high competitive barriers, and the perception of lithium resource leaders in leading markets, are constantly strengthening the role of lithium resource leaders.
The company, formerly the Sichuan Lithium salt plant, was established in 1995 and acquired by the Tianqi Group in 2004 and in 2010 in Shenzhen at the heart of its mission to acquire global high-quality lithium resources. The company began to deploy its upstream lithium resources and acquire the Sichuan Jaeji River in 2008.
The company acquired 51% of the share in Venfield in 2014, indirectly controlling the world ' s highest grade and lowest cost of extraction of the Lithium Limestone mine. In the same year, the company acquired 20% of the share in Zabuye, Tibet, and participated in the Zabuye Salt Lake. In 2016 and 2018, the company purchased 2.1% and 23.77% of the share, respectively, of the sqm and 23.77%.
The company synchronizes the development of lithium chemical products and promotes the expansion of lithium salt production. The company optimizes the technology of the Hong Tianqi base, which has reached 145,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production, 0.5 million tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide production, 0.45 million/year.
In February 2017, the company co-financed Chongqing and Chongqing Kunyu to create 600 tons of additional capacity for lithium metal production. The company is currently working on the Quinana project and the Ninjian Dynasty project.
Medium-term lithium salt planning: 110,000 tonnes/year. Figure 1: Tianqi lithium industry development history.
Mr. Jiang Weiping worked at the Chengdu Mechanics, Sichuan Province ' s 93rd School, and China ' s Agricultural Machinery Southwest Company, which started its own business in 1997. In 2004, he acquired the Lithium Lithium Lithium Presbyterial Lithium Salt Factory through his own company, and has been the company ' s chairman since December 2007.
Management experience plays an important role in the successful M & As cases in the corporate development process.
China Securities and Finance Group Tian Qi
Igo Tinchi Lithium Industries
♪ Shooting all day long, all day long, Zabuye, Tibet ♪
Tung tungsten new energy, Tian Qi Qianlong.
Lithium industry. Venfield, Zabuye Salt Lake.
tla, Jiang Su Tian Qi, So Ning Tian Qi
Chongqing Tianqing, Hong Kong Tsang Tsang, Tsang Tsang, Tsang Tsang, Tsang Tsang, Tsang Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang, Tsang.
VenfieldFenco, Terryson, tlk.
Green Bush, Tinzi Chile, lithium quartz.
Sqm tacama owns the world ' s highest grade and lowest-cost Lithium Limestone mine, with a capacity of 1.34 million tonnes/year, planned
Production capacity of 1.94 million tonnes/year; combined with participation in the highest-quality salt lake in the world — Lake Tacama Salt, and control of the Yajiang Zala lithium quartz mine and Lake Zabuye Salt in Japan, as reserves of resources. Lithium salt, which provides lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride and lithium metal products in Hong Tianqi, Jiang Su Tianqi and Chongqing.
At present, 3450,000 tons of lithium carbonate, 0.5 million tons of lithium hydroxide, 0.45 million tons of lithium chloride and 0.08 million tons of lithium hydroxide are compatible with the Green Bush lithium quartz mineral. The company is constructing 24,000 tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide production, with a further 24,000 tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide and 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production in a delayed state.
The company ' s lithium salt production capacity is expected to exceed 18 tons in the future with the launch of the Quinana Lithium Hydrogen Oxide III and IV projects.
Lithium ion batteries, solid-state batteries Lithium chloride (Lithium quartz, Salt Lake)
Lithium Metal 1) Control of the world's best-quality lithium mine, Telison, flood base: 24.2 million tons of total lithium salt production,
Participation in Shanghai space power technology (13.08 per cent share): (51 per cent share, currently lithium concentrate, of which 1.45 million tons of lithium carbonate and 5,000 tons of hydroxide)
Lithium, 200 tons of lithium metal, 4,500 tons of lithium chloride 2) participation in the US solidenegysystem (shareholding 2) for control of the Yajiang zola lithium mine (shareholding)
9.34%: Solid-State Batteries R & D Production 2) Zhang Hong Kong base: LIS carbonate production capacity of 20,000 tonnes in Beijing (with 4.43% share): Solid-State battery
) Quinana, Australasia: planning 48,000 tons of hydrogen oxidation
Buyer (20% shareholding) Out of debt, growing performance over time The company's business performance is influenced more by the volatility of the lithium industry cycle.
The monthly announcement that investment decisions for the mtholland project will be postponed, sales of lithium products made public in the first quarter of March-April 2020, information on downward market demand expectations and plans to reduce the expansion, and corporate consideration of long-term equity investments in sqm.
In 2021, the corporate debt crisis was lifted with a rise in lithium prices, with a positive return on the net return and improved financial indicators. The company actively sought strategic investments to reduce its liabilities under pressure from the near maturity of part of the debt, and since 2020, q4 has been extended, with the introduction of the strategic investor ' s igo transaction by the wholly-owned offshore subsidiary, and the holding stock group.
The company provides financial support and the corporate debt crisis is lifted. Together with the gradual recovery in the lithium industry, which has led to a rise in lithium prices, a parallel increase in corporate revenue and gross profits, a decrease in the asset-liability ratio to 61%, a reduction in the financial cost ratio to 39%, a return in net profits and net interest rates, and a easing of cash flows.
Figure 4: Lithium Tian Qian industry operating income and rate of increase (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Net gain and rate of increase in lithium industry (millions of yuan) Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate in lithium industry Tian Qian Qian
Figure 7: Lithium price cycle ($/tons) Figure 8: LIS ratio (millions) Figure 9: High financial costs (millions) in 2019 in LIS
The company’s main products are lithium concentrates and lithium compounds. As the company’s lithium salt production capacity continues to be released, the ratio of lithium-commodity products to lithium-commodity products rises, but the price of lithium salt is subject to cyclical fluctuations, with the price of lithium-commodium operations reaching 54% in 2020, while Māori’s share of prices lags behind market prices.
The price of lithium concentrate is expected to increase significantly in the second half of the year, and the price of lithium hydroxide is $8.18, $7.47 million, and the price of lithium hydroxide is 2021 for the second half of the year (as at 7 December), respectively.
For $14.77, $150.5 million per ton, we expect that, as the price of lithium salt rises, the profitability of the company ' s lithium compounds is expected to continue to grow as the world ' s best lithium and salt lake resources are deployed. The company has the world ' s best salt lakes and lithium quarries resources, amounting to 1,496 million tons of equity resources.
Telison owns the Green Bush Lithite Mine, the wholly-owned Lithium Merit Company has the right to mine the Tsola Lithite Mine in Sichuan Yajiang County, while the company has achieved the layout of the tacama Salt Lake and the Zabuye Salt Lake by participating in 20 per cent of the Zabuye Lithite industry and in Sqm 23.75 per cent of the stock.
Telison: Controlling the world’s highest-grade lithium quartz mine, the Greenbus lithite mine is the world’s largest and highest-grade lithium quartz mine. The mines are located in Australia’s Western Australia in tons, with an average lithium oxide grade of 2.10%, and a combined lithium carbonate equivalent of 6.9 million tons.
On the basis of the amount of resources, stock information and the current production capacity and future planning of Tyllison, it is assumed that the combined ore recovery rate is 65-75%, the extraction ratio is 3.7 tonnes, and the remaining mining life of the Limestone mine of Greenbus is expected to be about 20 years.
The main products of the mines are technical-grade lithium concentrate and chemical-grade lithium concentrate. Technical-grade lithium concentrates are 5% ~ 7.2%, mainly as additives to glass and ceramic producers; chemical-grade lithium concentrates are 6%, except for the company’s own production of lithium salt.
Tyllison has been operating steadily for the past 20 years, with mature mining conditions and low cost of mining inputs. From March 31, 2018 to June 30, 2020, Tyllison has mined some 6.32 million tons of ore with a 2.62% grade and has disposed of some 5.2 million tons of ore with a 2.71% rating.
It's the highest grade in a mine, and high grade makes the processing of lithium concentrate less expensive. Figure 15: Greenbush has the highest grade in a mine. Greenbush now has 1.34 million tonnes/year of lithium concentrate and 180,000 tonnes/year of lce180,000/year.
Tons/year, 140,000 tonnes/year of technical-grade lithium concentrate, tons/year of lithium concentrate, implemented in March 2017 and officially operational in October 2019, third phase of the chemical-grade lithium concentrate expansion project, planned for July 2018, will be converted into $516 million in self-financing investments
In June 2021, in the context of the market situation, the board decided that the third phase of the Triple Lithium Project was to be completed by 2024. As of mid-2021, the third phase of the Trinity Project was to be completed by 2024.
According to a 3-quarter report from igo 2021, the tailings rehabilitation project is planned to start in the third quarter of 2022, when 600,000 tonnes/year of chemical-grade lithium concentrates will be produced in the second phase in October of the year and the production will increase to 1.2 million tonnes/year in 2020.
The rise in lithium mine prices in 2016-2018, the simultaneous increase in the utilization of the Greenbus lithium quartz mineral, and the delay in the commissioning of the Quanana Hydrogen Oxide project resulted in an ineffective release of the company ' s new two-phase production capacity in 2020 and a reduction in capacity utilization to 43 per cent. The company ' s lithium resources were all from Telison, and according to corporate disclosure, about 18.3 to 28.6 per year of lithium concentrates in 2014-2018
Supply company self-utilized, with most of the remaining output sold to alb. Trillison Lithium is priced on a semi-annual basis, based on fluctuations in the markets for lithium products and a discount for two shareholders, and therefore sells yuan/tonne, compared to the 5% lithium concentrate ashore in 2018, with an average sale price of $819/t in 2018, compared to the same year in 2019.
A decrease of 24.6 per cent to $617 per ton. Similarly, since 2021, 5 per cent of the cadastral price of lithium concentrate has increased from $420 per ton to $715 per ton at the end of June, at an average price of $551 per ton, higher than the average price of $430 per ton in 2020, but public figure 20: lithium concentrate harvest (tonnes)
Figure 21 Prices and costs of lithium concentrate units ($/tons) Lithium-rich industry: control of lithium quartz mines in Sichuan Yajiang, Zola mine, located in the velvet area in the north-eastern district of Yajiang, Sichuan Province, which belongs to the western sector of the Methca mine.
Kilometres, with an area of 23.54 square kilometres mined, ore areas identified as having an ore capacity of 1971 million tons, an average grade of lithium oxide of 1.3 per cent, and lithium oxidation resources of 25,557 tons, or about 630,000 tons lce. In October 2008, the company successfully won a competition through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sichuan Qi Jinzhizhisu Lithium Industries Ltd., in Tsola, Yajiang County, Sichuan Province
Lithium quartz mine prospecting rights, which were transferred in 2012. The mining rights licence is valid for 20 years. The Yangtze Tsola lithium quartz mine is mainly a reserve resource. The company has self-financed the construction of the infrastructure function of the lithium lithite quartz, which is an annual ore selection of 600,000 tons, with a total investment of 399 million yuan, with a cumulative investment of 174 million yuan as of the end of September 2017.
Since the second half of 2013, the construction of the mine, which is in storage and involves ethnic policy, has been completely reduced to a moratorium. Figure 22: Development of the arteries of the lithium quartz mine; sqm: Control of the world ' s most high-quality salt lake resources, Lake Tacama Salt
Sqm is mainly involved in the production and sale of special plant fertilizers, potassium fertilizers, lithium and its derivatives, iodine and derivatives and industrial chemicals, and is the largest producer of iodine and potassium nitrate worldwide and the leading producer of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. Sqm has a wise tacama salt lake with a mining licence of 2.2 million tonnes/year.
The company currently holds a sqm 23.75% shareholding. In May 2018, the company’s plans to acquire sqm 23.77% shareholdings, total shareholdings, etc., partially financed the company’s agreement to give up the share of category B shareholding priority, which was reduced passively to 23.75%, taking into account the financial situation and financial pressures.
A company’s acquisition of sqm shares contributes to the consolidation of the company’s industrial position and enhances its overall competitiveness, in line with its long-term development needs.
The main revenue-producing operations of sqm are lithium and derivatives operations and plant-specific nutrition operations. In the first three quarters of 2021, the plant nutrition business accounted for 36% and the lithium and its compounds for 27%. Lithium operations were burdened with industry cycles, prices fell, and operating income fell year after year from 2018 to 2020, delaying overall sqm performance.
Lithium prices rebounded, sqm ' s operating income rebounded with a net return on parent earnings of $1,778 million and a net return on parent earnings of $264 million in the first three quarters of 2021. sqm contributed very much to the company ' s investment returns. After the company ' s share participation in sqm in 2018, the net return on investment increased exponentially.
The price of lithium has risen steadily over the year, with a total net return on corporate investment of $1.013 billion in the first three quarters. Figure 23: sqm collection structure (millions of United States dollars) Figure 26: Net return on investment in the Taiwan lithium industry (millions of dollars)
Sqm lithium and lithium compound products ' operating income fluctuated with the lithium industry cycle. Sqm sales were more stable in 2015-2019, and operating income was mainly affected by price increases and falls; company sales increased by a quarter in 2020 to 606,000 tons of hedge prices, compared to sqm in 2020, and sales of sqm lithium products recovered in the quarter of 2020, based on quarterly data, while downstream demand-led sales were maintained
High, sqm is expected to sell 100,000 tons throughout the year and 30,000 tons in four quarters: sqm is expected to sell four quarters of the year. Figure 27: operating income from lithium sqm and its compounds (millions of United States dollars) Figure 28: sales and sales price of lithium sqm and its compounds (thousands of tons, United States dollars/tons)
▪ Operating income - Yoy Figure 29: Quarterly collection of lithium sqm and its compounds (millions of United States dollars) Figure 30: Quarterly sales and prices of lithium compounds (thousands of tons, United States dollars/tons)
The future expansion of the production capacity of sqm is mainly derived from lithium and iodine operations. The capital expenditure of sqm was $500 million in 2021, with a total capital expenditure of $2 billion planned for 2021-2024, of which $1.1 billion was spent on lithium and lithium derivatives operations, sqm of carbonate currently has 120,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, and lithium hydroxide production capacity of 215,000 tonnes/year, with carbon acid planned for mid-2022.
Lithium production has been expanded to 180,000 tonnes/year, and lithium hydroxide production to 30,000 tonnes/year, and sqm has 50 per cent interest in mtholend. In February 2021, the company ' s board of directors adopted an investment plan for mtholland, with a proposed project for the construction of 50,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide production capacity, which is expected to be operational in 2024.
Zabuye Lithium Industry: The company that controls the Zabuye Salt Lake in Tibet owns 20% of the Zabuye lithium industry. The Tibetan mining industry is a controlling shareholder in the Zabuye lithium industry, holding 50.72% of the shares. In August 2014, the company won 20% of the Japanese Zabuye stock at a price of $311 million in a cyber bid.
The Zabuye Lithium industry has acquired a reserve resource, Zabuye Salt Lake. Zabuye Salt Lake is located in the territory of Junpa County, with a total area of 242 square kilometres, with an altitude of 4,400 metres above sea level, with a capacity of 117,000 tonnes/year and a capacity of 1,17,000 tonnes/year. Zabuye Salt Lake is the third largest and the largest lithium mine in the world, with a concentration of 1.01 g/l of lithium, the third largest in Asia.
Salt lakes, with lithium content only after acatama and uuni, where halogen water is close to or reaches the saturation point of lithium carbonate and easily forms of natural lithium carbonate deposition, are cost less than other salt lakes in the country by 20 per cent and 50-70 per cent less than lithium mine extraction costs.
The Zabuye lithium industry uses the “sun pool crystallization” method, with a yearly capacity of about 5,000 tons (50-70% of grade) of lithium concentrate and a planned expansion of up to 10,000 tons of design capacity. The clients downstream of the Zabuye lithium concentrate mine are mainly the Yadification Group, the Southern Lithium Power, and the Kutaka State, with a share of the Yadification Group approaching 50%.
In the area of lithium salt, in August 2021, the Tibet Mining Project developed a project for the “Green Integrated Development and Use of Lithium with Battery Classes in Zabuye Salt Lake, Tibet”, which produced battery-grade lithium carbonate 9,600 tons/year, industrial-grade lithium carbonate 2,400 tons/year, and operationalized with potassium chloride 156,000 on 30 September. The Zabuye II project will provide a model and template for the development of resources for the Tibetan Salt Lake and will use it in western China.
In addition, the Tibetan mining industry entered into a 100-ton pilot contract with Kuyu Highco for the construction of lithium hydroxide, which began in 2022, was completed in the first half of 2023, and after the successful completion of the pilot, after considering the size of lithium hydroxide construction capacity of more than 10,000 tons.
The Zabuye lithium industry is investing in the platform, and the expansion of lithium salt production is expected to accelerate, with a total of 448 tons of lithium salt production from the company's three major production bases.
The company has a capacity of 4.48 million tons of lithium salt, of which 3.45 million tons are carbonate, 0.5 million tons are hydrogen hydroxide, 0.45 million tons are chlorinated, and 0.08 million tons are metal lithium production. The company expects to require 350,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium concentrate.
The company’s lithium product processing operations are based on the Sichuan shooting flood, Jiang Su-hang and Chongqing copper beam production bases for the production of lithium carbonate, as well as for the production of lithium carbonate.
Lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride and lithium metal products. Sichuan shooting flood base: established in 1995 as one of the main production bases for the Tianqi lithium industry, currently has 1.45 million tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, 0.5 million tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide, 0.02 million tonnes/year of lithium metal production and 0.45 million tonnes/year of chlorine
Jiangsujiang Harbour Base: founded in March 2012 and formerly a fully-owned subsidiary of Galactic Lithium Industries International, the company completed its acquisition of the base in 2015. The base is located in the customs area of Zhang Jia Harbour, Jiangsu Province, adjacent to the maritime terminal, and the main chemical raw materials are available in close proximity, with the only fully automated battery-grade lithium production currently in operation worldwide.
Chongqing Beam Base: set up in February 2017 with co-financing from Chengdu Tianqi and Chongqing Koon Yo, holding 86.38% of the stock in Chengdu.
In September 2018, the company proposed to invest 1,431 million yuan in the construction of a 20.000 tons annual lithium carbonate project in the seine district of Suinging City, Sichuan Province, with the main equipment being transformational roasting and acidification.
A cumulative investment of $91.61 million was made in the third quarter of the year. Currently, the project is held back by corporate debt, investment is slowing, and investment and construction is expected to accelerate in 2022 as corporate debt decreases and profits improves.
The Australian dollar initiated the construction of a 24,000-ton mono-water lithium hydroxide project in Quanana, Australia, with a phased commissioning at the end of 2018, but the project has not been completed through a one-year commissioning cycle, owing to the company ' s serious lack of overseas engineering management experience and professional teams, the inadequate validation of the commissioning programme and the need for continuous optimization of new equipment and technology.
The pace of production on a full-line scale slowed down in early 2020. The battery-grade lithium hydroxide was produced in the fourth quarter of 2020, with the rise in the gas climate in the lithium industry. 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production in the second quarter of Quinana is now 20-30% advanced, and the company expects 2022q2 to be carried out.
Engineering design, construction in 2022, and commissioning in late 2024. The company expects to launch phase III and phase IV of Quinana’s production capacity in the near future, with an additional capacity of 24,000 tonnes/year, with an anticipated capacity of 96,000 tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide.
Bush Mine, located at the Quinana City Specialized Industrial Park, 250 km from the Tyllison Green Bush Mine, 40 km south of Perth, Western Australian capital, port of export for bulk cargo, 15 km north of the port of Frimantel for international containers, facilitating rapid entry of products into international markets, faster logistics, higher after-sale services, savings.
The supply chain of the Quinana project is clearly superior and reduces operating costs. The Quinana specialized campus is well developed, wastewater treatment is centralized, systems are sound and environmental capacity is overstretched, and a large number of well-established professional skilled workers and overhauling and outsourcing professional services will effectively increase the productive capacity of companies and reduce operating costs.
In addition, there is a large number of plants in the park that are engaged in the chemical and heavy industry, with sufficient supplies of sulfuric acid, sodium hydroxide, super-clean cycle water, etc., both providing stable, reliable and abundant factors of production for the project and saving some logistical and manufacturing costs.
The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, tkl, entered into a long-term supply agreement in 2019 with four companies ski, ecopro, lig chemistry, nonthvolt, for sale. The sale price is determined by mutual agreement, and the sales volume includes base and additional quantities, which will be made by the buyer according to its own needs.
The company is in friendly discussions with the above-mentioned clients to agree on a new delivery schedule and adjust the delivery schedule. Given that the customers are still looking forward to obtaining the supply of lithium hydroxide from the company, the company maintains close communication with the customers in order to make them aware of the hydroxide phase.
Progress on the lithium project, using 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide from the shooting flood plant as an alternative sale. Only the agreement with the ski is in place, and the remaining three contracts have not yet started.
15% of postnatal capacity. tlk supplied lithium hydroxide to northvolt annually for the period 2020-2025, with base sales of Quinana hydrogen oxygen northvolt (Sweden)
Lithium chloride projects account for between 6 and 10 per cent of post-partum capacity, and the production of lithium compounds continued to grow in 2014-2018, with a high price of combined lithium salt and an annual increase in the company ' s operating income.
In 2019-2020, while corporate production and sales continued to grow, a sharp drop in sales prices stabilized the company’s operating costs of lithium compounds, and Māori rates were largely influenced by prices. As lithium salt prices recovered, the Māori rate of lithium compounds was 8.18, 74.7 million yuan per ton of lithium hydroxide, respectively, for the second half of 2021 (as at 7 December) respectively.
14.77, 150.5 million yuan per ton, and we expect to continue with the rising price of lithium salt.
The company acquired sqm 23.77% of its stockholdings and the debt crisis began. On 17 May 2018, the lithium industry in Tianqi considered and adopted the Bill for the Signing of an Agreement to Buy Sqm 23.77% of its stockholdings, agreeing to the company and its wholly-owned subsidiary inversionestlcspa, which deals with each other, and its three wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Inversionesracchiles.a., invertioneselboldolimitada and inversionespcschile limitada signed an agreement on the transfer of approximately $4.06 billion to self-financing (approx. 25.893 billion yuan equivalent to the median RMB equivalent of the authorized RMB in China ' s foreign exchange transaction of 17 May 2018) to the nutrien group.
The company lends $2.5 billion to cross-border mergers and acquisitions of domestic syndicates. On 26 October 2018, Tianqi Lithium and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tianqithiumaustraustrainments1 ptyltd. (“tlai1), inversionestlcspa)
The inter-border M & A consortium led by Sino-Kind Bank has signed documents such as the Inland Group Loan Agreement, in which tlai 1 borrows $2.5 billion from the consortium. Of this amount: $1.3 billion in loans in category a, one year of credit, renewable after maturity, starting on 29 November 2018, and $1.2 billion in category b, three years of loan duration.
In order to secure a loan from a consortium in the country, itts acquired all of Sqm a through the purchase of sqm 23.77 per cent of equity transactions