Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
High Māori penetration interface chip demand is back, High Māori interface chip is back: on the evening of 9 February, the company announced an annual revenue of 2,562 million dollars and a simultaneous decline in the price of the interface chip and the Māori rate. But the company announced a four-quarter revenue of 969 million dollars, the ring ratio.
The 12% increase, 173% over the same period, the RAM chip camp received $600 million, the ring increase was 40%, which was better than the 23% increase in the Rambus ring, indicating that the market was too worried about the loss share. Due to the high unit price of ddr5 memory interface chips, the four-quarter CMKs were raised by four.
At point 69%, while the low Māori rate dropped by nearly 16 points, the overall Māori rate returned to almost nine points to 47%, bringing the net return profit to RMB 317 million, a 55% increase in the ring, and a 40% increase from three consecutive quarters of the recession.
“Intensible three-quarterly technology reports — capture of the bomb. Next year, the memory interface chip will remain the same as the recovery: while the profits fell by 25 in 2021 and the harvest was ready, the profit contribution was low.”
Point, but we maintain that next year's harvest/profits will remain the same as the recovery, mainly due to the fact that intel/amd will continue to deliver intel7sapphirerapids and 5 nmgenoacpu in three quarters.
They all support 30% of the high-grade and high-morigin ddr51+10 memory interface chips, serial testing, temperature sensors, power management chips, support for 12 memory lanes (amd5nmcpu), pcie gen5.0retimer, plus the new alderlake pen memory module with the required supporting chip, and
3. Quarterly Review of Technology - Server Memory Near End of Pockets Decline Cycle, 2021.4.30 The relative stability of the server memory module market, which drives up the 2022-2023 fur.
Quick Report on Technology Performance - Worst of all, short-term storage and server industry down, decentralized sales pressure, and lack of research with anamd superb
Jung-hoon, intel delayed sapphirepids' production plan as a major risk.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment