Orientsecurities (600958/ch) Reconstructing deep-dwelling wealth management based on strong investment capacity
Focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Investment highlights: change in wealth management in corporate brokerage to buy perspective, move out
There is a path of its own, with a quarterly fund retention ranking at 10 out of the stockholders, and a significant increase in the size of the equity category.
The company is the fifth a+h stock-marketer in the industry, with total assets and net profits ranking at the top of the industry. The company’s distinctive and well-funded portfolio is the country’s first approved bond management subsidiary.
In 2013, with the first voucher dealer ' s public fund license, he took a lead position in the securities management industry, and he was ranked first in the industry in years, with an absolute advantage. At the same time, the company, relying on the strong investment capacity accumulated over the years, actively promoted traditional brokering to finance.
For 12 years in a row, companies have received a class Aaa or a voucher rating. • Traditional brokering is not a corporate advantage, and wealth management has increased corporate sales revenue.
According to the Securities Association, in 2020, companies achieved 1.62 per cent of net revenue from brokering, ranking 20th in the industry, slightly below the company ' s other business indicators, and the advantages of traditional brokering transactions are not significant. Companies have accelerated the transformation of wealth management in recent years.
Focusing on wealth management, committed to the marketing of pro-equity products, and expanding channels of cooperation with more high-quality managers in the industry, beyond credit management, transfer of wealth-rich funds.
In 2020, corporate equity products were sold on a scale of 27.8 billion yuan, an increase of 256 per cent in the same year, equity products retained on a scale of 47.5 billion, an increase of 100 per cent in the same year, and net revenue from surrogate financial products on a scale of 390 million, an increase in the same year.
269% (higher than the growth in revenue from financial products sold by the securities industry in the 2020s) are leaders in the asset management industry, and in high-quality branding markets such as Orient Red and Richter. 1) The Eastern Stewardship industry is leading, with a strong proactive management capacity.
Capabilities stand out, with the size of active management assets far higher than industry averages. 2015-2019 CRM revenues are increasing by 30% at a combined rate. Long-term performance maintains a leading edge. “Oriental red” products have high visibility and reputation, and demand is outnumbered.) Replenishment management continues to grow on a growing scale.
Rich funds run fund management operations. 2013-2021q1, the size of the capital base for enrichment grew rapidly, rising from $49.8 billion to $57.16 billion, with industry rankings rising sharply from 14 to Sun Tingtingsun.
ivianxu