Information technology hardware and equipment, cap-intelligence calculations, server head-on into a new era of growth, server and storage steady ups and ups and downs, and ai server leads the industry.
The market pattern of x86 servers has changed and the share of domestic manufacturers has increased significantly; idc expects a sales value of 70.5 per cent for 2016 ~2021 Chinese gpu, and the i server has become an important product line for the server vendor; and the global firm-level storage market has continued to grow steadily.
Domestic storage markets are the world’s second largest corporate storage market; three international open computing organizations have been established to promote the standardization and industrialization of data centre infrastructure.
The company uses cloud computing as a platform, big data as a cognitive method, and deep learning as a tool for optimization, ranging from basic hardware, management packages to an in-depth learning framework and industry programme, to gpu server product lines; the company is the only server supply that joins the three open computing organizations at the same time
Total equity/flow (million shares) and introduction of server products applicable to different organizational standards, leading the creation of jdm mode solution total market value/flow (millions)
The decision on large-scale customised production challenges for servers will drive companies into overseas markets. 12 months of maximum/minimum layout smart storage, market prospects
Faced with the explosive growth in data storage volume, the company introduced smart storage platform g2, high-end wave information (000977), which responds to large data processing requirements such as Power artificial intelligence storage as 18000 system; based on policy support and ssd ' s breadth
Broad market prospects, companies raised money for all-of-the-shelf array projects to strengthen the future growth base of the company.
The wave information (000977), "New product niches" , uncertainty about the growth of the company's overseas market, uncertainty about the pace of development of the ai server product, uncertainty about the speed of product diffusion, etc.
Cardwise calculates that the server leads to a new era of growth, that the server and storage industries are moving steadily, and that the i server leads to a hot tide in the industry (1) x 86 server market: the global server market is stable, the domestic server market is growing rapidly, and the current market is growing rapidly.
It accounts for about 30% of the global market, and it has grown. Hp and Dell, the world’s two largest suppliers, have delivered more than the world’s largest servers, with a sharp increase in the share of domestic manufacturers, and a significant increase in the competitiveness of domestic servers, and companies are expected to make this one of their priority directions for future expansion.
(2) Artificial intelligence industry: Increased growth in the one industry requires a wider range of requirements for deeper learning. Gpu accelerated computing servers are required to provide significant computing support. idc expects 70.5 per cent sales from the Chinese gpu manufacturer in 2016 ~2021, i servers have become important product lines for the server vendor, and the company ' s ai server product is available
(3) Storage product markets: Global firm-level storage markets continue to grow robustly, and domestic storage markets are the second largest global stock market, growing steadily in size; as cloud storage cloud computing trends deepen, future high-end smart storage markets will grow further, and companies, as one of the smart storage leaders, are expected to move towards a period of rapid growth.
(4) Server standardization development: Large csp controls the largest server deployment in the world and wants to create open data centres that, with the establishment of three international open computing organizations, will contribute to the standardization of data centre infrastructure, industrialization, and innovation in the server industry based on new standards.
Comprehensive layout wisdom calculation, focus server chart development (1) Dynamic intelligence computing lead-ai server: companies use cloud computing as a platform, big data as a cognitive method, depth learning as a tool for optimization, from basic hardware, management packages to an in-depth learning framework and industry programme gpu
Server product lines, i servers now account for more than 60 per cent of the domestic market and are working with British Weida, Intel and Uttar Pradesh to launch a new one to guide the development of the ai industry. (2) Join Open Computing: the company is the only server provider that joins the three organizations at the same time and rolls out the right one.
Server products used for different organizational standards, spearheading the creation of a jdm model to solve the problem of large-scale customizing of servers, and facilitating companies' entry into overseas markets, are expected to boost firm growth in the future. (3) Servers are fast-growing: the combined growth of corporate business income in server-based industries is as high as 42 per cent in the country.
Intra-server vendors are expected to have a stable third-largest output worldwide. Server industry barriers are high, companies continue to increase research and development inputs, raise modular data centres, and expand server competitiveness.
Faced with the explosive growth in data storage volume, companies have introduced smart storage platform g2, high-end storage as 18000 systems, etc. to respond to large data processing requirements; based on policy support and ssd ' s vast market prospects, they have raised funds for all-of-the-shelf array projects ... to strengthen the foundation of the company ' s future growth.
The server and storage industry has moved steadily, the i server-led industry has been booming in recent years, the international server market has continued to grow steadily and the domestic server market has become fast and long-term, and has continued to grow at the top of the global record in absolute terms for many years.
Change, large x86 server sales are increasing at a significant rate, and it is expected that server operations will be driven in the future in the context of industry concentration trends (i) the global market for x86 servers is generally stable, domestic manufacturers are rapidly rising, and in the network infrastructure, servers are tasked with key tasks such as data storage, querying, computing, publishing, etc., are:
One of the essential foundations for the proper functioning of the network system is the evolution of servers, both pc and the Internet, from a development history, which is now more mature in terms of products, technology, markets, and more stable in terms of global market volumes and receipts. According to Quarterly X86 server market data published by gartner from 2013 to 2017, the market for servers is complete.
In the context of a more stable global server market, the share of domestic and foreign markets has changed considerably, the domestic service providers market has moved rapidly into the long term, and the domestic server market is the best growing market in the world, with absolute increases for many years.
In 2013, China accounted for about 25% of the global market, while in 2016 the share of domestic producers rose significantly. Hp and dell were the world’s largest server suppliers in terms of volume, and the suppliers’ volume was much closer, far larger than that of other suppliers, but ranged from 2013q1 to 2013q1.
In 2017q3, the ratio of the two giants declined significantly, from 47 per cent to 34 per cent. This compares with an upward trend in the share of the country ' s three largest servers, which rose from 4 per cent in 2013q1 to 17 per cent in 2017. The share of traditional servers in the market continued to decline, while the share of domestic producers in the server market continued to decline.
(ii) With the growth of the i-industry, smart calculations are promising, with the increase in the heat of the i-markets, the expansion of the amphibious calculations based on accelerated gpu and fpga, the future of the i-economy will become more mature and prosperous, except in the Internet industry, in finance, manufacturing, medicine, retail, etc.
In the digital transformation of the industry, one is expected to become a new engine for innovation in the traditional business model. According tostatista, the size of the artificial intelligence market is expected to grow to about $1.25 billion in 2017; by 2025, the market will be $36.9 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 50.7%, and the global artificial intelligence market will grow by 94% in 2017.
Artificial intelligence is currently used mainly in image recognition, object identification, detection, and classification, as well as automated geophysics analysis. The largest share of the income from the artificial intelligence industry comes from the enterprise-level application market.
Data, the number of clients with a depth of learning, increased from nearly 13 times faster in 2014 to 19439 in 2016, placing increasing demands on the ability to calculate data. Among the data, algorithms, and computing capabilities required by the ai technology, arithmetic is the most fundamental layer, providing hardware support for data and algorithms, and computing capacity depends on an accelerated gpu computing service.
In 2016, according to idc data, Gpu, China, accelerated the calculation of server market sales of $171 million, which is projected to reach $478 million in 2017, an increase of 180% over the same period, and is projected for the period from 2016 to 2021.
From the industrial chain, artificial intelligence can be divided into technology support layers, basic application layers, and product layers. The technology support layer consists mainly of algorithm models (software) and key hardware (ai chips, sensors). Sensors collect.
Data, the ai chip (gpu, fpga, npu, etc.) is in charge of computing and the algorithm model is in charge of training the data. The basic application layer is based on sensory and other in-depth learning applications. The program integration layer is one or more types of basic application techniques, products or programmes geared to the specific needs of the application scenario.
Artificial intelligence is based on arithmetic, algorithmic and data, and cloud computing can provide arithmetic and a large amount of data, so the combination of artificial intelligence and cloud computing is a trend in technology, while cloud computing is based on a server providing arithmetic.
Upstream suppliers in the chain, while downstream customers are expanding the needs of various applications, the rapid development of industry applications is the driving force behind the rapid development of the iservator industry.
The ecological depth learning of the base structure is a branch of machine learning that is relatively shallow. Subsurface learning models, such as svm, boosting, and so on, have basically no hidden nodes or only a deep layer of hidden nodes on the structure.
A learning model is a learning and analytical problem-solving neural network built to imitate the brain mechanism. It consists of an input layer, a number of hidden layers, and an output layer. It typically consists of multiple network layers, using big data to train models, to move through layer-by-layer features and to create more abstract and representative features of the data itself, thereby increasing classification or prediction.
The hidden layer is also known as the hidden layer, which consists of multiple neurons and links between the input layer and the output layer. It is generally believed that increasing the number of hidden layers will improve the computational accuracy and reduce network errors. In 2016, the number of hidden layers of deep learning reached 152 layers. The hidden nodes are neurons, the more numerous they are, the stronger the network is.
Figure 10: Differences between shallow and in-depth learning data processing processes: Currently, the global open-source depth learning framework is mainly caffe-mpi, tensorflow, mxnet, toch, etc., and Caffe and tensorflow are the two most popular, and Caffe is the first in the world to be developed by the University of California at Berkeley.
Industry-level depth learning framework, but its structure is not sufficiently flexible and less expansionary; the depth learning framework developed by Google is widely used in Google search, image recognition, etc.
(iii) Sustained growth in global storage markets and robust growth in China ' s storage markets With the trend towards information networking, trinetization, cloud computing and other applications, the volume of data has grown explosively and the value of data has risen rapidly, leading to a rapid increase in demand for data storage, the storage industry being the information industry
One of the most sustainable growth areas. The largest segment of the global corporate-level storage market is the external storage market, where, at the level of storage products, middle- and low-end markets are highly competitive, profit margins are falling year by year, high-end storage entry barriers are high, mainly emc, ibm, hp, and domestic tidal and tidal waves, and high-tech thresholds of high-end storage generate high profits;
Developments suggest that new trends in storage development, such as flash, integration and super-integration, and intellectual storage, are driving the storage industry. The idc report shows a 14% increase in the global market of enterprise storage systems in 2017q3, amounting to $11.8 billion, a 22.4% increase in the volume of goods, and 72.5eb, with a steady growth in the storage market.
The domestic storage market has grown steadily. The domestic market has become the second largest corporate storage market in the world, growing on a yearly basis, with idc predicting that the Chinese business storage market will continue to grow at an annual compound rate of 8.2 per cent over the next five years, and that revenue from the domestic storage sector will reach $2.5 billion by 2018, according to the Institute of Pre-Vision Industry.
Upstream suppliers in the storage sector are mainly Toshiba, Intel, Light, etc., and downstream customers are mainly government, telecommunications, gold, energy, etc. The rapid increase in data volume has contributed to the development of the storage industry as cloud computing big data evolves.
Repository manufacturers, based on their own advantages, have accumulated a wealth of technology on the storage side, have completed product lines, and have maintained a leading position in the global storage market; and major domestic storage producers, such as Hwa, wave and dawn, have been actively exploring new technologies developed in the storage sector to meet customer needs in terms of product innovation.
Follow-up on emerging trends in the storage industry, focusing on the development of storage of new products, such as smart storage, all-mortality storage, cloud storage, etc. Cardwise computing, server heading into a new era of growth
(iv) Increased standardization of the server industry, leading by three open computing organizations, large csp (computeserviceprovider) such as Facebook and Alibaba, with the largest global server deployment capacity and the largest and most innovative data centre in the world, and innovation in data centres
As part of its overall strategy, the global csp wants high integration, modularization, customisation of application-oriented equipment, and the traditional rack server standards are no longer adequate, and there is a need to develop a fully fledged server standard and an open platform for data centres. The three international open computing organizations that meet different standards have been set up to promote the standardization of data centre infrastructure.
Industrialization and promotion of industrial innovation based on new standards. ocp:facebook, because of the time and money spent on self-constructed data centres, started with 30,000 square metres of data centres in Prineville, but far from meeting large-scale data-processing requirements, in order to make it possible for
In 2011, Facebook, a consortium of Intel with experience in open-source software, established an ocp (open computer project) and evolved into an ocp foundation dedicated to promoting open technology standards for hardware, establishing an open data centre structure, promoting resource sharing, reducing costs, and driving the development of an infrastructure architecture for it.
The machine standard is the traditional 19 inches, which does not allow for the release of three 6.5 inches of board or five 3.5 inches of hard disk, so the new facebook design is 21 inches, resulting in an increase in space utilization by 14.5 per cent and a reduction in costs.odcc: In the domestic server market, three Bats are procured in large quantities and have similar needs for data centres.
In 2011, the Scorpion Alliance was established and upgraded to an open data centre committee (odcc), with an integrated scorpion cabinet server, a modular data centre, an open network and other data centre areas, with the aim of building an open platform in China, promoting Internet industry development and infrastructure standardization and accelerating the process of industrialization. Current results include models.
Blockized data centres, scorpion servers, three standardization and patents (odcc (CTP 2.0), ccsa (Industry standard: overall technical requirements for whole cabinet servers and five sub-system standards), ccsa (Micromodel open 19:ocp project) introduced a new 21-inch server standard suitable for use in newer software
In an environment where clients need to purchase a large number of servers to comply with this standard, but with a 19-inch-wide conventional industry standard, the actual application of the rack server is wider, and the goal of Linkedin's implementation of the Open19 project is to increase the number of “mainstream 19-inch data centre hangar” servers and storage, to introduce brick-type modules and to contact all server manufacturers to ensure that they are able to do so.
The server mainboards can easily be placed in brick-based modules to enhance deployment efficiency and eventually provide low-cost infrastructure solutions for data centres in different environments. Open19 provides 19-inch cabinets, brick modules, and optional battery units, reducing half of the common resources in the hangars, more suitable for small and medium-sized developers and enterprises, none
There is a need for too much infrastructure change to continue using the traditional 19-inch server cabinet, and the server provider can use the existing results to innovate in solutions and gain industrial support.
The wave has begun full-blown intelligent calculations, using cloud computing as a platform, big data as a cognitive method, and depth learning as a tool for optimization. (i) Dynamic intelligence calculations, leading the ai server market
The company currently has a full range of gpu server product lines, multilayered ai calculations, including cutting-edge computing hardware products, integrated management packages, optimized depth learning frameworks and end-to-end solutions, and the only mainstream server that can be mentioned for deep learning fpga acceleration cards. According to the company ' s mid-2017 report, the company is now in possession.
The company also works closely with the leading companies of artificial intelligence such as Quest, Kihoo 360, dog search, today's headlines, Face++, etc., to help clients with extensive use of voice recognition, artificial intelligence cloud solutions, etc.
Households have achieved quantitative performance improvements in voice, image, video, search, network, etc. On the i hardware product, companies have established a global lead ari computing product line, which includes airframe gpu/knl servers such as nf5280m5, agx-2, nf6248 and fpga servers, as well as gx4 and sr-ai hangar servers.
This is an excellent hardware platform in the field of deep learning, with high-performance calculations and support for more parallels.
Calculating mode, a single node supports more fpga logical units, supports opencl easy programming, suitable for online cognitive projects such as high-sprawl, low-capacity online voice platforms, etc. Current waves, altera and science majors have been very effective in the application of fpga in the online recognition domain. The results show that the fpga system is significant on all indicators.
Better than the traditional cpu system, with 2.87 times the performance of cpu, 15.7 percent the energy consumption of cpu, and 18.18 times the energy consumption of cpu.
On the AI management package, and in response to the question that the previous AIAD model can only be identified after training has been completed, the wave released the iAAD cluster management software — application and high performance API system — Teye.
The system can support a wide range of in-depth learning frameworks, provide a full range of in-depth learning business processes, support a variety of computational frameworks such as caffe, tensorlow, cntk, and models such as googlenet, vgg, resnet, etc., and detect modelling problems in a timely manner, and improve the utilization and productivity of computing resources. The main features are:
1) From data pre-processing, adjustment of model parameters, allocation of computing resources, start-up of training tasks, monitoring of training processes, analysis of training results, etc.; 2) In-depth learning requires cross-use of framework models from multiple environments and complex requirements for the development of the environment,
(c) Training mission monitoring and visualization to keep abreast of training progress and quality and to identify modelling problems in a timely manner;
Comprehensive monitoring of cluster status, real-time control of cpu/gpu resource use and operation, and cluster enhancement of the Antenna (teye) is a system diagnostic tool tailored to supercomputers, designed primarily for ultra-calculative developers and users, to capture system resources (cpu, memory, diskettes and networks) when extracting applications for large-scale cluster calculations
This enables the simultaneous monitoring of 4096 cpu cores, the fine-tuning of more than 40 application feature indicators, including real-time memory read-and-read bandwidth, and the creation of an operational visual GUI to help users find system bottlenecks, optimize the system, optimize the application and adjust the application algorithm.
In June 2016, Intel released second-generation to powerful phi chips - knightslanding (knl), which can be either a co-processor or a single central processor, with the following advantages suitable for high-performance computing and depth learning:
More than 6 tflops), high application suitability (multi-nuclear homogeneity, multi-nuclear isomer), high expansionability (to provide data centre level cpu expansion and reliability with 95% expansion efficiency), programmable (to provide the same binary code compatibility as the Intel to the Power Processor, to support running arbitrary x 86 work loads), suitable for computer-intensive/communication-intensive isolations
At the depth learning framework level, based on the excellence of the Berkeley source caffe architecture, the wave developed the first generation of caffe caffe-mpi, which supports a series of parallel calculations on knl, improved the caffe ' s lack of support for multiple nodes, the shortcomings of the parallel file system, and achieved multi-nucletic parallel calculations between nodes of the mpi protocol, as evidenced by the original caffe
, with an increase in the total number of knl processors as high as 94.5%. By using multi-channels, parallel tasks are performed through parallel processing of data, maximizing the performance of caffe training data, achieving a significant increase in performance compared to bvlc singlegpucards and, for the Googlenet model, a single gpu version of caffe-mpi.
Performance is more than 10 times higher than that and is more suitable for a super-large depth learning operation. Compared to the updated depth learning framework of the Google tensorlow framework, the new version of wave caffe-mpi 2.0 at 4 nodes. 16 gpucard cluster systems trained about 13 times more performance than single cards, based on an internationally available imagenet data set
When training in in-depth learning models, Caffe-mpi performance is nearly twice as high as that of tensorflow, beyond cntk and mxnet, becoming the best in-depth learning framework for acceleration. The same applies to vertical artificial intelligence calculations of comprehensive layout hardware, management packages, in-depth learning frameworks, and industry software programmes.
At the same time, the company focused on the horizontal conglomerate industry giants to launch a new one, and the co-conspirator market. In May 2017, the tide and the Nvidia released the ultra-high-density agx-2 server, a global first-ever high-speed interconnection of eight gpu servers in a 2u void.
Figure 25: Server external chart agx-2 Figure 26: Server internal chart agx-2 April 2017, the company and 100 degrees jointly launched the super-large-ai platform sr-ai full cabinet server.
The first one, designed with a pciefabric interconnectivity, supports a maximum of 64 gpus in the entire cabinet, with a peak processing capacity of up to 512 tflop, 5-10 times higher than the normal one, and 5-40 times faster training for 100-degree unmanned, voice recognition, image recognition, etc.
Figure 27: Waves sr-ai whole cabinet server, September 2017, company co-published abc one machine with 100 degrees to speed up the intellectual upgrading of traditional industries, using the company ' s ai computing hardware platform and 100 degree cluster management software, which can support tensorlow, caffe,
Almost all of the mainstream algorithm frameworks, such as cntk, paddlepaddle, are model-based training to tracking and on-line prediction to calculate scenarios for the two main categories of ii inference, which can be open for immediate use, greatly user-friendly use, simplify the user ' s learning process and reduce management costs.
Figure 28: Abbc One-Multi-Effect Map. The Intel-based Knl-Keep plan was launched, and the company and Intel jointly launched the Knl-based keep plan in June 2016 to assist global clients in completing application testing, optimization and migration on the knl platform.
The monthly upgrade plan will complete the experience platform based on the knightsmill (knm) architecture by the end of the year. The upgrade plan will support both knl and knm advanced computing platforms, where knl is good at hpc and knm is the main one for in-depth learning to facilitate the rapid integration of hpc and i.
(ii) Join three major open-calculation organizations, with future growth possibilities, and join open-calculation organizations to build open-calculation ecology. In the three global technical standards of China occc, the United States ocp, and Open19, the wave was the first members of odcc suppliers, ocp platinum members, and open 19 members, respectively.
Currently, the only server suppliers that are participating in the three main organizations are, on the one hand, leading the innovative development of standardization in the server industry, and, on the other hand, products that cover all three standard organizations, integrate the standards of different organizations, and promote the development of a unified and open system.
Open19 and other major program platforms and 17 extension nodes bring the leading server industry standards from abroad to China, while promoting Chinese standards abroad, accelerating the integration of organizations and providing products that are more responsive to the needs of their customers. After the wave joined the ocp, a partnership was established with the big csp in North America, and the purchase of orders was increasing.
According to gartner, in the first half of 2017, the wave was rising by 336% in the same year in the North American market. The wave is working to replicate the Jdm model (joint development model, jointdesignmanufacture), which has already been tested in China, into the United States, and to build an in-depth partnership with the North American csp to provide deeper customized products and programmes.
After opening 19, the scorpion-compliant sr product accumulated 150,000 nodes, and the open 19-compliant product is falling, and the demand for customised servers from large clients, such as the Internet and telecommunications, has increased significantly, with the client needs at the centre, the existing business chain being restructured, restructured, quickly responded to the client needs and achieved
Quality rapid delivery is a challenge for every server vendor. The company created the idm model (joint development of manufacturing), which addresses the problem of large-scale customised production of servers.
The company's jdm model has developed a model of in-depth cooperation with users, moving from service to co-generation with clients. Due to the need for custom-scaled efficiency, the company's jdm has developed a model of in-depth collaboration with users.
At this stage, the model is primarily oriented towards large Internet users with customized and high demand for a single product, such as the 10 Internet technology companies that currently have the highest global market value, with five core server providers as a wave, and moving from home to overseas through the jdm model, which is an important driver of company growth in the future.
Supply chain docking jdm inspur
(iii) The server industry is a knowledge- and capital-intensive combination, with high barriers and only a few globally.
Several manufacturers master the relevant technology and form the scale of production, have a high market concentration and compete primarily with ibm, Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Huayuan, and association, among others, where international manufacturers such as ibm, Dale and hp have a clear market advantage in the area of servers, both in terms of volume of goods delivered and in terms of volume of receipts, and there is a certain gap between domestic producers and firms.
Due to global industry developments and growing competition across the industry, the Māori ratio of companies’ businesses, while showing a declining trend, has shown a marginal improvement. Because of the accuracy of company cards and the difficulty of ai server technology, the company has taken the lead in developing ai server with a far greater Māori rate than a traditional server, and with the city of ai server
Rapid field growth and the level of Maori on traditional servers have been largely stable, and it is expected to improve the level of Maori on corporate servers in the future. Research and development personnel now account for 49 per cent of the company ' s population, company R & D costs range from $190 million in 2012 to $760 million in 2016, R & D costs increase significantly from year to year, R & D costs increase, and companies work on technological innovation.
The number of servers in the country has changed in terms of the share of global exports, and there has been a downward trend, with the tide rising, from around 3% in 2015q1 to 7% in 2017q3 and beyond in 2017q3
In addition, large Internet-market customers such as Ali Baba, Pedu, and China's mobile companies have purchased a wave of sr-stove servers, and the wave of globalized operations has increased domestic market competitiveness and is expected to become a stable server vendor in the world's top three.
In order to enhance the company ' s competitiveness in the area of servers, the company mobilized a modular data centre, which is a specific segmented market area product under the generic service provider category, in which the integrated container system, the power supply system, the cold system, the surveillance system and the integrated cabling system are integrated, providing a one-stop data centre solution for clients and reducing customer availability.
Transporting peacekeeping configuration requirements. The normal capacity of the project is 320 micromodules produced annually, expanding the product lines of the company's servers
With the development of artificial intelligence and big data, business data has become more demanding in terms of business perception, real-time online, shared connectivity and cloud synergization, data storage will face a number, based on the explosive growth of numbers, the complex and diverse challenges that only the development of intelligent storage can satisfy data storage and location.
The company released the Smart Storage G2 platform in February 2017, using innovative, real-time online data compression techniques that can support a compression ratio of 10 to 1 with no impact on business processing at the same time, saving 90 per cent of storage space and reducing the cost of a common gb storage configuration by 30 to 40 per cent.
The g2 platform is based on unified platform management, harmonization of san and nas storage protocols, sharing of bottom disk resources, supporting structured and unstructured data in the same set of storage systems, while providing data block and nas services, distributed as needed, allowing data to move freely between storages and increasing storage efficiency. This can be achieved through the replacement of controllers.
Low-end products are upgraded to high-end products without data migration. g2 smart storage platforms include low-end as2000g2, medium-end as5,000g2/as60000g2 and high-end as18,000g2 series, which enables "intelligent perception, smart architecture, intelligent management" of data for business scenes.
To achieve the application needs of different client scenarios and to drive the data storage business of the client into the smart age. Figure 39: Panorama of the Wave Smart Storage G2 platform as 2000g2 series, as2200g2 and as2600g2, oriented towards entry-level applications with g2 level
At the same time, transversal virtualization allows the transparent migration of data from more than 95% of San storage devices. For governments, SMEs, etc., as 2000g2 can efficiently run structured data, small and medium-sized databases, virtual applications for emails, vdi, etc.
erp, crm,cad, etc. applications to enhance the reliability and efficiency of the company's carriers. Figure 41: Wave as 2200g2 medium-end integration active storage system as 5000g2/as 60000g2 series includes as 5300g2/as5500g2,
As5600g2/as58800g2 and model as68800g2, supporting 2-8 controllers, providing a variety of product configurations from 2u12, 2u25, 3u48 to 5u, supporting 784, 968, 1196 and 1840 hard disks (including ssd, sas, nl-sas), providing pb-level capacity, as 5300g2, as5500g2, as5600g2 and as5800g2, respectively.
Construct a complex application environment to accommodate large and medium-sized databases of medium- and large-scale enterprises oltp/olap, virtualization, file sharing, cloud computing, data storage under various applications such as big data, data centre disaster tolerance, and data backup, cloud backup, etc. Figure 43: Wave as 5300g2/as5500g2 series
Figure 44: Clients need reliable, high performance and flexible and scalable core business architecture to address key business challenges, as a result of wave as 5600g2/as5800g2 series “Internet+”
The high-end multi-controlled integrated storage system as18000, which includes the current mainstream storage network architecture and mainframe connections, provides high reliability, high performance, high-extension key storage features, meets the needs of the financial, telecommunications, government, energy, transport and other sectors for key core business, and underpins the company’s future growth base.
According to company data, the company ' s sales in high-end storage markets grew by more than 130 per cent for two consecutive years between 2015 and 2016.In the first half of 2017, smart storage platform g2 sales amounted to nearly 200 million, of which high-end storage as at 18,000 sales increased by 150 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the company has considerable scope for future growth in the storage industry.
Figure 45: High-end storage system as 18000, based on support from national industrial policy and the vast market prospects of all-mortality arrays, companies raise all-mortality research and development and industrialization projects. According to idc, mixed-mortality all-mortality products account for 50% of the total stock market.
In the above share, China's all-smuggling market is growing rapidly, and in 2019 it is expected to reach 1.88 billion yuan, accounting for 10.6 per cent of the all-smuggling market. The firm level ssd will gain from virtualization, high performance analysis, video applications, etc. Figure 46: All-smuggling array product structural effects
Assumption 1 (income projection): The company is engaged in research and development, production and marketing of traditional servers, ai servers, and storage products. After many years of business exploration, valuable experience has been gained in terms of technology, R & D, talent, industrial chains, product quality, and business income grew by 29.5% in 2016.
Assumption 2 (Māori rate): Annual fluctuations in sales earnings from corporate servers and storage products and Māori rates due to differences in market demand and product structure, but overall stability in corporate operations in the future uncertainty in the growth of corporate markets abroad, uncertainty in the pace of development of the i server products and storage of the products
In Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, north wing, 9 North Street, and so on.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.