With the rapid growth of the Internet and cloud computing, multiple node servers have grown globally.
The company leads the market share of servers on four routes and above, ranking it first in the country in 2017. The wave, working in close collaboration with the Internet giants through the jdm (joint development) model, continues to launch the cloud servers, and the wave smartrack has more than 70% of the market in China’s scorpion servers.
There has been a steady increase in demand for high-end servers for key and centralized operations of large clients, such as finance, telecommunications, 8 routes and above, x86 servers are gradually taking over the traditional server market and companies are moving in.
While the Internet giants are actively promoting the i-server, with companies occupying about 60% of the market share, the tide captures the i-line trend, with the current i-server for the cloud end being mainly a gpu server, while the fpga and asic servers will also grow rapidly. China, aigpuga, 2017.
The fast-counting server market is about $500 million, and is expected to be over $2.5 billion in 2021. The Internet giants, benefiting from close collaboration with Bat, are actively promoting the ai server, working with ibm to develop powerer architecture servers, active high-end storage.
In September 2017, wave information announced the establishment of a joint venture ibm to develop a powerer server. The company’s profitability is expected to increase if the future joint venture’s power server goes well.
Intelligent manufacturing leads to a change in manufacturing methods, and wave smart factories bring new sights.
New technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, and access to goods, allow for efficient custom-based production. Smart plant automation. Production achieves "intellectual discharges, intelligent storage, intelligent transport and intelligent tracking." Transparent production flows reduce delivery cycles from 15 days to 5-7 days, and production efficiency increases by 30% to meet cloud computing and big.
The dynamic demand for data customization products, leading to higher accuracy and better performance of corporate products. Equity incentives have been unprecedented, and server leaders will grow in the future Catalysts: increased demand for artificial intelligence servers, policies driving intelligent manufacturing
q3 revenue has increased significantly, continuing to double the arithmetical area, Caffe-mpi upgrade the ai server in parallel.
Together, ibm develops power servers, core competitions continue to grow, cloud computing markets are growing fast, and cloud servers are growing fast over the next three years.
Internet companies such as 2 and Bat continue to invest more in the ai, i-server procurement continues to grow 3 and high-end products in wave storage layouts, and customer outreach is successful, and we differ from the market perspective.
1. Market-based views suggest that corporate cooperation with Bat is low and business growth is uncertain; but we have the first increase in global cloud server traffic in the year and the prospects for future development are high.2 Market-based views suggest that conventional servers are slowing down and industry penetration is high; but we believe that public-sector penetration is high.
The Division has developed rapidly in such markets as private sector customers, such as cloud and key business, and is ranked first among the country’s four-way +, eight-way + servers, and is expected to continue to develop rapidly in the future.3 The market sector considers that high-end server technology barriers are high and companies may face some challenges;
But we believe that the replacement of large and small machines by x86 servers is a step-by-step process, with the current power of the power chip and the power server, the company's joint venture with ibm moving to the ground, the company's high-end mainframe business development, the increased demand for artificial intelligence servers, and the policy drive for intelligent manufacturing.
1. Rapid growth of the cloud computing market, maintaining a 30 per cent or more compound growth rate over the next three years, continued increased investment by Internet enterprises such as 2 and Bat, and continued growth in the procurement of ai servers.
Our view, which is different from that of the market,1 and partly that corporate-bat collaboration is low and development prospects are general, we believe that there is a great future because of the fact that global cloud servers are ranked first in the volume.
2. Cooperation with Internet companies such as Bat is a endorsement of corporate strength, and the company has developed rapidly in such markets as the private cloud and key business of industry clients and is ranked first among the country ' s 4th +, 8th + servers, and is expected to continue in the future. 3 x 86 servers to replace large and small machines is a step-by-step process, with the current power chip and power suit
The main drivers of the increase in stock prices were the growth in company performance, the company's performance on cloud servers, the arrival of a one-server, the continuation of high-speed growth and high-market coverage, the continued acquisition of orders among industry clients, and the joint venture with ibm.
Gradual landings will contribute to the growth of corporate performance, 1. Rapid growth in cloud computing markets, 1.1 high growth in public cloud markets for Internet giants and traditional sector customers, and multi-node servers as the primary drivers of global server growth.
The company ' s generic server product consists of traditional towers, racks, blades, whole cabinets, which are the company ' s multi-node servers, cloud servers ' main product. The company ' s universal server has complete product lines from the low end to the high end, including the traditional tower server np series, the rack server nf series, blade blades.
The server nx series, the entire server sr series, and other custom-made server products, the full range of industry users, have personalized needs. The entire server has high deployment density, energy efficiency, etc., and is the company’s main product of multiple node servers, cloud servers.
As technology develops, cloud servers (multi-node servers) are replacing traditional servers on a global scale, and cloud computing and cloud servers are making China a global server country. As new generations of information technology develop and apply, more and more businesses and governments are moving from traditional data centres to clouds.
With the replacement of traditional data centres by cloud data centres, cloud servers have replaced traditional servers on a global scale, which has changed the competitive pattern of global servers, and China has become a global server power. Cloud servers are servers with high-scale Internet data centres and cloud data centres with high-profile applications.
The pattern is usually multi-node racks, multi-node cabinets, computing, storage, power supply, radiating, etc., with high-level modularization, pooling, etc., which are clearly superior to traditional servers in terms of deployment density, energy efficiency, and return on investment. So the growth of multiple node servers can also be seen as a growth of cloud servers in themselves.
Figure 2: China ' s global share of the server market has increased from 25% in 2013 to 30% in 2016. The market size will reach 60.36 billion yuan and 76.24 billion yuan, respectively, with a compound growth rate of 37.2% and 21.9% respectively. Future cloud server providers are expected to continue to benefit.
In 2016, the market for Laas in the public cloud reached $8.74 billion, and the private cloud market is expected to reach $76.24 billion in 2020. Cloud server providers are expected to be in the cloud.
In North America, multi-node servers have grown rapidly and become the largest server in shape. The US server market is generally considered to have been ahead of the Chinese server market for about two years.
In the third quarter of the year, the global market for servers as a whole grew by 5.1 per cent, while traditional servers, blades, towers, had experienced negative growth. Multinode cloud servers had become the only engine of global market growth, with sales increasing by 26.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, an absolute increase of 197,000.
The ratio of multiple nodes servers in the North American market will reach 45.4 per cent in 2021. 1.2, jdm models, in collaboration with the Internet giants, are among the top three in China and the top three in the world. With the development of cloud data centres, 2010 Bat led the odcc (Scorpio Union) and facebook
The sub-directed ocp has developed cloud server standards, while the wave started working with the bas depths through the jdm (joint development) model in 2010 to launch the first generation of cloud servers in China. The jdm (joint development, join designmanufacture) model dates back to the 2010 wave and the odcc collaboration.
The titanium of tethers, centimeters, etc., began to customize servers to companies like Waves, Huasing, with higher requirements for performance and cost, and the wave succeeded in developing the first generation of cloud servers in China - multi-node cabinet servers, smart rank, which gave our country the lead in mastering the core technology of cloud servers, realizing and defining a new form of service.
In 2011, the Bat, China Telecom, China Mobile, etc., created the scorpion union (the predecessor of odcc) and the Facebook-led ocp, both of which set the standard for the whole cabinet.
Based on the number of cpus in individual server nodes, x86 servers can be divided into one, two, four, eight and above, of which two servers are used for Internet enterprise servers, common applications of the enterprise, and the server nodes in the entire server are usually also two.
Product nf5280m4, corporate products in the second-way product area in the country, products that allow six floors of pcb to be designed, enhance modular interoperability, effectively reduce product costs, complete machine structure systems, autonomous design research and development, effective upgrades in energy efficiency, noise control, and both energy efficiency and managerial excellence
The wave smartrack has more than 70% of the market for scorpion servers in China, and in 2017 the company took a step further in the market for networked businesses. In 2016, the wave smartrack has 70% of the servers in the hangar.
In addition to bat, the company has become a drop-and-drop, smooth, portable, headline, and American suit.
Figure 8: Waves smartrack server appearance and main parameters 2017,q3 surges in the global market for x86 servers to a third global increase of 120.4/62.7 per cent in sales/debates on a year-on-year basis; the season wave surges in volume of goods and sales on cloud servers have leaped to the top of the world, with waves rising to the top.
The single-quarter delivery of servers reached 70,000 nodes, which is equivalent to the arrival of the entire server in sr throughout 2016. According to Gartner's 2017,q3 global server market report, wave x 86 servers have double-loaded into the world's top three, and delivery has increased by 62.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and sales have even increased at the same rate.
120.4%. In the area of multinode cloud servers, the tides and sales surged to the top of the world, with 70,000 shipments sold year-round by the company ' s sr full hangar servers (not necessarily smooth procurement by the Internet enterprises every quarter), and the sr full hangar server was the backbone of the company ' s cloud server, with 2017q3 data sideprints.
The wave also provides a credible cloud server for public cloud users, a complete chain of trust from hardware to application, and has been successfully deployed on a wide range of nationally known public cloud platforms. The wave is currently the only reliable server available in the country.
The tpm trusted platform module is a credible security standard developed by a credible international platform, tcg, a secure microcontrolr with secret code operations that can guarantee the credibility of the terminal; the tcm credible password module is Chinese.
Standard. Wave credible servers with credible computing modules to build complete hardware layer trust chains from servers bios, optionrom, mbr, osloader, good compatibility with the successful version of the unicorn operating system, Windowsserver 2012/2016, timely detection of advanced malware code intrusions in the solid layer and prevention of server intrusions
According to the Wave Official Weight, its trusted cloud server has become a national public cloud platform of 1.3, built on technology and client experience, corporate private cloud power and high-end business markets, and customers in the fields of telecommunications, banking, etc., are important customers of the cloud server, with Bat in the hangar.
In 2016, users of the server industry in China contributed 25.6%, customers in the telecommunications industry 11.20%, and customers in banks 7.2%.
Cost-specific features apply to customers such as the Internet, telecommunications, finance, etc., where the demand for servers is stable, and server firms such as the wave that provides a multi-node full-room cloud server are expected to benefit in the long term. The experience of the Internet market allows the wave to capture private cloud trends in traditional business-level markets, including the promotion of multi-node services.
Because of the relatively limited number of medium-sized and large users, especially large users, who are able to keep pace with their clients in advance, and who are able to take advantage of the market. The wave can take the lead in China’s server market, not only because of its strong advantages in the Internet sector, but also because of its sources.
In the traditional sector, the market share has been increasing. In the financial sector, the tide has increased by nearly 30%, with successive orders of tens of millions of won or billions of yuan in open tenders by users such as the Bank of the Postal Bank, the National Bank, the Federation of Banks and Chinese Life, and tens of millions of yuan in competitive bidding by local comptoirs and the Agricultural News Agency.
Unlike Internet public clouds, which use 2-way servers, industry users build more private 4-way servers, and companies lead the market share of 4-way and above, with 2017-h1 ranking first in the country. Internet carriers, public-owned cloud services are based on 2-way servers, but private cloud construction by industry users tends to favour 4
Road servers, 4-way servers are clearly ahead of mid- and low-end servers in terms of performance, availability, and managementability, and can achieve better business continuity and application deployment density and simplify the base structure of the IT. For industry users, follow-up maintenance costs can be effectively reduced and a better overall cost obtained. For example, Wave 4 servers
The private cloud platform carrying Chinese telecommunications has raised the space utilization rate for Chinese telecommunications rooms to more than 60 per cent, and the equipment utilization rate has increased from 20 per cent to 80 per cent; the self-service system of Chinese international airlines is supported by a self-service system that provides a service response time of less than six seconds in high-speed access.
Figure 15: 217h1 Company 4xServes + Servers Node of Servers + Keywork for Building Private Industry Cloud Platforms.
It has grown significantly in size and infrastructure, and its int department has been trying to find a new modular infrastructure architecture platform to reduce the pressure on its infrastructure to carry out peacekeeping expansions and to gain greater operational resilience. In the course of its operations, modularization and integrated cloud programmes have become recognized trends in the industry.
Products such as one-stop cabinet servers, such as rail (2/4/8 server nodes supported), through integrated delivery, better integration of software and hardware to help enterprise-level users rapidly deploy the cloud computing environment, shorten business deployment from week to day, and support the elastic scalability of operations as load changes to meet complex application scenarios to achieve
tco's down-lined, faster business, and a turnkey project to build a private industrial cloud platform. Key business and centralized business processing needs for large traditional clients, such as government, finance, telecommunications, have stabilized demand for high-end servers, with 8 and above x86 servers gradually taking over the original small, large aircraft.
Markets. On the one hand, the key business of customers in the financial, telecommunications and other sectors requires high server performance and stability. On the other hand, governments, finance, telecommunications, even logistics, manufacturing, etc., are in the midst of a major information gathering, large integration, and therefore industry customers have a stable demand for high-end servers.
Large, small machines from ibm, hpe, etc. Since 2009, the Nehalem-ex series X86 chip, launched by Intel, has rewrited the X86 architecture to support the history of the four-way cpu, and the share of the X86 server in the market is growing.
With the development of server technology, 8 and above x86 servers have begun to gradually take over the market for the original small machines (20-50 per cent of the cost of the same performance x 86 servers). Waves, China Sunlight, China, China, etc. have introduced eight and more servers, with the exception of some very high stability requirements.
In addition to operations such as financial transactions, x86 servers have taken over other key operations, based on their value for money and ecology, the wave began in 2010 with eight-way servers serving 850 shuttles, operations continued to reach high-end critical applications, and companies took up about 40% of the eight-way server market.
— Skysats 850, which are comparable to small machines in performance and rass. In 2014, a fully modelled, block-designed Skys 860 was introduced, with industry specifications highest in reliability, extension, etc. The wave of eight-way servers has accumulated more cases, such as the national power demand side management platform for the national grid, China.
The oil and petrochemical erp system, the electronic banking system of the Postal Bank and the customer marketing system, the IRS, the National Water and Rainfall Information System of the Ministry of Water and Water, the General Post Office statistical information system have been used in large quantities using Wave 8 servers, and the Yanbian Agricultural Chamber has integrated three operational databases on Wave 860.
The daily synchronization with provincial databases has fallen from 2 hours to 20 minutes. Forty-two percent of the 8x86 servers on the market in 2015 came from waves and have been widely used for core applications in key sectors such as finance, telecommunications, government, energy, and transport; in 2017, q1 q1 has sold 8.25 billion yuan of servers on 8 routes and above in China.
The wave of $2.92 billion; as of 2017h1, the company’s eight-way server market had the first share of 15 consecutive quarters, and its eight-way and over servers continued to account for about 42% of the market share. In addition to x86, the wave’s Scholla 1 in 2013 and the Scholla 13 in 2016 followed.
The Wave Wave K1 system was a major success of the 863 plan, and it was officially launched in 2013 as the third country in the world to have access to a new generation of mainframe technology after the United States of America Day. Wave M13 was launched in 2016, with ras properties and processing capabilities larger than shoulders.
The machine is designed for mega-databases for banks, governments, large enterprises with high stability and availability. The hard quality of the product opens the door to large-scale industrial collections, and there are now large banks, the National Export-Import Bank, and so on.
The case of a machine-purchase company, the Skyshue mainframe.2 The Internet giants are actively promoting al servers, which occupy about 60 per cent of the market, 2.1, gpu upgrades the ai server computing capacity, and Chinai servers are expected to grow rapidly in the future
The current one for the clouds is mainly a gpu server, while the fpga and asic servers will be rapidly developed. The current method for achieving complete AI calculations is the isomeric calculation of the cpu+ai chip, which refers to the co-calculation of processors using different structures.
) mainly used to process a large number of computing tasks in artificial intelligence applications (with a large parallel computing capability superior to cpu) and other non-calculating tasks still performed by cpu, so that the ai chip is also known as the ai accelerator or calculator card.ai applications for cloud servers focus on training and extrapolation of neurological networks, with large amounts of data and high requirements.
cpu+gpu's isomer calculation is the main feature of the current ai calculation, while fpga and asic chips will be fast. In 2017, China's aigpu accelerated computing server market is about $500 million and is expected to be more than $2.5 billion in 2021 al server market.
Iai calculates the main shape of the server. According to idc ' s latest Chinai Basic Structures for the First Half of 2017: Gpu Accelerating the Calculating Server Market Tracking Report, gpu Accelerating the Compute Server Markets in China sold $171 million throughout 2016; driven by a wave of artificial intelligence, it is expected that manufacturers will sell throughout 2017.
The fpga, asic chip applications in the server are also expected to grow rapidly, with the Gpu, fpga, asic wide-ranging i server market going to be more than $2.5 billion 2.2, the company providing an end-to-end solution, and the i server market share exceeding 60%.
Benefiting from close collaboration with Bat, the wave has captured the trend of the ai based on the needs of interconnected enterprises and industrial development, and currently provides an ai solution based on the ai calculation platform (the server ' s computing card covers gpu\Etrknl\fpga), aai calendar system, ai computing framework, ai application programme in four dimensions
The company is currently the main provider of aigpu servers to big Internet players like Bat. The current wave is the main provider of aigpu servers in Bat, and it has established cooperation with a company called Quakers, Quihu 360, Dog Search, Today's Headlines, Face++, etc.
The cabinet server, using the wave of jdm mode, extends cooperation to the architecture and chip layers. The system has now been applied 100% to the unmanned vehicle project, and has been expanded to study and apply to 100 degrees of depth of voice, image, visual, etc.
One machine, a one-size self-help software and a one-size-fits-all computer hardware platform provided by a wave, a modularization of the system Design, which covers wave sr-ai, agx-2, gx4 and other diversified computing platforms, single-stage computing nodes can provide 2-64 different isomer acceleration cards. In the context of the depth learning framework, support can be provided for tensorlow,
Mainstream algorithm frameworks like caffe, cntk, 100 degrees paddlepaddle. Billions. The company's official micro-letter of December 2017 revealed that wave servers account for more than 90% of the base, and that the market for computing servers across China is at least 60%, of which gpu servers account for at least 60%.
In the first half of 2017, the idc calculated the size of the server market at $500 million by the gpu accelerated in 2017, with a 60% share of the wave, and the tidalai server harvest in 2017 is expected to reach RMB 1.89 billion (by RMB 1.89 billion).
Based on the 6.3 exchange rate,3 working with ibm to develop a powerer architecture server, companies actively store 3.1, ibm large and small machines in key application hosting positions, power chip performance
Large and small machines of big foreign players like ibm are still the main servers for key applications such as finance, energy, etc. The replacement of large and small machines by high-end servers x 86 is a gradual process.
Ric architecture servers, with their high-reliability (reliability, availability, serviceability, high availability, high serviceability) characteristics, still account for a major share of key business applications in the financial, energy, etc. industries. For example, core banking systems at the bank’s core require support and access to tens of millions of customers and applications.
Ask system resources to handle big business data at the same time, ensure system safety and reliability, and small machines can achieve these high requirements.
Faced with the impact of the high-end x86 server, ibm opened up its small machine power structure, power chip over-hard technology, and open ecology to enable Chinese enterprises that adopted it to upgrade core competitiveness and profitability. In response to the impact of the x86 server, ibm opened up the small machine technology, which was established in 2013.
Openpower Open Source Foundation. ibmpower opens up hardware architecture (deep to cpu architecture), manipulation systems, intermediates, and databases, subject to security clearance, while Intel’s x86 open source is mainly limited to system applications.
The wave is a platinum member of the Openpower Foundation, established in 2013, and the only wave in the first echelon of global servers is a member of the Foundation. Wave information is one of the platinum members of the Openpower Foundation, though.
So far, the market for power structures has not opened, and wave information has insisted on preparing for possible changes before coming. In September 2017, wave information announced the establishment of a joint venture with ibm to develop power architecture services.
In the evening of September 8, 2017, the tide announcement announced that the company would establish a joint venture with ibm (China), with a sum of RMB 510 million (51%), ibm.
The joint venture will develop, produce, and sell servers based on open power technologies, improve the server ' s ecosystem, establish sustainable development server operations, and provide users with advanced and diversified information products and solutions.
The wave is the platinum members of the Openpower Foundation.
Informationindustry power architecture supports scaleup and scaleout.
The power of the power structure, as a small-scale ibm structure, is strong in key operations, especially the power chip, and Intel has announced that the antenna chip used by SkySky K1 will not be updated in the future.
In this context, the open power company's key business hosting; the open-openpower ecology, with the power set-up supporting scaleeout (horizontal expansion), does not lose the potential of a universal server x86 architecture; and the open power architecture, in the context of a fast-paced one, will support the various hesmological models of cpu\gpu\fpga\asic.
In December 2017, the wave has shown its openpower server, which will be developing multi-products and programs for cloud computing, big data, and a variety of applications for the ai. On December 13, 2017, at the China Summit, the wave showed its openpower server and announced that it will openpower in the future.
Business integrates smart computing strategies, offering an openpower solution for intelligent computing applications such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence. Waveopenpower servers fully support Powerai. Powering is an important part of ibm cognitive systems and is a mainstream depth that can provide pre-recording.
Learning software toolkits that are easier to use and easier to do than open-source-ai frameworks. Moreover, Powerai supports nvlink, which can achieve higher throughput, support larger data sets and more applications, and improve the accuracy of cognitive results. Based on openpower9, wave plans target cloud computing, big data, and al
Different types of applications, development of multi-programmes and products, including traditional hangars, multi-node hangars, multi-node hangars, etc. Not only for traditional industry users, but also for cloud computing operators.
With revenues of around 300 million in 2016, if the future joint venture power server is successfully rolled out, it is expected to raise revenue in the form of a large stock market of small machines for former foreign investors. 3.3. Positive layout storage, with products oriented towards medium- and high-end markets
The high-end storage lines in the wave have been completely upgraded, companies have launched a new generation of virtual gateways as-v, and product parameters have doubled, increased performance and reliability. The wave arrays of subdisks form high, medium, and low-integral solutions and continue to be promoted in areas such as government, public security, and finance.
This is an important breakthrough in the layout of wave-storage product lines, which enhances the competitiveness of wave-based products in high-end storage markets. Driven by nationalization, the wave-storage has taken a new step, as the technology and product power of the country grows, especially with the launch of the new generation of g2 storage platforms.
The business environment test results for the entire cluster of 72pb nuggets, with a total of 288 nodes, of which the metadata cluster 128 nodes, are at the forefront of the industry, and the applicable scene is a quick reading of a large number of small files.
According to idc, the market size of China ' s external storage market was $2,488 million in 2016, with a growth rate of 10.0 per cent, and its output capacity of 8,059.4 pb, with a growth rate of 40.1 per cent, and its share in the global market.
In the idc external storage market report for China for 2016, foreign manufacturers account for 38.0% of the market share, and domestic producers are expected to account for China, the tide, the Xiangi, the co-owners, the visions, the dawn, the association, and the dcn.
In the middle-end storage sector, only Chinese, tidal, Hoshigi, Hoshiwa, Sunshine, Xia, Xia, and dcn are ranked as market participants, with a total market share of 53.0%. Of these, China is ranked among the top three depositors in the rows, the tide, and the three stores in the row, with revenues of $323.1 million, respectively.
United States dollars, $78.8 million and $45.7 million, with growth rates of 78.6 per cent, 32.5 per cent and 7.8 per cent, respectively; China ' s external storage market, 2016; China ' s external storage mid-end market, 2016
Wave storage actively plays its technical “leading” role by investing heavily in all-mortality, software definition storage, supermixing, intelligent storage, etc., leading to future development of storage. The mid-end storage, represented by as18,000, as5800/6800, rose from 42% to 73% in the past, and the wave storage escaped.
The san+nas integrated storage, the isomer blended into active storage, wave storage to meet new storage needs, leading the financial, energy, public security, wide power, and wave storage industries. Smart manufacturing leads to changes in manufacturing methods, and wave smart factories bring new sights.
4.1. China manufactures 2025, and smart manufacturing is leading a change in manufacturing patterns. Over two years after the launch of “China Manufacturing 2025”, top-level design has been completed, and intensive implementation of manufacturing innovation centres, smart manufacturing, industrial foundations, green manufacturing, high-end manufacturing will continue in 2018.
Five major projects for equipment innovation. Concrete measures include the creation of a “China-made 2025” national demonstration area, the development of a world-class advanced manufacturing cluster, the promotion of manufacturing and Internet integration, the organization and implementation of platforms for industrial Internet development, and the “Upper Cloud” project for millions of industrial enterprises, the upgrading of manufacturing supply systems and the implementation of new ones.
The National Pilot Demonstration Project for Smart Manufacturing is actively under way. In 2016, the National Ministry of Industry and Communications published a list of 64 projects to be selected as pilot demonstration projects, which increased to 98 in 2017.
The meeting noted that the next step in the implementation of China Manufacturing 2025 would be the development of smart manufacturing as the main development orientation, the selection of 20-30 cities with good basic conditions and strong demonstration-driven performances, and the continuation of the “China Manufacturing 2025” pilot demonstration.
The 19th Conference further called for accelerating the building of manufacturing powers and the development of advanced manufacturing. The report suggests that “accelerating the building of manufacturing powers and accelerating the development of advanced manufacturing industries” and that advanced manufacturing in the strategic direction of informatization, automation, intelligence, etc., will be the main driving force for real economic development in the future.
On 29 December 2017, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Action Plan on Information Security in Industrial Control Systems (2018-2020), which actively promotes industrial development. The Plan of Action states that the demand for industrial development in the area of industrial control safety is being addressed to accelerate the development of a highly skilled, operational and competitive industrial control system producing enterprises.
Industry and safety service providers, joint industrial enterprises and industry enterprises have developed models of good products and solutions and promoted industry applications.
The Ministry of Industry and Communications has identified the first catalogue of recommended solutions for the manufacturing system. The 23 enterprises selected are: PIC Information Technology.