Quality improvements are evident and capital adequacy is set to increase.
The firm issued a fast-track report on its performance, yielding $537 billion in 2017, a 6.13 per cent increase in yoy, a net gain of $192.7 billion and a 4.90 per cent increase in yoy, with a 7.30 per cent increase in 4q battalions and a 10.64 per cent increase in net gains, both faster than 30 and the year as a whole, with excellent performance.
The start of the year was significantly reduced, and it was also significantly lower than in the previous quarter. In addition, the company announced a $100 billion plan for an increase in the amount of money to be raised by the Hong Kong Corporation, the Ministry of Finance, the China Tobacco General Corporation, Shanghai Sea Tobacco Investment Management Ltd., Sino-Chinese Capital, the China Tobacco General Company, Hubei Province, Xinhua Insurance, and raising funds.
All to supplement core-level capital, we expect that when the funds are raised, there will be a significant increase in the capital adequacy of the firm. The company is currently undervalued, asset quality improvements are visible, dividends are attractive, 40 performance is bright, single-season net gains are 10.64%: the firm issues its performance report, which was achieved throughout the year 2017.
Revenues increased by 537 billion, yoy by 6.13 per cent, resulting in net gains of 19.27 billion and yoy by 4.90 per cent, of which net interest differentials spread in a cost-consistency context: at the income end, agricultural bank deposits are in the total product mix
More than 80% of liabilities, capital cost advantages are evident, the liabilities are stable, the income spreads are on the whole, the revenue contribution is on the whole rising, leading to growth at the pick-up end.
Continuous improvement in the quality of assets and counter-bullying profits: the continued improvement in the quality of assets was the main highlight of the annual report of the Farmers ' Bank, with 1.81 per cent of the company ' s poor rate as of 4q2017, a decrease of 56bp from the beginning of the year, a reduction in the relative negative impact of higher prices (e.g., real estate, raw materials) and higher write-offs by companies
Disposal. Benefiting from a decline in bad rates, 402017 recorded a 208% increase in coverage, 35 percentage points higher than in the previous year, and a 14 percentage point rise in the ring. It is believed that, in the future, as the quality of agricultural assets continues to improve, the pressure of the provision slows down, leading to more counter-bullying profits.
In terms of coverage versus loan allocation, the agricultural sector is expected to continue to increase negative write-offs, reduce poor rates, and improve its quality assets further. In the near future, the capital adequacy rate will increase considerably: the firm has also announced a target of $100 billion.
The plan is to increase the cost of issuing no less than each share of the net assets, to be targeted at remittance companies, the Ministry of Finance, China Tobacco General Corporation, Shanghai Sea Smoking Investment Management Limited, China Defense Capital, China's General Tobacco Administration, Hubei Province Company, Xinhua Insurance, and to raise funds to supplement the core level of capital.
With the availability of funds, the capital adequacy rate of the agricultural sector will increase considerably, and we measure an increase in the core capital adequacy rate of 0.8 percentage points. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: looking ahead, net corporate interest differentials in the context of debt sustainability
It is expected that the increase will continue, that the asset quality will be improved and that the profits will increase further, with a constant increase of hundreds of millions of dollars, and that the expected remuneration (expected return; er) will prevail, as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.