Event: Agricultural Bank announces the non-public distribution a-share scheme, which is intended to be made public to a specific target.
The shares do not exceed 27,470 million shares, and the total amount of funds raised is not expected to exceed RMB 100 billion to supplement the capital adequacy rate, which is increased and effectively increased, with limited impact on the capital.
The price is less negative. The former shareholder money transfer companies and the Ministry of Finance each subscribe to $40 billion and $39.2 billion, China tobacco and its subsidiaries to $20 billion, and Xinhua insurance to around $700 million, without the need to raise the core-level capital adequacy rate from the second level, and the regulatory requirement to provide coverage could be reduced to “the best possible”
The firm has been at the lowest of the state-owned capital adequacy rates due to its late listing. According to the three quarterly reports, the fixed core capital adequacy rate can be increased by 0.8 pc, effectively mitigating the capital replenishment pressure. In addition, according to the guidelines of the most recent issue No. 7 of the Banking Commission.
Measuring that the original indicators of restraint for agricultural banks were capital adequacy, with refinancing replenished to meet the “best-scaling” conditions, with the corresponding coverage and loan allocation requirements being reduced to 120 per cent and 1.5 per cent, at a pace that was expected to be implemented after 17 years of redweeding, with no immediate impact on former shareholders.
It is expected to be implemented after 17 years, with no immediate impact on the original equity bonus. In the long run, we measure the net profit from the profit projection model at around $203.2 billion for 18 years, plus 0.58 for the ps and bvps, respectively.
As a result of this upward trend, it is expected that the assets quality of the company will continue to improve, that profitability will continue to improve, or that it will gradually compensate for the amplification effects of the increase. Profitability will increase steadily, and asset quality will improve significantly.
Three bright spots: 1) profit growth increases by 10 per cent on a quarterly basis q4 quarter-year-on-year increase: in 17 years, a net return of $192.9 billion was achieved, an increase of 4.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, of which q4 increased by 10.7 per cent in a single quarter and 5.8 pc higher than in a third quarter, with profit growth increasing by a seasonal rate; 2) a small increase in net interest differentials: same as a major business,
(b) Based on the county market, where deposits have a clear advantage, with net interest differentials ranging from 3 bps to 2.28 per cent higher than at the end of the 16-year period, as a result of the upward trend in loan returns;
The two-fold drop in the negative rate and the marked improvement in the quality of assets and the expectation that valuations will continue to improve.As assessed: the most significant improvement in the quality of assets has been in profitability projections and investment ratings: the agricultural banks have steadily increased their performance, interest differentials have rebounded, and the liabilities have had significant advantages.
Large, high performance elasticity - 20171031 Increased profitability. Asset quality indicators are good on the whole, bad rates are significantly reduced, the balance of non-performing loans is reduced net, and the improvement in asset quality is the most significant in State-owned banks.
Performance growth is robust, asset quality changes are made, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board