Deposit advantage leads to a recovery in interest differentials, asset quality continues to improve, Martinín
Quarter-by-season acceleration. Net return profit achieved in 17 years was $19,296 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, of which q4 seasons q4 seasons increased by 16.9 per cent over the same period, while core profitability improved significantly. At the income end: net interest income increased steadily, fee income continued to decline. Operating income increased by 6.1 per cent over the same period, q4 quarter
The net revenue from interest is 11% higher. The net income from fees and commissions is 19.8% lower than in the previous year.
This advantage led to a significant increase in the q4 net difference. 17 years of net farm interest, 2.28%, up from 4bps in the first half of the year.
At the end of the 17-year period, there was a significant increase in the size of the total assets.
End-of-term bond increases. In 17 years, investment assets (bonds + receivables) declined, but current deposits increased by about 90 billion. Total deposits at the end of 17 years were about 16.19 trillion, down by 17.5 billion from the end of September, of which time deposits fell by about 32.8 billion, or partly because of high costs.
▪ Increase in the level of write-off disposal to promote better quality of assets and increase the coverage of the provision to over 200 per cent. For the third quarter in a row, the poor balance fell twice as much as the share, mainly because the write-off rate continued to increase. The negative rate at the end of the 17-year period was 1.17 per cent. Of this, the county non-performing loan rate was 2.17 per cent, a significant decrease of 0.45pc from the end of September.
Large banks, which meet the “best” rating of document No. 7. When asset quality indicators are significantly improved, provision coverage continues to increase by 14.08 pc to 208.4 per cent compared with the end of September.
The ratio of “bad/lated loans over 90 days” is approximately 146 per cent, “what is the write-off and transfer/return write-off and transfer?” is about 164 per cent, and the capital adequacy rate is 13.74 per cent (previously subject to this indicator).
2. Banking feature report: Change of angle:  Profit forecast and investment rating: Agricultural banks have grown steadily, interest differentials have recovered, liabilities have gained significant advantages and profitability has increased. Increased write-off disposal efforts, negative loan balances and negative rates have been net for three consecutive quarters.
Reductions, and asset quality indicators are on the right line. Provide coverage and lead the country ' s major companies, which will increase their core-level capital if completed, thus opening the way for future development. It is expected that their net return profits will be realized in 18/19/20.