Quality improvements in assets are evident, and the three farmers are growing faster.
Annual reports issued by the Agricultural Bank, which generated $537 billion in 2017 and 6.13 per cent growth in yoy, resulting in a net gain of $192.7 billion and an increase in yoy of 4.90 per cent, with a 7.33 per cent increase in 4q camps and a 10.68 per cent increase in net gains, all of which were faster than 30 and the year as a whole, with excellent performance. In terms of income and profits, the net income gap has recovered.
In terms of asset quality, improvements are evident, with a significant decline in bad rates compared to the beginning of the year and a much smaller decline than in the previous quarter. Companies now value lower, asset quality improvements are evident, and dividends are attractive and offer “buy-in” investment advice.
40 Performance was impressive, with a single-season net gain of 10.68 per cent: annual reports issued by the farmers ' bank, $537 billion, 6.13 per cent in 2017 and a net gain of $192.7 billion, 4.90 per cent in yoy, with a significant cost-side advantage of 4q battalion, with an increase of nearly 3 per cent in net profit contribution: agricultural silver at the income end
Rows account for more than 80 per cent of total liabilities, capital cost advantages are evident, in the context of a stable liability and an overall increase in interest differentials (3bp to 2.28 per cent on the basis of corporate disclosure of year-on-year net interest differentials), and net interest income contributed 13.67 per cent overall, leading to growth at the end of the harvest.
Billion yuan, an increase of 26.2 per cent over the previous year, continued improvement in the quality of assets and anti-bullying profits: the continuing improvement in the quality of assets was the main highlight of the annual report of the Farmers Bank, which as of 402017 recorded a negative corporate rate of 1.81 per cent, a decrease of 56bp from the beginning of the year.
30 drops of 16bp and the balance of non-performing loans of $194 billion, which is nearly 20% below the previous year, focussing on suboptimal loan growth and collateral increases (e.g., real estate, raw materials) leading to a reduction in negative aspects, while companies have also increased write-off disposals.
The coverage rate is 208%, 35 percentage points higher, and the ring 14 percentage points higher. It is believed that in the future, as the quality of agricultural assets continues to improve, the pressure of the provision slows, leading to more counter-bullying profits.
Continued increase in negative write-offs (based on new regulatory requirements, it is expected that farmers' provision coverage and loan allocation are expected to increase further, with profit projections and investment proposals: looking ahead, with firm net interest differentials expected to continue to rise, with better asset quality added, and profits expected to increase further, with hundreds of billions of dollars in growth, against a background of steady indebtedness)
After that, the corporate capital level has increased overall. We expect the company to increase its profits separately in 2018 and 2019. The interview reports refer to the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... it is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in all or part of the report.