Agricultural banks: To supplement core-level capital capital with a fixed increase of hundreds of billions. The issuance price is 90% of the average value of stock transactions a on 20 trading days prior to the base date and the net share of the average stock share that was audited at the end of the last month of the pre-issuance bank as belonging to the parent company's general equity shareholders.
Hundreds of millions of dollars will be added to core-level capital, which, measured staticly, will be about 80 bp higher than at the end of the third quarter. By the end of the third quarter, the core-level capital adequacy rate was 10.58 per cent, the lowest of the four rows.
But, as a global system-critical bank, there was still a need for capital supplementation in the past. According to our static estimates, the core-level capital adequacy of the firm could increase by 80 bp at the end of the third quarter, to 11.38%, opening up space for future development.
The issuance price is no less than the net asset share, and does not have a negative impact. The total market value/flow (millions) of this increase is the average value of the shares traded in the first 20 trading days prior to the base date of the pricing (first issue)
90% of the 12-month maximum/minimum net asset value is higher than the value of the audited net assets at the end of the most recent month before issuance. By performance report, the company ' s bvps in 2017 are 4.15% higher than the latest prices.
With the addition of core-level capital, business development spaces, such as intra-table credit, will also be opened for long-term growth in agribusiness. There is no need to worry about the impact on market liquidity without raising funds from secondary markets.
In total, seven persons were issued, namely, HCC, the Ministry of Finance, the China Tobacco General Corporation, Shanghai Sea Tobacco Investment Management Limited, Sino-Chinese Viti Capital, the China Tobacco General Company Hubei Province Company, and Xinhua Insurance, and did not raise funds from the secondary market and did not have to worry about the impact on market liquidity.
The firm's performance is good, and there's still room for valuation. Today, the firm discloses a fast report on its performance. Business income of $537.41 billion, an increase of 6.13 per cent in 2017, and net profit of $192,962 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year.
The net profit of the mother grew by 10.68 per cent over the same period. The asset quality continued to improve, with a negative rate of 1.81 per cent at the end of 2017, with six consecutive quarterly rings declining, 56bp below the end of 2016 and three quarters below, leaving room for agricultural valuation.
Economic rehabilitation is closely linked and requires close attention.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report