Agricultural banks (1288.hk, 601288.ss): fast-track reports on performance and plans for additional distribution in 2017; capital adequacy rates or small increases, with each share being profitable or spread; Agricultural banks have announced plans to raise up to 100 billion yuan in equity in non-public distribution to supplement the core level of capital;
Yang Sook, ph.d. (Research Assistant) Ben. In addition, the Agricultural Bank published an unaudited fast-tracked performance report for 2017.
1. The Farmers’ Bank plans to issue publicly up to 27.5 billion shares a, or 8.5 per cent of the shares that have already been issued in the Outer Islands, to include the Gold Company, the Ministry of Finance, the China Tobacco General Corporation, and so on. The announcement indicates that the shareholdings of the money transfer companies and the Ministry of Finance will remain unchanged at 40.03 per cent and 39.21 per cent, respectively.
The issuing price is 90 per cent of the average transaction value of the company ' s share for 20 trading days prior to the base date of the pricing and the higher value of each share of the net assets that was audited at the end of the latest month before the issuance by the company and that was attributed to the parent ' s general share holders (for reasons of interpretation, the firm assumes in its presentation that the value of each share of the company ' s net assets in 2016 was RMB 3.97).
4. While we do not comment on the success of this non-public release, for the purposes of interpretation, we assume that the increase will be completed by the standards indicated in the bulletin (figure 1).
The sub-financing will drive an increase of 0.8 percentage points to 11.5 per cent at the first level in 2018, with a potential spread of up to 6 per cent per share of net assets per share/share per share. By the third quarter of 2017, the capital adequacy at the farm level/total capital adequacy rate would have been 10.6 per cent to 13.4 per cent, respectively, and the asset-reprising cycle would have been expected to boost the new assets of the firm.
The Bank has also indicated that it meets the minimum allocation criteria in the latest provision request (document No. 7). We believe that the agricultural bank ' s non-performing loan provision coverage of 208 per cent in 2017 shows no pressure on the provision, and that there is room for further improvement in net post-tax profits and capital strength.
Figure 1: With other conditions remaining unchanged, this financing will drive the first-level capital adequacy rate to increase by 0.8 percentage points to 11.5 per cent in 2018, per share of profits/net assets from the profits/spent assets 1.additionalyearcapital*assumesthattycatalisfulfuldeployedin4q18, androe 16 per cent (incimpactromextraearnings/extraretaineedearnings).
3. Assumedividendpayoutioat 30%. 3.Assumeessuanceof27.5bnsharesatrm3.97aspercompannouncement.
Potential profitability per share of new assets note: weassumathethhenewcapitalwillbefuldilutedin4q18, and roe 16% (incimpactfromextrainings/extraretained)
The Agricultural Bank ' s Rapid Performance Report shows that net profits increased by 5 to 193 million yuan in 2017 on a year-on-year basis, 3 per cent or 2 per cent higher than our/Pombo market year-on-year projections. Operating income increased by 6 to 2396 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, 2 per cent higher than our year-on-year projections.
2. The quality of assets continues to improve. The negative rate fell by 56 basis points in 2017 compared to the same year, while the rate of non-performing loan provisions rose to 208 per cent, ranking first among the four major lines, indicating that the Bank had disposed of bad assets in a timely manner, and we await further details from the annual report issued at the end of March.
Chart 3: The Agricultural Bank ' s Rapid Performance Report shows that net profits increased by 5 to 193 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis in 2017, which is 3 per cent higher than our/Pombo market forecast for the year as a whole; operating income increased by 6 to 236.6 billion yuan, which is 2 per cent higher than our forecast for the year as a whole.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. The length, return and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Young Shun, ph.d.: Chinese finance. Tang Wai City, cfa:a stockbrokers, Chinese voucher dealers.a Stockholders: Galaxy securities (a), Merchant securities (a), CCS securities (a), Gwang Da securities (a), Hwang-bang securities (a), Khai-An (a), Hinter-Tung-tung securities (a), Hwa-Thai securities (a), East securities (a).
China ' s finance: Agricultural Bank (a), Agricultural Bank (h), Bank of China (a), Bank of China (h), Transport Bank (a), Transport Bank (h), Bank of Nanjing, Bank Ningbo, Bank of Sino-China (a), Bank of Sino-China (h), Construction Bank (a), Construction Bank (h), Guang Da Bank of China, Chinaeverbrightbank (h), Recruitment Bank (a), Recruitment Bank (h), Rural Commercial Bank Chongqing, Huaxia Bank, Business Bank (a), Commerce and Industry Bank (h), Bank of Heng Bing, Lei Group, Bank of Peace, Post Bank, Poupou Bank.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on agricultural banks (a) (rmb 4.03), agricultural banks (h) (hk$4.47) company ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Service.