The Jiangsu Bank’s three-quarter harvest continues to be at the forefront of the industry, with a further negative capital structure. Optimization has led to improved interest-rate differentials in the single-season ring, and the overall asset quality of the company has remained robust, with an increase in the level of provision.
The first three quarters of Jiangsu Bank's net profit increased by 15.8 per cent and by 0.9 percentage points more than in the first half of the year.
The company ' s operating income for the first three quarters continued to increase rapidly (+27.4%, yoy) on the basis of the low base for the same period last year, roughly at the same level as in the first half of the year (+27.3%), and Jiangsu Bank is expected to grow in absolute terms at the top of the main listed banks.
In order to remove the disturbance of accounting standards, we have combined net interest income with investment returns, which increased by 33.0 per cent in the previous three quarters, at a rate similar to that of the first half of the year (+34.2 per cent).
Jiangsu Bank has seen a round-up of interest-rate spreads in the first quarter of the third quarter, and we measure a two-quarter increase in net interest-rate differentials ranging from 14bp to 1.35%. On both sides of the scale, positive performance has been achieved, on the one hand, the asset-end rate of return was 8bp as compared to the previous two quarters, and on the other hand, the cost of interest-paying liabilities has decreased by 7bp as compared to the two-quarters.
The positive performance is due to further refinements in the corporate asset structure. Three quarters of the company’s asset allocation has helped to reduce the end cost of the company’s liabilities.
2.03%. We measure the annualized non-performing loan generation rate of 0.88% for the three quarter seasons, which is the same as for the two seasons, and the overall positive balance in the quality of the company ' s assets. The company further increased its provision in the three quarters by raising the cost of credit by 10 bp to 1.58% over the two quarters.
Increased risk-resilientness with a ring increase of 11bp to 3.13 per cent.
The downside of the economy is the expected drop in asset quality.
The Jiangsu Bank published its third quarterly report for 2019, with net profits of +15.8 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, totalling $2.07 trillion in assets (+6.56 per cent, faster revenue recovery and faster recovery of fees and charges)
In the first three quarters, Jiangsu’s net profit increased by 15.8 per cent over the same period, a further 0.9 percentage points over the first half of the year. The company’s operating income for the first three quarters continued to increase rapidly (+27.4 per cent, yoy) on the basis of the low base for the same period last year, roughly at the same level as in the first half of the year (+27.3 per cent), and Jiangsu Bank is expected to grow at the top of the main listed banks in absolute terms.
Taking into account the standards, in order to remove the disruptions of accounting standards, we have combined net interest income with investment returns, which increased by 33.0 per cent in the previous three quarters, at a rate similar to that of the first half of the year (+34.2 per cent). In addition, the rate of increase in the company ' s revenue from fees in the third quarter has been repaired, with an increase of 8.80 per cent in the previous three quarters, with a single-season interest difference that has improved and a further negative structure optimized.
Jiangsu Bank has seen a rounded improvement in the three-quarters single-season net interest differentials, which are measured to be 14 bp to 1.35% higher than in the two-quarters. Disbursings shows good performance at both ends, with asset-end returns dropping by 7 bp from the two-quarters. We believe that the positive performance of net interest differentials is due to further refinements in the corporate asset structure.
In the context of lower interest rates, an appropriate increase in corporate liabilities can help reduce the end cost of corporate liabilities. The asset quality is stable, and the base of the provision is further strengthened.
Quarterly annualized non-performing loans generated at 0.88 per cent, which is the same ratio as the 2-quarter round, show a positive overall improvement in the quality of corporate assets. The company increased its provision further in the 3rd quarter, with credit costs rising by 10bp to 1.58 per cent over the 2-quarter period, contributing to the level of provision.
The overall asset quality of the company remains robust and the level of provision is further improved. Given the apparent shift in the negative + concern loan ratio of the company, the downside asset quality of the economy is higher than expected. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between business development and economic development.
Downwards, banks’ asset quality is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting their profitability. At present, US-American trade pulls saws, macroeconomic uncertainties, and, as a follow-up, economic dynamics need to be closely monitored.