The Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies has outperformed its expectations, and the effect of the reforms has been evident for 21 years, with the dream of 6+ stepping into the accelerated release period. 184,000 tons of white wine sold in 21 years, compared to the same amount.
The dream 3 is more than 40% in the blue classics, the fast dream 6+, the dream 9+, and the crystal dream has basically been replaced by the old version.
At home, with its emphasis on strategically oriented product creation, it continues to optimize the structure and layout of the distributors. High-paying employee entitlements, trust impairments are completed. 21-year Māori ratio +3.1 pct, expected to be a product. 2. Dream Series acceleration, expected to accelerate next year’s reform-empowerment
Upgraded product structure; sales rate equal to +1.6 pct, with advertising promotions, employee remuneration rate equal to €1 million, q1 no longer counting, 22h1 will recognize more than 100 million losses, which are expected to be covered by the forward plan. 21q4 spring spring, advance payment, pre-positioning. 21q4 sales received +79% and 22q1 sales received the same year.
Compare to $11.8 pct, which is a mismatch between tax payments; sales rates are equal to +19.4 pct, or spring holidays are in advance of the end of the year to recognize the promotion of Ja + bonus, deducting the non-net interest rate from the same ratio + 25.5 pct.
q1 continues to sing at the time of the return of Jiang Su-chun. Source feedback indicates that q1 is moving faster than in previous years by 5 pct, q1 contract liabilities are equal to +59%, q1 is projected to grow at 6+ or more than 50%, crystal dreams are improved, the sky is new and old and the sea blues are doing well. q1 Māori/tax rates and surcharges are good.
The internal and external rings are better, and the value is higher. Jiangsu economy Alpha is stronger, q2 is less damaged, q2 has recently improved the edge of the East China epidemic, q2 returns are gradually opened (20%) waiting for midday demand to recover. Seablue stopped on April 1st, and is being upgraded; 22 years of dream 6+ provinces, with edges around it.
In the medium-to-long term, the company's reform of its internal mechanisms has continued, as reflected in: (1) the restructuring of the marketing directors of strategic markets, such as the Emblem and Zhejiang, and the activation of the young cadres; (2) the former Liu Xin Xin
More than 30 regions have been transformed into 62 ministries, promoting new recruits, streamlining layers, decentralizing powers; and (3) first-line incentives, such as salary increases, and employee-share schemes. The risk of recurrent epidemics, regional competition, less than expected growth, and food security.