Ocean River shares (002.04): Power is up, power is up, Headquarters convenes the Shareholders Assembly in 2021.
The company's vision of the blue classic, especially the dream blue, is upgraded to a dream “blue map”; what it needs to consume is a blueprint; what the tide is about is a blueprint; what it's about is a blueprint.
"The hardest, the hottest, the sweetest" trio: 1) returns to value, creating the "hardest" quality. 2) Respond to the era, creating the "most modern" brand. 3) Return to society, creating the "most desirable" character.
Since the second half of 2019, the company has been able to restructure itself, and after more than two years, it is now largely out of the valley. In late January 2021, Mr. Zhang was the director of the company, and the product upgrades began to show results. In the area of personnel, the equity incentive programme was tied up.
In marketing reform, companies have transformed the region into 62 departments, driving the organization to sink, sink, subdued power, and increase organizational responsiveness.
Upgraded, M6+ launched at the end of 2019, followed by a m3 crystal bottle, followed by a new blue product, and the market responded well. The blue of the sea was launched in May this year.
Upgrade, the new edition of Sea Blue, with three years or more of base wine, is now being tested in some parts of the country, and the trend is gradually improving - 2022-04-29. The High-end Liquor Department has been set up to promote a 1,000-dollar price of hand-made and m9.
A study on the dynamics of Ocean River shares (002.04): entering the new belt, master's manual courses against fine labels continue to raise brand heights. Business goal in 2022: to achieve an increase of business income of more than 15 per cent.
The company's current double-line operation, that is, a recovery in sales, has not yet taken place. The recovery has taken the following measures: organisational activation of cadres for rejuvenation, quality.
Upgrading engineering, integration of manufacturers, and transformation of marketing patterns. The future of the layout is essentially a three-fold market strategy: dream blue nationalization, product regional high-end, high-speculation market. The company insists on "beautiful ocean rivers, windy ditches, colorful wines,
The colourful strategy of the village of Seven Pears remains the same: the deepness of the ocean rivers, the nationalization of the two ravine areas, and the national regionalization of precious wine.
2022 Business Plan 1: 1) Product-driven, with the objective of "Cleaner product lines, more focused dominant products, high-end products, new plans for old known wine"; 2) Marketing pull-out, sinking marketing agencies, focusing on nationalization and high-end,
(c) Brand promotion, adhering to the “four-high” principle of “high position, high difference, high resonance, high reputation”;
The company has put in place a stock incentive program, offering revenue in 2021 and 2022, and the crystal bottle follows the strategy, and the sky and blue upgrades are on the market, after mid-autumn this year.
The test, which is expected to be about 60%, will be tested for the second season in spring 2022. Considering that the blue power of the dream has been formed, m6+exploitation has accelerated, m3 crystal bottles have accelerated recovery, seafood stocks are benign and prices are stable, we think that next.
The blue of the sea and the m9 upgrades have become logical, the blue of the sea can slow down the growth of the company, and the company has accelerated into a virtuous path. The company’s four visions for the future: first, m6+ is the engine of the company’s future.
M6+ Release achieves two objectives: sales above $10 billion and financial calibres; and, second, the 400-500-dollar price band of the m3 crystal bottle, which is expected to accelerate recovery, and the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky guarantee that the basic plate will be stabilized and the price moved simultaneously (expected blue of the sea).
The brand, which is expected to sell more than $10 billion in the future, and fourth, now that the sauce is hot, the Guizhou Liquor (buyed by the ocean river in June 2016) is expected to grow faster. As the m6+ evolves into a new engine for the company, it will continue to strengthen the public.
We believe that the company has entered a new phase, that it continues to see the company back on track, and that the crystal bottle season is less than expected, the blue season is less than expected, and the blue ocean is not adjusted.
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.