Ocean River shares (002.04): performance against expectations, trend towards good corporate income of $25.35 billion in 2021, or 20.14 per cent; net return to mother
30.44 per cent of the gain or loss on non-current items, especially on the fair value of the Chinese and Chinese securities, was equal to or less 2 billion yuan. Of this amount, 2,021q4 received $3.408 billion (a similar increase of 39.37 per cent in sales costs) (an increase of 19 pct, a fourth-quarter salary and promotion fee for employees.
Study on the Dynamics of Ocean River Stock (002.04): Towards a new product structure that continues to be optimized, the share of the economy continues to rise, with $21,521 million (same increase) in high-end alcohol products in mid-2021.
In 2021, 18.4 million tons of white wine were sold (the same increase, 5192 in the provinces). The change in the number of distributors was mainly due to the company’s pro-business activities.
The principle of the trade-facilitator, with a focus on strategic product-making, the structure of the distributors and secondary entrepreneurship, the four main points for the future 2022 Business Plan: 1) product-driven, with “product line clarity, product ownership”
(b) Marketing pulls down, the marketing agencies sink, the focus is on nationalization and high-end, the increase in the number of ditches and wines, the balance of prices in provincial markets, and the optimization of out-of-provincial cities.
Field product structure; 3) brand drive, adhering to the “four-high” principle of “high position, high difference, high resonance, high reputation”; 4) organizational drive, creation of a second-level entrepreneurial workforce.
The company has implemented the equity incentive program, offering the 2021 and 2022 harvests, the crystal bottle follows the strategy, the sky blue upgrades are on the market, and, after the mid-autumn test this year, it is expected to return to about 60% and take the second time in spring 2022.
Considering that the blue of the dream has been formed, that the m6+ release has accelerated, that the crystal bottle has accelerated the recovery, that the sea's inventory is good and that prices are stable, we think that the sea's blues and m9s are going to rise, and that the sea's blues are going to slow the growth of the company.
The company’s four visions for the future: first, m6+ is the company’s future engine of power, achieving two goals through the m6+ release: sales and financial calibres exceed $10 billion;
Second, the 400-500-dollar price band of the m3 crystal bottle is expected to accelerate recovery, and the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky guarantee that the basic plate will be stabilized and the price will shift simultaneously.
The Guizhou Liquor is expected to grow faster by a single drop. As the M6+ becomes a new engine for the company, it will continue to consolidate its position as the first trinity of white wine and will also provide the company's access to high-end drinking camps.
We believe that the company has entered a new phase, and we continue to look forward to a faster return to business, a less than anticipated, less than expected, less than the blue season, less than the blue of the sea, less than expected, less than expected, and less than expected growth in the brands of the two ditches.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking about white wine plates, with deep market-based thinking and insight into Soo's wine. What's the word: Shandong University, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, has a double master of law and economics that reflects my research?
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.