00234.sz. Marketing reform and product upgrading dividends continue to be released.
(a) Marketing reforms are deepening, product ladders, organizational structures and business environments are actively adjusted and home-grown businesses are constantly operating.
Improved, 2) product upgrades are steadily moving forward, dreams of new and old replacements are completed, Sea Blue is fully upgraded in May, dreams 6+ are expected to be steadily released, 3) the epidemic is taking into account the current pace of repayments and sales recovery, and the company ' s performance is more robust throughout the year; in the medium and long term, the company is caught up in sub-high-level alcohol promotion dividends, built-in reforms are dynamic, dreams 6+ growth is strong, nationalization is steadily advancing, and the company ' s performance continues to grow steadily.
In the past year, companies have continued to implement marketing reforms, including organizational, marketing and product-related changes: 1) organizational and personnel downgrading, full implementation of decentralization and full regional authority. 2) Promotion of pay reform, introduction of a system of process appraisal indicators, overall
This has led to an increase in the proportion of wages earned. 3) The business environment has been strengthened, with a view to the rejuvenation of the cadres and the continuous exchange of staff and distributors. (4) The product lines have been thoroughly streamlined and determined to cut down more than 700 non-profit products, including the purchase of products.
The product upgrades have been steadily advanced, the dream has been completed, the blue of the sea has been fully upgraded in May, and the dream 6+ is expected to be steadily released.
It took a year and a half to complete the full upgrade, until the digitalization of the blue classic series of products is complete. Dream 6+ as a corporate strategic single item, sword as a $10 billion target for sales. Now, Dream 6+ has entered the rapid growth and release phase in the provincial market; and in the outside-provincial nurturing market, dream 6+ open bottle numbers continue to be better and equal, and it is expected that it will be gradually released.
The impact of the epidemic on companies is manageable and limited, with cautious and optimistic outlooks for the second half of the year, and the year-round marketing goals and expectations are not adjusted.
But it's not the company's main distribution area, and the impact of the epidemic on the company as a whole is limited. Looking ahead, considering that macroeconomic policies and the real estate market have released a series of positive signals, and the company's optimism about a follow-up response to the epidemic, coupled with the fact that a lot of work has been done by the company in the first quarter of the year, the company is expected to achieve its overall goals successfully this year.
Investment Recommendations: Keeping the company fully enjoying the sub-high-end alcohol uplifting dividend, maintaining the “buy-in” rating In the short term, taking into account the current repayment progress and recovery in sales, the company's performance throughout the year is strongly supported; In the medium and long term, the company is pressing for the sub-higher-end alcohol uplifting dividend, the endogenous reforms are dynamic, the growth of the 6+ growth is robust, the national release is steadily advancing, and the company's performance is steadily increasing.
Risks of macroeconomic volatility, risk of large-scale recurrence of the epidemic, product structural escalation below expected risk, and regional expansion below expected risk.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject