Reforms continued, dividends were released, growth targets were exceeded, and performance was prominent. A fair value change affected the net profit of the mother in 2021, and the net profit of the non-retroactive mother in comparison to the ratio of 30.44 per cent, of which 21q4 was collected.
There are still plenty of reservoirs. Since there were no outbreaks in Jiangsu province during the spring season, there were more returnees, sales were significantly better than in the previous two years, although in the second quarter they were disturbed by the Shanghai epidemic, in April the overall sales were low, and the company launched a "70 days of dry" marketing campaign this month.
The dream series went well and the structure optimized the release of profits. In mid-2021, 184,000 tons of high-end alcohol and common wine were sold, compared to 18.13% in +18.13%, with revenues of $21,522 million and $3,118 million, respectively.
The market is expected to be marketed in three quarters. The sales rate for 2021 and 22q1 sales is equal to +1.64 pct, Ocean River shares (002304.sz):
In 2021, the company developed over a long period of time within and outside the province, and sustained improvement in the management of the riverine shares (002304.sz): continuation.
The division of the regions into 61 departments, decentralized decision-making, and a change in the stereotypes of the past application of the provincial model, policies adapted to the local context, helped to open up and nurture the extra-provincial market, and the ocean river shares (002304.sz): management
As the blue moves into a stable normal, the sky and the series of dreams will be much easier to add up. Together, the interests will accelerate the release of profit projections and investment ratings: once the new chairman has taken office, he will display a great spirit of change, beginning with full membership.
With pay increases, equity incentives, crowd-building, universal access to promotions, opportunities for young people, and tight, and then flat-level reforms, we believe that corporate development is back on track and that the results of the reforms can be found in Sinda Securities.
Risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainties; increased risks associated with competition in the industry
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.