Performance grew fast and the dividends of change continued to materialize on 29 April 2022, with the release of 2021 and the first quarterly report 2022. The company raised $25.4 billion in 2021.
20.1% net return to the mother, 7.51 billion yuan plus 0.34% (mainly due to the effect of the change in the fair value of the securities held in Chinese and Chinese), net profit deductions from the mother, 7.37 billion yuan, or 30.4%, were achieved by the end of which the income exceeded the annual income by 2,31 billion yuan, or 55.8% of which contributed to the year's excess income tasks, q4 was sold
\triangleright sales cost of 39.37%, an increase of 19.41pc, which increases the annual sales cost.
Yao Qinjiang, billions of dollars, anchoring sub-highly challenged prices, benefiting from a rapid increase in the foreign exchange volume of the provincial consumption uplifting + province, with small price fluctuations since 22 years, the intra-provincial exchange price remaining at $600 + and the quota stock remaining at about a month ' s worth of water
In addition, the two trenches have been operating independently for 21 years and have been engaged in recruiting outside the province around Shandong and Hebei, and 1.
The impact of the epidemic is generally manageable, and it continues at the established pace throughout the year.
2. Three-quarterly reporting points on the River Ocean (002304), concentrated in the south-south of the province and in settlements, with limited movement of people between the city and the city, the rest of the province and the rest of the city ' s canteens, etc.
The cost scenario is normal, the effects of light season marketing can be controlled, and the stock can be absorbed. After spring 2022, the company promoted the organization 3. Ocean River shares (002304); the first was “four-politik” reforms, which helped to further improve the efficiency of company decision-making. In 2022, the second one was corporate equity incentives.
4. Ocean River shares (002304), semi-annual 2021: Investment proposal: rapid growth in corporate performance in the first quarter of 2022, with essentially finished products, organizations, and products.
After a successful change of product, a return to faster growth of income, and a wide range of reforms, such as marketing, the dividends of the reform are about to be released, we believe that the company has launched a new round of staffing cycle plus the draft stock plan.
\triangleright between \triangleright; 2) leading products such as increased competition in the core market within or outside the province are not as well marketed as expected; 3) outbreak impact methodology and analytical logic lead to findings, independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.