Purple share (000938), company network leader, dynamic operator market, purple share.
Sdn/nfv has been agreed for the next 10 years. The core business of the UV shares in the 5g era basically covers the ict service.
The surge in traffic and the complexity of operations are unprecedented in the 1g-4g era and require re-engineering of the network. Important areas are hardware, which provides smart network equipment, and the current barriers to re-engineering of the network are the traditional mode of lock-in by equipment manufacturers and the North-South interface is not open.
Repository systems, full series servers, etc., which are oriented towards the future, sdn and nfv can, through hardware and software decoupling and virtualization, fix the manufacturer's locking down the advanced equipment of the traditional network computing structure and work to build a complete system.
As a result, the deployment of sdn/nfv has evolved into a 5g network consensus, operating globally, and a powerful “coated-net-end” industrial chain.
We believe that sdn/nfv will not change the location of the equipment dealer in the industrial chain, but may be a major opportunity to reshuffle the pattern of the equipment dealer. The sdn controller is at the core of the entire sdn architecture, while the south interface protocol is the most important part of the sdn controller, the netconf of the current equipment commercials.
The agreement is excellent. The equipment dealer still holds the key parts of sdn. In the future, it can be seen that in the industrial chain he still has the right to speak the whole share of the stock/flowa (in thousands of shares). In the area of communications, the usual standard right to speak determines the right to speak in the market.
Circulation unit b/h (millions) has not yet developed a uniform standard for the North-South protocol at the current sdn, and multiple standards for the South-way agreement will remain together for the long term. Therefore, the use of sdn in the telecommunications network will be a major opportunity to shuffle within the industry.
Xinhua's subsidiary, sdn/nfv, will be an opportunity to participate deeply in the 5g network, and its performance is expected to break out. Each generation of communications technology changes in the past have raised a major telecommunications giant. Xinhua's full-scale ict equipment dealer is a small minority in the country, leads the enterprise network equipment, and the market is strong.
For historical reasons, Xinhua III missed the 4g set of opportunities to enter the operator. In the 5g era, Xinhua San will take advantage of the sdn/nfv as an opportunity to participate deeply in the 5g network, increase market ownership of the network, and perform well in the future.
The value is 44, 37, and 29 times higher, respectively. Looking at the growth of the industry as a result of corporate ict equipment and group core cloud network, for the first time, it covers a “recommended” rating.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East.
With the huge clouding trend of 1.5g, the equipment vendor pattern is about to reshuffle a big opportunity, from 1 g to 4g, and communications technology is constantly evolving. The 5g trend is about the depth of it and ct. It's about every 10 years.
In the last 10 years, the core of communication change has been ipization, i.e., ip as an external mode of communication, but ct is still an intrinsic substance. In the 5g era, the core of communication change has been titization, i.e. the integration of t and ct from within. 1.15g core network transmission networks have been virtualized, and sdn/nfv has become a necessity.
The outbreak of flows and the complexity of operations that emerged in the 5g era were unprecedented in the 1g-4g era. 5g was different from the characteristics of 4g, i.e. an outbreak of flow growth and a lateral addition of applications. 5g were used in three major application scenarios embb (enhancedmobilebroadband), urllc (ultrareallowaction), mmtc (multiplemachinetypemunication).
All will increase explosive traffic. In particular, Embb will increase personal traffic through hypervelocity connections, and mmtc will connect a large number of machine terminals. Ericsson expects that mobile data traffic will increase by 300% to about 160eb/month by 2025. In addition, from 1 g to 4g, it has actually been expanding deep into high-speed bandwidth operations, but 5g new urllc and mmtc operations will expand horizontally to low levels.
The new dimensions of time, wide connectivity, etc., will add significantly to the complexity of the business in terms of access and reliability. Figure 2: Global mobile data flows are expected to rise to flash figure 3:2030, with 100 billion global access sources of Eastern financial intelligence.
The existing network cannot adapt and requires a re-engineering of the network because of the huge flow and complex operational requirements. This is mainly due to the long-standing coupling within the network equipment, which has led to the use of the traditional network: 1) Low usage of the network: because the equipment at different nodes comes from different equipment dealers, the tight coupling separates the equipment from each other and cannot be justified.
Traffic conditions, mobilization of resources across the board, resulting in severe local loop congestion leading to the loss of data packages, low usage of local ring resources network; the mpls project solves the problem of network congestion by “circles”, but as it remains unable to mobilize resources across the board and does not improve network utilization very well:
2) Long response time to new requirements: For new operations, it usually takes three to five years from the ietf definition standard to the overall process. Most of this time is spent on meeting the standards by the equipment dealer and on connecting the equipment of the different equipment dealer, i.e., the duplication of work due to tight coupling and the associated interoperability problems, which result in too long additions of hardware and functionality, leading to a long online cycle that cannot be met in a timely manner.
3) opex is too high: the net dollar evolves like a black box with a patch, and the network equipment transport requires manual configuration of maintenance personnel, while network complexity increases with new hardware, and the cost of network maintenance is too high; 4) capex is too high: equipment is not common, additional features require additional specialized equipment, and the capital costs of the network are too high.
Figure 4: Sdn deployment drives mainly from reduced business response time and increased network efficiency The source of financial wisdom in the East The strong interconnection within the network equipment is due to the locking down of the North-South interface by the manufacturer. The network equipment is structured in three layers: the infrastructure layer, the infrastructure layer.
The control layer, the application layer, communicates through interfaces. The control layer is at the core. The main function is to generate and adjust routers, the interface between the control layer and the application layer is a north-to-south interface, and the interface between the control layer and the infrastructure layer is a south-to-south interface. Under the traditional network that is locked by the manufacturer, the equipment communicates internally between the three layers through private agreements, and the private agreement is closed, i.e., the interface is not open.
The network equipment is in a state of tight coupling. Usually, the control software and applications of the equipment manufacturer are integrated on a switchboard, and each traditional switchboard is responsible for both the transmission of the infrastructure layer and the decision-making of the transmission rules on the control level, while at the same time having the exclusive application of the user’s needs.
1.2sdn/nfv comes out to address the shortcomings of the traditional network and contribute to the re-establishment of the sdn (softwarefinedwork, software definition network) at the heart of the 5g era network by opening the closed north- and south-way interfaces before opening up, for example, for the purpose of soft and hardware decoupling. For example, traditional switchboards, because of their combined infrastructure and control functions, need to make their own decisions.
Sets the rules for data transmission, and in the sdn structure, the private agreement for the South-way interface is converted into a standardized open protocol such as openflow, where the original control layer function is transferred to the remote sdn controller. The sdn controller decides to forward the rules and calculates the flow table for transmission to the switchboard. The switchboard itself is transformed into a purely infrastructure layer, responsible only for data forwarding.
The sdn controller is at the core of the entire sdn architecture, and the network is more efficient than the traditional structure. The sdn controller runs protocols and software from the lower to the higher layers, including protocols for south-to-south interfaces, network operating systems, north-way open interfaces and application layer software. Since the device is controlled by the sdn controller at all stages of the network, it is able to move traffic faster and more efficiently than the traditional network.
Fig. 7: Traditional network equipment is not accessible on the Internet and tends to transmit it. Figure 8: The sdn controller is able to concentrate on the sources of financial prosperity in the East because it has access to full web information.
The path is set on the shortest node, which eventually results in local traffic congestion, which leads to resources, which equalizes the flow of the node nfv (network operation virtualization, network functionality) by replacing it with generic computing, storage and network hardware.
Private network equipment, thereby reducing the complexity of the entire network. Generally, the network node configuration x86 servers, standardized switches and generic storage devices can be used either to achieve the function of the sgsn net, or to achieve the function of thebras net, depending on user needs. Both sdn and nfv are products under the virtualization requirement, with the same goal, using the generic/white server/exchange as far as possible.
. So, if the vendor locks down the traditional network, sdn can work through hardware and software decoupling, and nfv can work through virtualization: 1) Increased network utilization by mobilizing global resources to make the network more useful and more operational; 2) Accelerating new demand
Speed of response: For new business needs, deployment time will be reduced from 3 to 5 years to months or even weeks by modifying the sdn controller. Speed up the uploading of new functions such as operators; 3) Lower opex: Reduce network complexity by changing the sdn controller instead of a configuration router.
The layer can evolve separately to reduce redundancy; the cost of the network can be reduced by replacing specialized hardware with low-cost, x86-based hardware.Fig.9:nfv uses a common server to replace expensive and complex dedicated network equipment.
The deployment of sdn/nfv has evolved into a 5g network consensus, actively promoted by global operators. Main overseas operators, such as German telecommunications, at&t, and the release of sdn/nfv-related evolutionary plans, emphasize the use of sdn/nfv to build a new generation of network architectures. The transition from concept validation to small-scale piloting is under way, with large commercial deployment expected in 2020.
Sdn/nfv will grow at a rate of more than 50% per year in the global market for sdn over the next decade. According to data from the World Bank, China sdn (software) in 2017.
Market size is 970 million yuan, a 36.6% increase compared to the same period last year, and will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, with market size expected to reach 7.03 billion yuan by 2020. Globally, including sdn hardware (physical network infrastructure), sdn virtualization/soft control are projected to grow at a high rate of 10 times to $12.5 billion a year, or 54% for cagr.
The annual telecommunications market is at $320 million, and in 2022 it is expected to grow to $2.97 billion, or 56 per cent, and the data centre and park network city, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, 2. Xinhua III: with a five-g virtualization wind, with the advantage of sdn/nfv, the operator network is expected to perform.
There are two main markets for network equipment: the enterprise network market and the telecommunication network market. Among these, the enterprise network market includes the enterprise and data centre market, the telecommunications network, the operator network, a market made up of four operators: China Telecom, China Mobile, China Connect, and China Wire.
Subsidiaries, which account for 60% of their income. Xinhua San is mainly involved in the provision of digital solutions and technical services, and the main products cover cloud, Eastern financial and intellectual sources of network equipment, and ii equipment. iii equipment is dominated by servers; network equipment consists of digital equipment (exchangers and routers) and ii equipment.
Middle equipment (firewalls, etc.). At present, Xinhua San is in the lead at the enterprise level, where the market share of switches, routers, wlans, firewalls in the enterprise network is close to 30%, 33.2%, 27.2%, 31.1%, 19.3% (idc2018).
2.1 A subsidiary of the Group, formerly a 3com+W, was a Sico-Ging enemy, and the three main stages of the change in Xinhua ownership were: 1) Phase I: Controlled by Cisco, mainly 3com and Hwa; 2) Phase II: 3com was poorly run and the controller turned into Hewlett-Packard seeking business expansion; 3) Phase III: With Hewlett-Packard
Erasing, controlling humans into purple shares, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, 2.1.1 was born out of the fight against Cisco, and was born with a technological gene called China.
Phase I: Started in Chinese and 3com, China's three-letters were formed against Cisco. 3com had a long-standing competitive relationship with Cisco. In the 2g market, 3com was in the same position as Cisco, but in the 3g era, 3com was behind Cisco. In 2003, in an effort to counter the rising tide, Cisco initiated legal proceedings for unlawful infringement of Cisco's intellectual property rights, while 3com was in confrontation with Cisco and provided a counter-offensive in court.
During this period, China set up a joint venture with 3com, called China + 3 Hong Kong (3com), which is 51%, 3com 49%, and 3com, which incorporates the data communications product lines and the whole operation team, from China to China, where it was founded with Chinese technical product lines and operating team personnel.
At the time, China’s top executives, ceo Jung-sung, cmo Wu-hyun, cto-Cao, Jiang Mei-Qun, Supply Chain President Essau, and Jung-sun, all came from China to provide security for China’s technology development and marketing strategies.
Figure 18: Rapid growth in revenue since Xinhua San was founded 2.1.2 Missed the opportunity for the 4g network to cut into the operator for historical reasons 3com became the sole shareholder of the company in order to transfer all of its stockholdings. In 2006-2007, China transferred China to 3com.
2% and 49% of the shares, so that 3com held 100% of the shares in China. During the 3com period of total ownership, China operated independently, resulting in a combined annual growth rate of more than 70%.
In 2007, 3com’s own operations were in a state of difficulty, and the government’s decision to transfer ownership to the HP system was taken into account.
In November of that year, Hewlett-Packard announced the acquisition of 3com, the advance of the telecommunications equipment market, and the merger of China with China with the HP. Phase III: the Uttar Pradesh share acquisition of the Xinhua stock acquisition, culminating in the creation of Xinhua-Shun. In 2015, Hewlett-Packard was formally split into two independent companies, with HHP (hpe) and Hpinc (hpinc.).
Since 2006, China has transferred its shares to 3com in instalments, not to compete with China in the business network, but to focus on the business market until later.
China only started entering the operator market, but has missed the opportunity of the subsequent 4g network so far to have a smaller share in the operator market. 2.2 Into 5g, Xinhua is expected to achieve a turnover on sdn/nfv. 2.2.1sdn/nfv will not change the position of the equipment provider in the industrial chain, but it may be a major opportunity to reshuffle the internal pattern of the equipment vendor.
The essence of sdn/nfv is that the software of the equipment dealer is uncoupled by hardware and software, which eventually strips it of its profits, which has an impact on the traditional equipment giants. The traditional network is closed, leaving the hardware and software in a state of tight alignment, which gives the equipment dealer a higher bargaining power. Now, the equipment dealer, the Internet operator, promotes the standardization of the interfaces through sdn/nfv, which makes the equipment of the equipment dealer a homogenous,
A single-function product would pose a great challenge to Sdn/nfv’s advantage for a traditional equipment giant, represented by Cisco and Hua. There are currently two sdn/nfv camps, one co-founded by the Internet and operators, and one of the odl camps, dominated by traditional equipment operators.
Created to move away from locking in the infrastructure by pushing openfly as a standard south-way agreement. odl (opendaylight) was created by traditional equipment dealers like Cisco, Ericsson, Boko, and Zulbo. Since sdn/nfv is a big trend, equipment dealers can only be actively involved in the search for integration, and dl aims to usurp the voice of the North-South interface standard and actively defend sdn/nfv. odl is currently the largest.
We believe that sdn/nfv will not change the status of the equipment operator in the industrial chain, mainly because the sdn controller is at the core of the entire sdn architecture. As the core layer of the original network equipment architecture was transferred to the sdn controller, the sdn controller operated the almost necessary protocols and software from the lower to the higher layers, including the protocol for the south-way interface, the network operating system,
North-to-North interface and application layer software. The sdn controller can be said to be equivalent to a decision center for network traffic forwarding. Currently, major equipment manufacturers, it manufacturers, have issued their own commercial controllers, such as Cisco's ciscoone, China's snc (smartnetworkcontroller), Boco's Wattasdn controller, Otencontrail in Zambo, Xinhua's vcf (virtualconfedframework)
Southward agreements are the most important part of the sdn controllers, and are now the best netconf agreements in the equipment commercial camp. In the area of communications, the standard word rights have always determined the market's voice. Currently, there are two types of mainstream Southward agreements, one on the Internet, and the other on the ietf Netconf. Data centres and business networks are mainly openflow agreements.
Netconf is the most widely used network. Because the network is a wide area network, network conditions are much more complex than the data centre network and cannot be met by openflow alone, and netconf uses existing protocols to adapt and expand to maximize access to existing network equipment and smooth transition to the sdn network. In addition, the sdn technology is complex and requires significant R & D investment by operators.
Limited, and unlikely to expand to the upstream sdn industry. As a result, equipment operators still hold key parts of sdn, and will continue to have a voice in the chain.
At present, there is a pattern of network equipment dealers, with Ciscos and China as their own. Globally, Ciscos account for more than 50% and China for about 10%. At home, Ciscos are relatively small, and China is the first city in the world. Since the north-south agreements of sdn are not yet uniform, many standards of the south-south agreements will coexist over the long term.
2.2.2sdn was first used in an enterprise network, and Xinhua’s leader sdn was removed from the enterprise network and deployed to follow the pace of the first enterprise network and the telecommunications network.
So it's the first commercial market for sdn. The network, because of its high security and stability requirements, will have to wait until the data centre is fully deployed, it will be deployed in the data centre every year, and it will be deployed in the backbone of the telecommunications network only in 2016.
The openflow/sdn solution was fully implemented in the year between its 12 data centres around the world, and services for two regions of Googlecompteengine have now started through the annual virtualization platform based on sdn/nfv technology, based on the openflow protocol.
Xinhua San leads China’s sdn market, thanks to the experience of the business network market. Since sdn was the first to be deployed in the business network, Xinhua San, thanks to years of accumulation in the business network, is well aware of the needs of users in both Internet enterprises and traditional industries. The sdn solution has more deployments in priority projects and applications such as the Internet, government, finance, and smart cities, parks, etc.
Software research and development has accumulated over the years, with strong power in the development of network services. In 2018, Xinhua San's sdn city was the first with an increase from 23.6 per cent in 2017 to 30.1 per cent, leading by nearly 10 per cent in the second place. Xinhua's share of operators is expected to increase with the advantage of a business network.
Competing, Xinhua's entire series of devices has been “sdnready” and, since Xinhua's entire series of devices are using the same operating system, the sdn-related protocols and functions have now been achieved on the coware. 2) Xinhua's solution for different scenarios is more suitable for users with different scenarios. Xinhua's system not only provides more functionality, but Xinhua's system is more suitable for users with different scenarios.
Xinhua San will use sdn as an opportunity to participate deeply in the 5g network, increasing the market share of the operator. On the network equipment, the total investment in 4g network equipment will be close to 200 billion, and the overall investment in 5g will increase by 30% to 260 billion.
In mid-2019, the mobile high-end routers were collected, with Xinhua III exceeding China by 65% of the total, and the high-end routers in the mid-2019 mark 1-3. In mid-2019, the mobile high-end routers were collected, and Xinhua 3 was marked by a 220% share of the high-end routers, and the labels I and IV were not published for the time being. We expect Xinhua San, with his own advantages, to participate deeply in the 5g network for the next three to five years.
The share of business will rise to more than 20%.
Purple shares are the group's "middle strength" and are located in the group core cloud network industrial chain, and are now better configured in the ict business. We believe that future company growth benefits mainly from: 1) the increase in the volume of communications equipment products, including network equipment and small base stations, and 2) the overall increase in Maori from the relatively high self-owned product share.
The Division is late in entering the operator, and as the 5g network moves forward, the company is expected to benefit from the benefits of group core cloud network integration through a 5g network time point, with the advantage of the sdn/nfv, and the expansion of the market for downstream purple clouds and purple light will lead to an increase in the demand for companyict equipment in the upper industrial chain of the group.
(This report is the second in a series of reports, the overall logic of which is described in a series of reports. For the first time, please check the performance growth resulting from the integration of the Internet, which covers the “recommended” rating, by looking at the Purple National Emblem (002049.sz)/violet stock (000938.sz): one of the violet group reports in a series, “Cry Cloud One” layout, full-scale construction of the Three Stars of China).
5g has not moved as fast as expected, overseas operations have not progressed as expected, new products have not been developed as expected, and downstream markets have not grown as fast as expected.
Utility shares (000938), company hair operators market, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, University of Texas, Dallas, model/radio frequency chip design, United States. Used to be a microchip design engineer for the U.S.S.S. and U.S.S. microchip.
The research assistant gave an overview of the Master ' s degree of the People ' s University of China, which joined the East Hing securities in 2019.
A master of theoretical economics, with a complex background in engineering and finance, joined East Hing Securities in 2018 to study the communications industry. The professor’s own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.