National leader in the ict field, as cloudy core assets sailed in the future - UVS Deep Report Company Studies/Communications Industry
• Core logic: 5g communication development + cloud infrastructure acceleration + network re-engineering cloud trends + overseas market expansion
Xinhua, as the country’s second-largest manufacturer, can cover hardware plus software plus overall solutions, and has full connectivity from traditional to new networks (sdn/nfv) to iot, from private clouds to the highest/minimum (in dollars) for almost 12 months.
The industry cloud's full-line cloud computing product is a core asset with a full-scale digital solution, and we recommend it. Core growth points: benefiting from 5g construction and network re-engineering, breaking through operators and overseas markets.1 Breaking through and developing operators' markets: focusing on 5g communications and seizing opportunities for network re-engineering.
Xinhua Santeng and China are the two main players, and Xinhua has been gradually operating the market since 2018. With the development of 5g construction and network re-engineering and virtualization, companies have actively broken through the high-end routers area, permeating the network of operators with sdn/nfv technology, and Xinhua is expected to generate 20 per cent of the revenue from the market over the next two to three years;
From 2019, Xinhua will open up overseas markets, set up channels, and set up branches abroad. Through "one way" policy opportunities, the strategy is set up.
In seven countries such as Russia, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia: we expect Xinhua to earn 20% of the revenue from overseas markets over the next two to three years: 3 Network Re-engineering: Seizing the development opportunities of new markets like network re-engineering, virtualization, cloud computing, etc. The key to network re-engineering is:
"Linking." The data centre will be the basis for information communications, thus generating a large amount of infrastructure needs: on this basis, the cloudization trend has caused the control and infrastructure layers to be decoupled, thus generating a large amount of deployment needs for the it-coated software, operating systems, etc. We believe that Xinhua is expected to build on the sdn software, virtualization of servers, etc.
• Core competitiveness: hardware + software + solution products are well-lined, technology R & D constructs corporate barriers to competition, Xinhua shares technology genes such as 3com, Hewlett-Packard and others, and we believe that sustainable R & D investment and pipeline resources are available
Tired is the key, building the core barriers to the evolution of the technology and the market environment, with many products leading in the field of ict hard software, with major competitors. In the current self-controllable pattern, purple light has formed a semiconductor company that actively develops high-end routers and safety chips, and expands the development of moat guideit technology.
1 R & D input: Continued investment in science, technology and innovation genes to support the Xinhua Trinity technology market. Xinhua 3 R & D Inputs to 15%: 2 Core Product Technical Barriers: Xinhua 3T infrastructure products and cloud computing, network security etc. maintain a high M & A rate, many products such as network equipment are at the top of the country; 3 cloud-net-endit infrastructure
The product lines and solutions are comprehensive; the country has a wide and stable channel of resources on a four-phased scale. 2020 was the year of 5g technology, and purple light, as the leading in the ict field, is expected to lead to a data centre idc with its core competitive advantage.
Xinhua 3-product technical barriers and the leading position in the area of ict, and in the area of security (Consumption of uniforms and Green League technology 2020e - Industry depth study: terminal sea traffic, pe 85.9x and 54.9x), server industry listing companies (wave information and China dawn 2020e-pe 42.0x)
2. Short-term needs overlap and 59.7x) and e-commerce (38.2x20e-pe) have an overall valuation advantage, and we believe that long-term logic, idc and cloud computing of the industry chain investment map
With a share of “core assets” attributes and long-term growth characteristics, companies are in a cloud computing industry development and 5g construction boom, with an advantage in valuation, with a current market value of $92.8 billion and a “recommended” rating. 5g construction is less than expected: cloud computing is not growing as expected, overseas and operator markets are not expanding as expected, and competition increases risks.
I. Purple shares: acquisition of Xinhua's three core assets, deployment of Xinhua's Xinhua = Net = End strategy (i) Xinhua's Xinhua strategic system for Xinhua's Xinhua strategic system
In May 2016, the company acquired 31% of Xinhua’s shares, structured the base structure of Xinhua, and developed a full-scale business around its services.
In 2016, 51 per cent of the shares in the three Chinese communications were acquired, full-capitalized UV digital and UV software was acquired, and a 51 per cent share in the western data joint venture, with the company ' s main holding companies currently listed below, with major subsidiaries including Xinhua III, UV digital, UV software and UV West.
Xinhua San is a central subsidiary of the cloudnet strategy for Xinhua shares, and is a provider of hard software plus solutions for one or two of the country’s infrastructure. In 2003, China established a subsidiary with the 3com Division because of competition in the market, with 51% of the relevant technology and employees, the predecessor of Xinhua San is the Department of Data Communications.
In 2010, Chinese communications were bought by HHP, but their domestic operations were hampered by information security and autonomy, and Hpe and Purple shares were agreed in 2015 and purple light acquired Chinese communications and purple light.
Fifty-one per cent of the stockholding in Hope, 49 per cent of which was acquired in 2016, together created a Xinhua Three Group. The five main reasons for the Xinhua Three Communications acquisition were the following: 1 national identity: 2 with a university background: 3-violet strategic considerations: (4) Purple provides a staff incentive policy; 5 has sufficient funds to complete the acquisition.
In 2016, after the merger and purchase of Xinhua 3 Xinhua 3 Xinhua, there was a rapid increase in revenue and net profits, up to nearly 50 billion in 2016-2018, and into a fast-growing period. In 2018, the company achieved a revenue of 48.31 billion yuan, an increase of 23.6 per cent compared to the previous year, the parent Cpt to 37.1 per cent, Xinhua 3 started the layout of the server area in 2017, while the server rate was lower, with an average of 8-to-1 per cent.
About 10 per cent, with a change in product structure leading to a decrease in the Māori ratio as the server ratio rises. (ii) core asset manufacturer of ict infrastructure hardware plus software plus solutions.
After Xinhua's M&A, it has the capacity to provide the entire infrastructure product based on network, transmission, computing, storage, security, etc., and expands the overall solution to services such as cloud computing, large numbers, sdn/nfv, super-integration, new security, object networking, and 5g mobile communications.
The company's main operations are divided into two main categories: 1) the basic architecture product services and solutions: the matrix is based primarily on the Xinhua Sanitary Basic Structures product, which consists mainly of routers, switchboards, wlan, self-research servers, storage, network safety products, super-integrated integrated units, sdn/nfv and other infrastructure and industry solutions: 2) the distribution and distribution of the products of the Xinhua.
Supply chain services: mainly for the sale of equipment such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Samsung, Association, H3c, etc. It has a year-on-year increase in the share of basic architecture product services and solutions, and this part of the supply increases faster than the distribution of it, and pulls the company into the business as a whole.
This represents a 15 per cent increase of 22.870 billion yuan in the total 2019h1 battalion, a 1.9 per cent increase in the same year: the distribution of its products accounted for a major share in the collection structure, but the share fell from 72 per cent in 2017 to 62 per cent in 209h1, and the base structure of its services and solutions increased from 32 per cent in 2017.
It base structure product services and solutions contribute the main profit of purple light, from which about 80 per cent of the company ' s Māori is derived, mainly because of the higher Māori rate of Xinhua ' s trit network equipment and industries such as network security, cloud computing, etc., at around 50 per cent; it distributes Māori for about 21 per cent of its products, the lower Māori rate for purple digital surrogates, and the Māori rate for its product distribution at 5-8 per cent.
Between. Māori in the first half of 2019, M$ 3.91 billion in basic architecture services and solutions, an increase of 7.4 per cent in the same year, the Māori ratio of the Xinhua infrastructure products and solutions such as cloud computing, cybersecurity, etc., has remained high, with the introduction of self-research server products in recent years, reducing the overall Māori ratio in Xinhua, and the base structure output in Xinhua in the three quarters of 2019.
The Māori rate for goods and solutions is 34 per cent; the Māori rate for distribution and supply chain services is stable at between 5 and 8 per cent.
Traditional networks to new networks (sdn/nfv) to fully connected iot, with full-line cloud from private to industrial cloud computing products, company sales markets are mainly domestic, core markets are in enterprise-level markets (including data centres) and are now in some position at the political, financial, medical, educational, transport and other enterprise-level markets.
In the future, we suggest that attention be given to the three main core growth points of the purple stock (Xinhua III): 1) the operator market: focus on participation in the 5g communications network, seize opportunities for network re-engineering, break through and develop the operator market: 2) overseas market opening: Xinhua three autonomous branding channels and market opening: 3) capture of network re-engineering (sdn/nfv),
(i) Operators ' markets: focus on participating in the 5g communications network, breaking through and developing the operator ' s market, where Xinhua was historically a subsidiary of Hua and 3com, so Xinhua Sanhua has a competitive presence in the market
Since 2018, Xinhua has gradually become a dynamic operator, focusing on building 5g in the future, capturing opportunities for networking and hosting networks.
In our view, the key points for a future corporate breakthrough in the operator's market are: 1) network set-up, such as the main dynamic high-end routers, while other communications equipment products, such as small base stations, increase in volume; 2) product technology competitiveness and build-up of value for money; e.g., cr 19,000 router series markets numbering two, are more competitive; 3) network re-engineering leads to entry into the operator network.
Opportunities: Xinhua has the first market share in China’s sdn software industry, with 30% of the city’s share, and companies have accumulated in the business network for many years, hoping to engage in the construction of the 5g network with the technical strength of their sdn in the depth of the opportunities for network re-engineering. The technical threshold of the operator’s market is higher than that of the enterprise’s network, especially the core router at the operator’s level, which is the key to breaking the market.
At the forefront of national production, Xinhua has been investing more and more in the development of core routers for use at the operational level, mainly the Cr 16000 and Cr 19000 series. The Cr 19000 series, developed in 2017, is a completely new generation core router for the operational level, applied to the backbone of the operator, the core node of the operator's city network, and the backbone of the data centre.
With its core product and technological breakthroughs, Xinhua San is ready for high-end router product testing, and further expansion of the operator market is expected in the future. Figure 15: List of Xinhua core router products
Xinhua's traditional niche markets are at the enterprise level, mainly in the areas of government, finance, education, transport, etc., but there's a smaller market share in the operators, especially in the operators' high-end routers market. With the continued breakthrough of Xinhua's technology and the entry of new management from the operator's origins, Xinhua's market share is expected to increase in the operator's market for the future - 2
In three years, the market share of operators is expected to rise to 20%, and in the case of tenders, the domestic network equipment market has a clear pattern, with Xinhua's three high-end routers entering the perimeter seven times in a row, moving the high-end routers gathering, and the competitors in the operator's market being dominated by China, which dominates the operator's high-end market.
Xinhua’s products were further tested in the operator’s market, the technology was gradually approved, and the offer became closer to China, which helped to stabilize Xinhua’s profitability in the operator’s market. In a bid to move in late 2019, high-end routers were in the second gear.
Xinhua still receives a 30% share, higher than 20%, but Xinhua has generally received a share of less than 20% of the offer in the mid-way bid. As construction progresses on 5g, the demand for large ict infrastructure and small base stations accelerates release, and the network of communication networks is networked.
Re-engineering will also provide opportunities for Xinhua San. We believe that Xinhua San is the key to Xinhua’s breakthrough in the operator’s market: 1) the market for network equipment, such as the main high-powered high-end routers, while other communications equipment products, such as small base stations, are increasing in volume; the competitiveness of product technologies and the accumulation of value-added advantages; and it is a well-lined infrastructure product, with all the products at the forefront of the country;
(iii) Opportunities for network re-engineering: Xinhua San is expected to participate in the 5g network building depths of the opportunities for network re-engineering with its technical strength; Xinhua San has the first market share in China ' s sdn software industry, with a 30 per cent market share;
4) The executives of Purple Light and Xinhua have more origins in operators such as China Connect, as well as equipment operators such as Hua Luang and Hewlett-Packard.
To help Xinhuazo break through and develop the operator's market; 5) Xinhuazo established semiconductor technology company, in April 2019, which plans to invest 5 billion pieces of chip design, the main high-end router chip and the safe control chip, which we believe is likely to enhance Xinhua's core competition.
Core view: Xinhua San has had a better bid in the operator’s market in recent years, with mobile high-end roads being collected by a continuous winner of 2017-2019. With the development of 5g construction and network re-engineering and virtualization, we expect the purple light shares to be shipped over the next 2-3 years.
(ii) Overseas market opening: Xinhua's own branding channels and market openings
For historical reasons, an overseas market sale agreement was established with HP at the time of the 2016 Uttar Pradesh takeover. Since April, the Uttar Pradesh will be established as an overseas market channel for Xinhua III's autonomous brand, creating overseas branches from 1 to global competition: Cisco is the global hub for network equipment, and China's market share will gradually rise to the top of the Asia-Pacific region.
In terms of global competition, Cisco, with its multi-year hardware product advantage, occupies about 50% of the exchange/routing market, followed by China, with about 8-10% of the global exchange market and about 20% of the router market. Xinhua’s global market is concentrated in Europe, North America, and Asia and the Pacific, and Xinhua III market share is about 30-35% in Asia and the Pacific.
2.7 per cent of the year went up to 5.0 per cent of 2019q3. 65 per cent of the year fell to 50 per cent in 2019, mainly because (1) the rise of public clouds made it necessary for many enterprises to build their own data centres, thereby reducing demand for Cisco products; and (2) the rise of sdn and nfv technologies, which began to challenge Cisco's location.
So we think that Xinhua could use its excellence in virtualization.
The experience gained at the firm and domestic levels, as well as the capacity to expand channels and services, has helped Xinhua to gradually complete the development of overseas channels and further expand overseas markets. As Xinhua’s autonomous overseas channels are built, it will be established in Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, etc.
The Asia-Pacific region is expected to see a further increase in the share of cities in the Asia-Pacific region. In the Asia-Pacific region, the switchboard market is dominated by two major rivals, Xinhua and China, each accounting for about 35-40 per cent of the market share, the main leader; the router market, which dominates the Asia-Pacific region, accounts for about 75 per cent of the market share, and Xinhua accounts for only 6.2 per cent.
2. Xinhua III: The share of revenue abroad is relatively low, and the future is looking forward to the establishment of overseas autonomous branding channels and distribution networks, owing to the Xinhua San and Hewlett-Packard agreements, companies ' own overseas branding channels have been falling short of expectations, and the rate of growth of the Utility shares abroad has fallen, down from a year to year. In 2018, sales in the Utility stock amounted to $44.98 billion, an increase of 24 per cent.
Xinhua's overseas market outreach strategy: globally, Xinhua's presence is in Europe, North America and Asia and the Pacific, where Hong Kong, Macao and Japan already have autonomous branding outlets, and Xinhua's marketing channels will be established through autonomous brands in 2019 and beyond, building on “one-way” policy opportunities in the seven leading countries of the future strategic plan.
Home, Russia, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Pakistan, Kazakhstan and Japan, set up extra-sea branches, set up after-sales support and improved overseas channels, while Xinhua will be actively involved in the “one way” project to achieve “one way” of global client delivery and service delivery.
In addition to the deployment of the seven branches, Xinhua San is steadily building up a well-developed distribution network and service system in overseas markets. Through sales through the big Isv/si and Xinhua Tribune channels, Xinhua San’s operations cover more than 100 countries and regions around the world, with a global total of more than 50 million devices operating online, with products and services recognized by mainstream global customers.
Xinhua has more than 2,000 ict experts and more than 8,000 technical service partners, which have set up spare parts centres in nine countries in Asia and Africa. Service partners can provide service operations based on the life cycle of ict equipment in more than 20 cities, including Tokyo, Singapore, Bangkok, Moscow.
Xinhua's overseas markets are concentrated in Europe, North America, and Asia and the Pacific, and clients include Vodafone, Spanish Telecom, Swiss Telecom, Coca-Cola, Dream Factory, French National Iron, Russian Federal Savings Bank, Samsung Electronics, and the Brazilian World Cup. We believe that Xinhua's expansion in overseas markets will increase the costs associated with enterprises to some extent, but in the long run.
Looking at this as an important point of growth in the company ' s future performance, the ratio of overseas market receipts is expected to rise to 20 per cent over the next 2-3 years, and 1) the degree of recognition of overseas markets: the former Chinese triads as subsidiaries of China and 3com, the Chinese triads have developed in overseas markets and, with Hewlett-Packards, Hewlett-Packards have been selling their own products with H3c in recent years.
(b) Purple has been expanded mainly along the “one-way” route, with greater policy support and more Chinese in South-East Asia to facilitate operations;
3) The network equipment market itself is growing at a higher rate than the global average in the major expanding overseas countries. (iii) Taking advantage of the development opportunities of new markets such as network re-engineering, virtualization, cloud computing, etc.
The rapid expansion of scale, the clouding of operations and the virtualization of terminals, global network traffic models, the increased pressure on traditional specialized networks and equipment, and the introduction of technologies such as sdn/nfv and cloud computing, ict integration of industrial patterns, re-engineering of the network infrastructure, are one of the major trends in the future, and Xinhua is expected to actively enter the 5g network market.
Traditional networks of operators are mostly in a dedicated form, coupled hardware and software forms result in network systems operating in a way that is binding and does not facilitate network efficiency gains and the deployment of new operations, and therefore telecommunications clouds respond to network transformation needs: 1) cloud telecommunication operations with sdn/nfv technology and access to web-wide information for network functionality flexibility; 2)
Speed up deployment and response to demand: in the future, with the rise of 5g and marginal operations, traditional networks will find it difficult to meet fast-growing network business needs and compatible new operations, traditional equipment adjustments and redeployments may take several years, while sdn controls will take months or weeks to respond quickly to demand and speed up the start-up of new operators; 3) savings in associated capital.
The key to the re-engineering of the network is: “decoupling.” 1) Structural re-engineering: a dc-centric cloud rack in the cloud service era to support the fast-tracking and adaptation of new operations. The “user centre” and the “data centre” are gradually decoupled, and the network will provide more services to the country-wide regional dc, marginal dc, and base dc, which will form the basis of the information and communication services, for example,
This has resulted in a significant amount of infrastructure requirements, including, inter alia, server, storage, switch, routers, firewalls, etc., which tend to be generic and high performance; 2) network re-engineering: on this basis, the control layer and the infrastructure layer are gradually “decoupled”, which can be based on sdn controls.
Software and nfv will provide software and hardware decoupling, cloud deployment, network efficiency enhancement, faster deployment response to new requirements, and more flexible networks through collusive interfaces and network deployments. This will result in a large number of solutions-based foundation platforms, such as iit-coated softness, operating systems, cloud management platforms, and security platforms.
3) Business re-engineering: based on a unified cloud platform to achieve a needs-based operational deployment and adjustment to reduce the new business up-to-line cycle. 4) Business re-engineering: to upgrade the business experience through a business model that is “all-on-line”, automating on demand, intelligent, Internet-based, and moving the business battalion model from a management to a service-based one.
A fast and flexible telecommunications cloud platform is the basis for achieving the four above-mentioned re-engineering. A unified telecommunications cloud platform can meet a variety of business scene needs, such as mobile access, enterprise connectivity, fixed access, carrier networks, core networks, and operator applications.
1. Network re-engineering: sdn/nfv ' s technological development and opportunities sdn is the software-defined network that separates the control plane from the forwarding plane in the traditional network structure (disconnection). In the sdn network structure, the control layer consists of the sdn controller, which centrally manages all the equipment in the network.
The network is virtualized into a resource pool, with flexible and dynamic allocation of resources based on the different needs of the user and the full network. The sdn controller has a global view of the network and is responsible for managing the network as a whole: communications to the lower level through standard protocols and basic networks; and to the upper level, providing control over the network resources to the application level through open interfaces.
The advantages are: 1) transmission and control layer separation, new operational deployment efficiency enhancement; 2) centralization of the control layer: network equipment transfer mode and operations of the relay layer are centrally deployed from the control layer, global network status is obtained, network infrastructure is optimized, the network is made more agile, data transfer efficiency is improved and network flow distribution is regulated in real time; 3) control layer programmable: sdn controlled
Maker provides network resources and services through programmable north-way interfaces with the application layer, and the open protocol based program is the current mainstream of sdn. The solution is based on an open network protocol that separates the control side from the forward side, supports global control and obtains the most.
The top-level strategic approach to network re-engineering has been planned around the year, starting with the deployment phase of network re-engineering, and is expected to enter the critical development phase of network re-engineering in 2020-2025, with the prospect of large-scale future commercial ventures. Xinhua, as the core manufacturer with the sdn/nfv technology, is expected to take advantage of this opportunity in the future to build a network of operators’ markets.
The global sdn market grew faster, and idc projected a composite growth rate of 53.9 per cent in 2014-2020; sdn expected a global sdn market size of $12.5 billion in 2014-2020, with a cagr of 53.9 per cent; and sdn hardware remained the largest segment of the sdn market, with a market size of $5.9 billion in 2020.
1.1 Xinhua has published three generations of sdn/nfv products ad-net 3.0 and is in the vanguard of the industry. Xinhua has developed sdn-related technologies and products since 2012. Xinhua has published three generations of ad-net (application-drivennetwork) solutions by 2018.
New technologies such as one are an open, flexible and flexible system. For the third year in a row, 2016-2018, the company’s market share was first in China’s sdn software, with a market share of 30.1% in 2018.
The size of the market in China ' s sdn will reach 631 billion yuan a year, and in 2018-2023 the cagr is 35.9 per cent. h3cad-net products have already taken the lead in the number of clients in different sectors, such as operators, the Internet, finance, government, universities.
The market pattern of China ' s sdn software: the first share of the Xinhua software market in 2016-2018 for three consecutive years was 30.1% (23.6% in 2017), followed by China, Naking, Nokia, and Cisco. According to an analysis of ccwresearch, based on market development prospects and the capacity of manufacturers to implement it, Xinhua has been in operation for more than three years.
1.2 Xinhua III: China ' s server virtualization market leader, and the virtualization of the server ' s national product plate number one for the fourth year in a row. The virtualization of the server market in China is in a state of development, with digitized projects such as cloud computing, smart cities and political clouds.
The annual market size is 7.5 billion yuan, compared to 19% for the five-year period 2018-2013. Competition patterns: foreign manufacturers vmware became the virtual market for our servers with the advantage of software and virtualized products.
Xinhua San and vmware were rated as virtual market leaders for Chinese servers. Xinhua San, with its cloud computing operating systems, cloud management platforms and cloud virtualization platforms, among other core products, took an important place in the private cloud sector with its hardware-side advantages, and vmware was jointly rated as virtual market leaders for Chinese servers.
Figure 36: China server virtualization provider capacity assessment 2018: Multi-level dc design structure for Xinhua Three Network Reconstructing solution Multi-level telecommunications cloud - cloud interconnectivity solution: Reconstructed network with multi-level dc structure. Xinhua Multi-level telecommunications cloud - cloud-to-coon interface
The joint solution would meet the low-time, high-bandwidth, flat-level requirements of the new network of operators, re-constructed networks with the capacity for rapid deployment, business-wide integration, visualization, etc., to enable operators to respond to the challenges of the 5g era.
Centralizes business flows, and marginal dc is responsible for business flow relays, with the advantages of supporting the automation of super-large inflated deployments, cross-over cloud operations and l2/l3 lines, path programming, topo displays, etc. The Xinhua Three-City Area Network multi-level dc design, reconfigures the city area network vbras. As new operations, such as video, object networking, etc., continue.
The Xinhua Three-City Area Network re-engineering solution uses a multi-leveldc design to support asic, x86, np transmissions to meet the differentiated needs of current network transmissions; and supports the current network, with multiple back-up security mechanisms that provide high reliability while meeting business needs. (nfv/sdn)
New product patterns are derived, known as vbras, vbras=brasnfv,bras, a broadband access server (broadbandremoteaccessserver).
1) The broad trend towards re-engineering of the network is on the way, and the key is to “decouple”: the restructuring and re-engineering of the network will generate a large number of deployment needs for cloud infrastructure and for the t-coated software/operational system; 2) industry opportunities: the advent of the 5g era will generate more flows and business scenario deployment needs, resulting from the re-engineering of the network
Facilitativeness has made it a major trend in the telecommunications sector, and it is expected that 2020-2025 will be the time to re-engineer the network. Three major operators will be ready for the development phase.
(c) Xinhua III's opportunities: at the start of the 5g network, Xinhua III is expected to build on the core competitiveness of its network equipment products for sdn software (national first), server virtualization (national product first), dc design and private cloud (leadership)
In the context of network re-engineering and virtualization of 5g, the competitive advantage of Xinhua ' s trisdn technology is: 1) the advantage of the controller: Xinhua ' s entire series of equipment is real.
The current “sdn quasi-deployment” state, where sdn technology is highly competitive; 2) enterprise networks have accumulated over the years, with market share first, and have accumulated a wealth of experience in the areas of the Internet, government, and finance: 3) h3cad-net product practices are rich, applications are wide-ranging, solutions are strong and technology leads are high.
2. Cloud computing: Private cloud industry development has greater potential, and it is infrastructure hardware and software providers have come to an opportunity for development 2.1 Xinhua III: hardware plus software plus overall solution providers with full-line cloud computing products Xinhua III builds support for public cloud, private cloud and blending with its hardware infrastructure and digital overall solution
The cloud's full-scale cloud management platform, compatible with national production autonomy and control of hardware and software, and the company's leadership position in the private cloud industry for many years, with the combined capacity of clouds, numbers, intelligence, networks, Andoverwidth, has over 5,000 user practices in government, finance, media, electricity, education, etc.
The Xinhua Three Group has over 5,000 user practices in the fields of government, finance, media, electricity, education, etc., including 15 ministerial-level political clouds, 21 provincial-level political clouds, more than 300 local-city-government clouds; more than 200 high-school clouds in the field of education; and more than 30 years of financial-sector services.
More than 90% of the world’s financial firms have customers, and support the world’s largest clearing cloud of mobile payments. 2.2 The advantages and opportunities of Xinhua III: as a leader of private clouds, new opportunities for development are emerging. China’s cloud computing industry is at a rapid stage of development.
The traditional sectors of government, finance, manufacturing, medical care, education, telecommunications, etc., have a higher priority for cloud safety, and private clouds are characterized by security and privatization, which are fundamental to custom-made solutions. China’s private market has entered a period of rapid growth of about 50 billion people in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of about 25-30%.
The private cloud’s safety, reliability, and maturity have improved, the demand for it has increased, and the size of the private cloud market is expected to grow further. According to idc, China’s private cloud platform is expected to grow rapidly over the next few years with a 24.8% compound growth rate.
1) Traditional IT infrastructure hardware and software plus solution providers occupy the leading leadership positions, mainly in China and Xinhua; 2) China Telecom: with its web-banded resources, there is a clear advantage in areas such as government: these three groups have a private position in China, with three top-down positions: 3) the main publicly owned cloud producers: Ali Yun, Xin Xin Zhen, etc. 4) focused on cloud computing.
Taking advantage of their own technological and product capabilities, they occupy a place in the private cloud market: one is dominated by domestic openstack manufacturers, such as easystack, and two is represented by cloud service providers, such as Huayun/Cyanyun/vmware.
To be even higher, private cloud deployments will become more customized, so they are emerging as a new trend for private cloud markets, with private cloud deployments entering the golden age. The deployment of private cloud deployment models will significantly simplify the deployment cycle, effectively reduce customization by fewer manufacturers, and promote the emergence of private cloud products, which will provide a strong boost to the market.
The advantages and opportunities of Xinhua San: Xinhua San is a small number of manufacturers in the country that can cover hardware plus software plus overall solutions, have full-line cloud computing product characteristics, and in recent years the company, as a traditional provider of IT infrastructure software and hardware, has been in a position of leadership, and is expected to bring new development opportunities to the private cloud industry with its stronger technical and market capabilities.
Core competitiveness: full hardware + software + solution products, technology R & D architecture: (i) Core competitiveness is derived from technology R & D. Overall picture of company operations: from the composition of the employees of the PV shares in 2018, company technicians make up the largest share of the workforce.
63.2 per cent, followed by salesmen, accounting for 25.2 per cent of the total.1 Technology and research and development: purple light as the backbone of the domestic IT infrastructure and digital industry, a higher understanding of the evolution of the market environment and technology, and a strong corporate focus on sustained R & D inputs to guide the market.
(b) Purchases: company core chips, memory etc. are procured from large plants abroad, which have been working together for many years, and the procurement situation is stable.3 Production: companies are mainly made up of substitute plant production models, including: foreign association processing, surrogate processing, odm, oem, etc., public sector
It is concentrated in the regions of China and South China, mainly in Zhejiang and Guangdong, and has about 7-8 large lines of production.4 Sales: companies adopt a corporate model of hardware plus software plus industry solutions. The channel model is dominated by distributor models, large customers use a direct distribution model, distribution networks are spread across the country, and management platforms and sales teams around the country operate in over 40 locations.
The office has more than 3,000 of its own sales teams, which are close to 200 centres. Xinhua server: Xinhua San is China’s only generation, and Xinhua San and Xinhua Servers have a two-brand strategy, product line expansion, and integrated marketing chain management.
Overseas: formerly under the exclusive responsibility of Hewlett-Packard (Sinhua Three Generations of Workers for Hewlett-Packard Marketing), since April 2019, Hewlett-Packard has been liberalized, and Xinhua Three can establish an autonomous branding sales channel and branches.
Technicians: 8515 technicians in late 2018, as a percentage of core chips, memory, etc., distributed among employees of large factories abroad in late 2018
Of these, 63.2%, or 6081 R & D personnel, or 45.2%, or 71.4% of technicians; Xinhua Three Group Limited R & D costs 7%. Xinhua III R & D investment accounts for the revenue ratio.
In the context of China-China trade friction, the Xinhua-Ein-Poo joint venture can help to some extent to stabilize the supply of Xinhua-Seng-Seng-Seng-Seng raw materials.
Patents: As of the date, the total number of patent applications for the company 2019h1 amounted to more than 10,100, of which more than 90 per cent were patented for inventions.
Product innovation: i network architectures sna, seerblade smartboards
Blocks; ai arithmetic core switch; cloud cluster high-end router cr 19000; self-research 8 key business servers; wifi6 wireless products, 5g integration solutions, etc.
Production patterns: the proportion of producers is low, at only 0.7 per cent, because the company is predominantly based on the production model of the plant, which includes: processing by the Foreign Association, the plant.
odm, oem, etc.; hardware + software + industry solutions overall sales mode.
Channel networks: rely mainly on the distributor model. The conduits are the regions of China and South China (mainly Zhejiang and Guangdong), the main ones, but the major customers use the direct sales model.
There are about 7-8 large factories, it infrastructure products, platforms and sales teams in about 40 offices, more than 3,000 of their own sales teams, close to 200 centres.
Xinhua San is the only server in China.
And not just products, like digital platforms, web-based producers, 0.7% management and others
The combined branding of Xinhua San and Xinhua-hpe servers will result in deep communication, more outreach, product line expansion, and integrated marketing chain management.
The company, as a provider of hard software and as a provider of holistic solutions, develops production and services in a way that is in-depth and participatory with its clients, in particular with Internet companies such as Bat, in terms of products, digital platforms, network layouts, etc.
There will be in-depth communication and participation, resulting in the best demand for customization. Corporate Core Competitiveness Summary: 1) Sustained R & D inputs, inherited from H & D, 3com, Hewlett-Packard genes, and companies with science and technology innovation genes: 2) high technical barriers to products, top market share of many products across the country, and leading digital services capacity;
3) The cloud-net-endit infrastructure product lines are rich and have the capacity to provide hardware plus software plus solutions; 4) extensive and stable access resources, with distribution networks spread throughout the country; 5) Xinhua, a former Chinese trinity, has a team that struggles and struggles. 1 - Corporate core competitiveness: there is a strong investment in research and development that underpins the Xinhua technology market.
Xinhua has invested more in research and development every year, accounting for about 15% of the revenue, supporting companies to become industry leaders and leading the technology market. Xinhua is a former data and communication department, which receives some of its technology and sales personnel for network equipment, and Xinhua has been working for more than three years on a network market at the firm level, with high levels of product recognition, research and development capabilities, and high technical barriers to products.
Xinhua has a strong grasp and understanding of the evolution of technology and the market environment. For the next generation of Internet technologies, sdn/nfv, cloudization, super-integration, Xinhua has moved ahead, and these technologies have been advanced by the emphasis on R & D and continued high R & D investments.
(a) The high proportion of R & D inputs: Xinhua III invests in R & D about 3 billion a year, accounting for about 15 per cent of the company's total revenues;
In recent years, the company has increased its research and development in cloud computing, big data, information security, physical networking, storage, industrial applications, etc.
Inputs, the total number of company patent applications now stands at more than 9,700, with more than 90 per cent being patents on inventions. Figure 46: Number and percentage of UVA R&D personnel, Xinhua San is on both the R&D input ratio and the R&D ratio of the number of R&D personnel to the world's leading equipment dealer
By the end of 2019, there were about 6,500 Xinhua III R & D personnel, or about 55% of them, and Xinhua III was a leader in the industry compared to the share of Chinese major equipment suppliers in R & D. In addition, Xinhua III spends about 15% of its annual sales on R & D inputs, an indicator that is still in the first echelons compared to the world's leading IT equipment dealer.
2. High barriers to competition for core products: Xinhua core products have a technical threshold, and Māori has a significant flagship effect. The high and low Māori rate reflects, to some extent, the bargaining power of companies and core barriers. Xinhua core network products and clouds.
In 2017, about 45-50% of them had certain barriers to competition. In addition, Xinhua, as the country’s few suppliers of full-scale IT infrastructure hardware plus software-plus solutions, will have a more prominent advantage.
The introduction of self-research server products has reduced the overall Māori rate in Xinhua, with 34% Māori for basic infrastructure services and solutions in the first three quarters of 2019; Māori for distribution and supply chain services has stabilized at between 5 and 8%.Corporates are competitive, network equipment markets are more dominant markets in Xinhua traditional markets, and cybersecurity, sdn,
The market shares of Xinhua are 33.2%, 27.2%, and 31.1% respectively. The market shares of Xinhua are the second highest and the second highest highest among business exchanges and routers. Of the safety products, 2019h1 firewall hardware is the first market share, with the city accounting for 23.8%; and the market share of intrusion detection and defence hardware is 14.4%.
Third in ranking; security content management hardware market share 6.3 per cent; third in ranking. Xinhua III market share in Chinese sdn software, first 30.1 per cent; server virtual market share, 19.4 per cent; and second in ranking. Figure 51: Xinhua core product technical strength and market share
Market share of China ' s blade server sales, market share of China ' s cloud management platform, 3. Corporate competitiveness: corporate team cohesion, inheritance of Chinese wolf culture, bitterness and struggle
The company has been in the field of IT for many years, has accumulated extensive and stable resources, has marketed networks throughout the country, has set up efficient operating platforms, customized product services and solutions are more recognized, and its customers are more sticky.
He also inherited Chinese wolf culture, and the whole team suffered and struggled. The management of Xinhua San and Purple shares was mostly connected to China, with a certain advantage in the technological evolution of its products and in the management of its macro-strategy. (ii) Companies have been working for years on their networks, and web lines have been well laid.
The UV-net products are well-lined, including mainly switches, routers and wlans, and are of high quality, with a defined technical barrier and competitive advantage. As flows continue to grow, network equipment is an essential product in the 5g and data centre industrial chains, and core technical barriers will continue to benefit.
In 2019, as a result of falling demand and falling capital spending by cloud producers, the global network equipment market was growing at a declining rate. The global exchange market was about $30 billion in 2018, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, the router market was about $15.5 billion, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period, and the Chinese switchboard and router markets were similar in size, with 3,881 and 3,667 million, respectively, in 2018.
In US$ 2,417 million, or 3 per cent more, of the total size of China's network equipment. Competition patterns in the global business network exchange market: Cisco is the leader, with a half share in the creation of routers, and has for many years been the main leader in the exchange/routing industry, accounting for about 50 per cent of the market share of the top five exchanges.
China’s firms, both Chinese and Xinhua, have developed their share of the global market through the expansion of their own branding overseas markets, and the spread of sdn and nfv technologies. Domestic competition patterns: Xinhua and China compete in the network equipment market, which together accounts for more than half of the market share.
1. Exchanges: Deep Farming Operators and Enterprise Level Markets, with a high market share with better resource barriers, Xinhua Three Exchanges have dozens of series of hundreds of products. Since their establishment in 2003, China ' s market exchanges have accumulated 2 million. Over the years, Deep Farming Operators and Enterprise Level Markets have accumulated a large number of industry-led intellectual property rights.
Better resource barriers and higher market shares, 40.8% share of the Xinhua Three Group in the first half of 2019 took the crown of the Chinese data exchange market, and continued to launch high-performance Ether exchange for ai and big data scenes, continuing to lead industry in STI and market development.
Switches: Information exchange and transmission functions. Switches are a means of expanding the network to provide more connections in the subsystem to connect more computer/server devices and to send the information to the required phase. Switches: China's exchange market size is approximately 25-26 billion yuan, which has been increasing by about 15-25 per cent in recent years and was delivered in 2019.
Second only to China; 2019h1 to 40.8% in the domestic data centre market, ranking first. 2. Routers: technological barriers are in place and the Core Cr 19000 series is expected to further expand the market. Xinhua has now had a full range of router products and resolutionrs since the launch of China's first narrow router in 1996.
The H3c low-end router has been sold over millions of times, and the high-end router has been sold over 30,000 times. The Xinhua 3-and-a-half conductor company was formed in the month of 2017, focusing on the development of high-end router chips and associated safety control chips. Routers: location search, connectivity, data forwarding. Hardware equipment connected to two or more networks, setting up networks between networks.
Roadways: China's router market of approximately $24-26 billion, which has been growing at a rate of 15-20 per cent in recent years; Xinhua's global router ratio of about 1.2 per cent in 2018, sixth place; the domestic router market of only 4.8 per cent, which is larger with China
The difference is that the dominant market is at the firm level, with Xinhua's third-class routers accounting for about 28.5 per cent in 2018, the second largest; but the lower share of Xinhua's market is due mainly to the fact that high-end markets are dominated by China.
Wlan products: China’s wlan market size is about 6-7 billion yuan, with a growth rate of 15-20 per cent; Xinhua III’s share of the global wlan market was 4.0 per cent in 2018, ranking sixth; the domestic municipality’s share was 31.1 per cent, ranking first; and 2019h1 was ranked first in the country’s enterprise-level wireless market, with a market share of 32.1 per cent.
Xinhua San, as leader of the digital solution, insisted on autonomous research and development, maintaining China’s top share of the wlan market at the corporate level for 10 years from 2009 to 2018. By October 2019, the volume of wlan products (ap) had passed 10 million, with a cumulative rollout of more than 300 products and solutions, with more than 750 patents.
The industrial landscape picks up: as the 5g build-up progresses and flows continue to grow, cloud infrastructure rises. Intra- and off-sea cloud capital spending is rising, demand points are being established. Network equipment is an essential product of 5g and the data centre’s industrial chain, and the core of technical barriers will continue to benefit.
Two competition patterns: the firm-level network equipment market, which competes with Xinhua, together accounts for about 60-70% of the market; and the Xinhua 3wlan product, which is the first in 10 years. In the operator network equipment market, China occupies a major market share, especially in the high end router market, where Xinhua has a relatively low share, and where more than 80% of the market is owned by China, which is Xinhua.
Three major breakthroughs in the future: three competitive advantages: the purple shares (Xinhua III) network is well-lined, consisting mainly of switchboards, routers and wlans, high-quality technical barriers, high market share, and a broad and stable pool of channel resources.
Xinhua III: The former is the Department of Data and Communications, and the technology base is better equipped with competitive barriers: the main players in cloud computing and the market for network equipment in industrial data centres and companies are one of the main competitors in the domestic competition with China, with higher product competitiveness, a higher Māori rate for network equipment, and a 40.8 per cent share of the market share of H3c in data centre exchange products in the first half of 2019.
First, the Xinhua Three will grow in three ways: 1) Breaking through and developing the operator market: 2) Out-of-country market expansion, Xinhua branding sales and channels; 3) Network re-engineering, virtualization of sdn/nfv technology, private cloud expansion, etc.
(iii)it product line: 2020 is expected to be the starting point for a new cycle of servers. Xinhua San server operations include self-research servers and servers that represent the Hpe brand (Sinhua San is the only head of the Hpe country), a two-brand strategy, integrated marketing in Xinhua San and Xinhua.
Xinhua self-researching of its own branded servers began in 2017, and by the end of 2019 a certain scale of business grew faster, with Xinhua self-researching servers being the first to market faster in the third quarter of 2019. Xinhua server product line layouts are complete, covering all mainstream business needs such as big data, virtualization, cloud computing, etc., including machine racks, blade servers, etc.
The server industry’s demand for safe and controlled applications, etc.: 1 global cloud computing capital expenditure at 2019q3-q4; 2 Chinese servers, whose output and sales are rising at a rate of 2019q3 and the logic of the turning point is gradually validated.
Sales of $86.78 billion and $17.190 billion, respectively, increased by 29.72 per cent and 54.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as a result of falling demand in 2019 industries and the impact of trade friction shocks in China and the United States, and sales of services to China of $2019h1 fell by $7.4 billion, or 2.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while global servers received $37.92 billion, or 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
(a) Global cloud-based capital spending is at a turning point of 2019q3-q4; and (b) China’s server output and sales are rising at a rate of 2019q3 and the logic of the turning point is gradually being tested. Cloud-based capital spending is warming up, commercialization of 5g is advancing, and cloud computing is developing, and the server industry’s landscape is rising;
2 China’s server competition pattern: wave information accounts for a major share (approximately 35 per cent), China’s second-tier, Xinhua III, Association, Dale is expected to increase further industry concentration, China’s exit from the server market is expected to be either strategicly affected, and Xinhua’s third-largest market share is 13.7 per cent.
3 Xinhua III: In the blade server market, with 27.5% of the market share divided into industry first, the benefits of technological innovation through self-researching servers, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, as the country’s only master generation, using the hpe server to store products and services to expand the product line and maintain the client base. As China exits the market, it has strong R & D capabilities in the future.
(iv) Network security: H3c secure sales and shipments are stable in the country ' s first group, and the Xinhua S3 secure product line focuses on cybersecurity and application security, providing users with products that integrate networks and applications
H3c securely devotes more than 15% of its sales annually to research and development, focusing on product technologies and solutions. After years of investment, h3c has developed an autonomous intellectual property high-performance processing chip and dedicated core software operating system, with over 1,000 proprietary information security technologies, while working with the International Security Organization (ISS) cve, Microsoft mapp, Yunan.
Close cooperation between the Alliance (csa) and others: the solution is broadly oriented towards data centres, wide area networks, park networks, etc. Currently, H3c has developed safety products covering three levels of network security, application level security and security management, including firewalls, vpn, utm (Uniform Threat Management), ips (Invasion Defense System), acg (Application Control Gateway), negative
More than 300 products, such as balance, safety management centres, cloud safety solutions, have 2-7 layers of full-operational security protection to meet the needs of future cloud computing, new operations such as ipv6, web 2.0, and new applications. Global businesses have entered the incremental innovation phase of the digital transformation process, with a large number of new industries based on third-platform technology.
The system has been scaled up and there may be a large number of potential security threats in these new business systems, so the deployment of cybersecurity equipment has become a necessity. The overall market for cybersecurity in our country has been growing at a high rate, at a compound rate of about 25-30% in recent years. Cybersecurity hardware, as the basis for the construction of cybersecurity, is the key to ensuring the safe operation of business-level users.
The five sub-markets of content management (scm), firewalls, intrusion detection and defense (idp), unified threat management (utm), virtual exclusive networks (vpn) are the main components of the market for security hardware. Xinhua’s share of the market for firewall hardware products is raised year after year, and product technology optimization and downstream client breakthroughs are driven by developments.
It has a market share of 23.8% in 2019h1, which is higher than the market share in China. The firewall hardware market is dominated by a market share of 19.3% in 2018 for Xinhua 3x3 hardware products. According to idc, in the first half of 2019, Xinhua 3 was the market share and security component of China’s invasion detection and defense hardware.
The management hardware market was ranked third in terms of its share of 14.4 per cent and 6.3 per cent, respectively; the main competitors in the former market were The Star and the Green League, while the main competitors in the latter market were vinyl and Chianshin.1 Developments in digitalization and cloud computing contributed to higher demand and increased size in the information/network security sector: global enterprises have grown.
The deployment of cyber-security equipment has become a necessity as a result of the exponential innovation that has entered the digital transformation process. Our cybersecurity policy has accelerated, the overall market growth has remained high, with a compound growth rate of about 25-30% in recent years, and 2 China’s cyber-security competition pattern: Xinhua has a hard firewall based on a deep client base in government and key industries.
The market share of equipment has been raised year by year, to 2019h1, with a market share exceeding that of China, with 23.8 per cent; The main competitors in the field of security are vintures, starlights, Green League technology, e-mail, etc..3 Xinhua III: Safe product lines are rich and are the focus of more than 1,000 letters on corporate R & D inputs.
Patented technology in the area of security of interest, ranked ahead in multiple fields such as scm, firewalls, and idp, is more competitive: company product cover network level security, application level security and security management at three levels, with more than 300 products and 2-7 floors of full-service security protection.
(v) Cloud computing: cloud product series is richly compatible, leading the country’s private cloud industry, purple-light (Xinhua III) based on H3ccloudos cloud operating system, H3ccloudcmp cloud management platform and H3ccas virtualization platform, among others, become the leading market leader in cloud computing.
(sdn/nfv) to iot’s full connectivity, from private to industrial to industrial cloud and industry cloud services. Purple shares (Xinhua III) have built a full-scale cloud management platform that supports publicly owned, privately owned and mixed clouds, compatible with home-grown autonomous hardware and software, and companies have been in the private cloud industry for many years.
In leadership position, with the ability to integrate clouds, numbers, minds, networks, and dimensions, there are more than 5,000 user practices in government, finance, media, electricity, education, etc. H3ccloudos is the most representative cloud computing product that is industry-oriented and provides cloud, numerical, intellectual integration.
Solutions; application-oriented, cloud-, number- and intelligence-based one-stop service support; resource-oriented, building blocks-based mixing. The system innovates in the business of ai (a), Bigdata (b), cloud (c) based on openstack and substantial optimization and customization, which can help users to achieve full cloudization of data centres and effectively secure user resources.
Multi-data centres are centrally managed and one-stop clouds. H3cloudos now has more than 300 landings in government, education, health, business, etc.
H3ccloudcmp Cloud Management Platforms are multi-bed, high-speed cloud services. h3ccloudcmp Native supports h3ccloudos-based, privately owned cloud solutions, with the ability to access multiple public cloud platforms such as Ali Clouds, tungsten Clouds, Microsoft: and provides cloud hosts, cloud hard drives, private networks, elastic ips, cloud load balances, cloud routers, publics, etc.
A rich cloud computing resource management service, such as a web-based address pool. h3ccas is a virtual platform for data centres to develop autonomously, and is the cornerstone of the next generation of cloud data centres. h3ccas uses a new telecommunications level virtualization kernel, and virtualization platforms have stable reliability and processing capabilities that meet telecommunications-level requirements.
H3ccas can combine delivery computing, storage, network, security virtualization resources, and efficiently integrate data centre infrastructure resources to help clients move to the next generation of cloud data centres. China’s cloud management platform market is already in a high-speed development period, with 1.94 billion yuan in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
43.7%, driven by the cloud computing industry and the release of business demand, thanks to a series of policies adopted by the State, which set out the target of one million more high-volume enterprises in the country by 2020, particularly in the areas of government, health, finance and manufacturing, with 30% in the three-year capgr in 2018-2021, we believe that Xinhua will continue to expand its market base with its own advantages.
Competition patterns: China ' s cloud management platform market is dominated by Xinhua San, with a share of 21.8 per cent and has been in the leadership quadrant for many years; market participants are more numerous, with the exception of Xinhua, Huaieng, Huayun and the four leading companies, the market share is fragmented and the market is developing in an integrated fashion, with a growing number of similar products. According to ccw in 2018.
Research analyses of the competitiveness of national cloud management platforms from market and product-based technological capabilities, Xinhua, China, China, China, China and China are in a position of domestic leadership, and Xinhua has its own hardware to the full range of software-plus industry-wide solutions.
Purple Digital, a fully-owned subsidiary under the flag of Purple, is primarily responsible for the distribution of its products and supply chain services. It is distributed by agents such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Union, Xinhua, Sam-Sung, Hua-Soo, Cisco, etc. New market regions and product lines were added in 2018, ranking the distributors of it in 2017 according to their business partners, with the figure of Purple Digital ranking fifth.
The current revenue is $20.25 billion, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same year, and the purple digital Maori rate is about 5-7 per cent, with a net interest rate of about 1 per cent. Supply chain service segments: Internet technology microfinance, finance leasing, business factoring, etc., have steadily increased to provide supply chain services for companies downstream distribution channels.
1) The industrial landscape of network equipment products and their it products increased from 2020 to 2021, with a steady recovery in business growth rates; 2) marketing and management costs increased as a result of the expansion of overseas markets and operators' markets; Māori rates for self-research servers are expected to increase as industry demand warms and production scales;
4) Māori rates for proxy Hewlett-Packard server and storage equipment operations have remained stable, and Māori rates for purple digital IT distribution operations have remained stable.
A steady recovery in the speed of growth and a two-fold rise in corporate valuations and performance. Relative valuation: compared to comparable companies, vinyls with greater advantages in the area of security, 2020e-pe with 85.9x and 54.9x, wave information with greater advantages in the area of servers 2020e-pe with 42.0x, and Mid-Sunlight 2020e-x.
P-59.7x; E-Commercial and Starnet sharp 2020 e-pe of 38.2x and 28.8x; the number of Xinzhous (assuming that Xinhua shares hold 31% of Xinhua shares), taking into account the technical competitive barriers to Xinhua products + act area + resource accumulation for long-term market cultivation + operator market expansion and overseas market expansion + alternative logic for national production, and in the field of security,
The server industry has an advantage over the valuation, which we believe has a share of the “core asset” attributes and long-term growth characteristics, is in a cloud computing industry development and a 5g construction boom, and the valuation has an advantage. The current market value is $92.8 billion, the 5g is less than expected, the overseas market is not expanding as much as expected, the operator market is not expanding as expected, and the cloud vendor is not expanding as expected.
The third prize, the fifth in the crystal ball, 2017, and the first in the 2017 Bond Times Award. Pao Gang, Research Assistant in the Civil Security Industry and Communications, Master of Industrial Economics, Nanjing University, undergraduate mathematics, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.