The Bulls Group (603195) light-work manufacturing has grown steadily, and the combined advantage highlights the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: companies published three-quarter reports in 2024, with companies earning $12.6 billion in the first three quarters of 24 years, i.e. + 8.6 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers of $3.26 billion, i.e. + 16 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions of $2.84 billion, i.e. + 8.3 per cent in the same quarter, with q3 receiving $4.22 billion, i.e. + 5 per cent in the same quarter;
The net profit is 1.02 billion yuan, or 3.4 per cent of the year; the net profit is 940 million yuan, or 2.2 per cent of the year, and the cost of sales has increased and profitability has remained stable. In the previous three quarters, the overall Māori ratio of the company was 43.1 per cent, the same as +1.2 pp. The efficiency of operations has increased as a result of the promotion of the digitalization process. In terms of the cost rate, the total cost of the company has increased.
Rates of 15.7 per cent compared to +2.1 pp, with sales/management/financial/research and development rates increasing mainly due to the expansion of new strategic businesses such as 1 new energy source, smart lighting; 2 decorative channels full-scale flagship shops, new retail models; 3 facilitating the transformation of corporate brands into fashion, high-end, science and technology
Upgraded. Investment returns as a percentage of income increased by 2.2 pp on the same date. A combination of net corporate gains in the first three quarters of 24 years highlighted the combined advantages of multi-grade layouts. Companies still show the industry’s business resilience, under pressure from the property and weak domestic domestic markets.
Utility connectivity continues to be based on consumer demand for product innovation, enhanced fashion, high-end branding and robust growth. 2) Smart Electric Lighting works to create smart front-loaded electric-product ecology with smart lights at its core, and to facilitate the integration of the full-scale flagship with the new retail model: the full-scale flagship.
While stores have promoted sales by optimizing their displays and experiences, new retailing models have been able to provide a steady growth of off-the-shelf customers through such means as on-line flows and multimedia matrices. 3) The new energy business is organized around a “light-store-filled” landscape, further enriching the product lines, and working towards faster growth.
At the same time, companies are actively promoting global, market-wide and fully home-grown overseas exploration.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.