The Bulls Group (603195.sh) has experienced robust income growth in the three quarters, strong business resilience in the three quarters, strong income profitability in the three quarters, and strong business resilience in the three-quarters.
As a result of the pressure, the corporate income growth loop has slowed, and the small decline in profitability has been largely due to short-term real estate pressure passed to the end of the business, solid foundation stone business, and rapid growth of new business. The power connection business is largely influenced by consumption trends and demand for power grids, and is expected to increase at a robust rate, with the converter targeting diversification.
The new and expanded product lines, such as landscape demand, the differentiated demand of overseas markets, the continuous upgrading of product structures, and electric tools, are expected to be new growth points. Smart electric lighting works to create smart pre-loading electrical eco-systems centred on headlamps, where walls are open, light is connected to real estate, etc.
The 52-week peak/minimum price is expected to slow the growth rate and the smart headlight bulls and beam brands are functioning well; the new energy business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate from a relatively small base, with a cumulative development of the C-end terminal network as of 2024h1
More than 22,000 households and more than 2,200 clients of the operator. Persistence on efficiency gains and efficiency gains, the decline in the Māori rate, mainly due to the rise in bulk raw materials, sales related inputs, net interest rate of 24.3 per cent/-0.4 pct, resulting from fair value changes, return on investment, etc.
Mid-Year Review of the Bulls Group (603195.sh) 2024: Basic solidity, acceptance of investment proposals: Adjustment of profit projections to maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
Corporate cores are in the top of the industry, brands are strong, channels are well-tailored, and look at old and new business and revenue growth, profits are significantly increased, high scores are paid back to shareholders, and new and old channels are synergizing. Taking into account weak consumption and deep property adjustments, adjusted profit projections are projected.
Bulls Group (603195.sh) - Leader of the Civil Electric Industry, Effective New and Old Business The Bulls Group (603195.sh) - Increase in the same rate of robust Māori performance, New Energy The Bulls Group (603195.sh) - Leader of the Civilian Electric Industry, New and Old Business and Channel
Per = 15/14/13x, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Figure 2: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in a single season. Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and speed of increase
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author