Events: 3-quarterly company reports in 2024, company operating revenue of $12.60 billion in September of 24 years ago, Bull Group (603195.sh)
The electrical connection business is growing robustly. In the converter category, the company continues to upgrade its products from both user and scene lines to meet the diversified needs of downstream customers and to consolidate its income stock; in the digital component and electric tool items category, the company continues to increase its focus on new products, such as orbital slots, and to build revenue growth.
Chen Bojo has also continued to optimize communication strategies, using timid social platforms such as tremors, b stations and small red books to promote branding and consumer transformation.
Intelligent electrician lighting creates high-end product ecology. Under pressure from the property, walls are opened and lighting operations □ chenbairu_yj@chinastock.com.cn swimmers are subject to a certain discomfort, but the whole is supported by strong corporate branding and customer base.
The company's dynamic layout of emerging products, such as headlights, is ecologic, and its lighting brands continue to grow at a relatively low base, with great potential for future growth. The new energy business product lines continue to be enriched.
It will continue at a high rate in the first half of the year and will continue to grow at a high rate in the short term in the future.
Cash flows are abundant and profitable. The company ' s Māori ratio was 43.1% in September 24th year, compared to +1.2 pct;
Investment proposals: The company continues to deepen its channel layout and to focus on the needs of its users as well as on innovative products, traditional business growth, rapid development of new business such as headlights, new energy sources, stock and incremental space.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.