Company review report 4 performance in non-ferrous metals, the lithium industry's leading ecological system, the lithium industry (002460.sz)
The construction of a full-scale breakthrough, Yesshaw, is the result of a fair-value change in the price of the pilbara stock held by the company.
Lithium prices accelerated during the reporting period, driven by the high demand for new downstream energy vehicles. According to $185.3 million per ton at the beginning of the month, $186.3 million per ton rose to $28.24 million per ton at the end of December, $23.43 million per ton; and 2021q4 domestic battery-grade lithium carbonate at an average price of $2092 million per ton.
Ten thousand yuan per ton, a 25,249 per cent increase in the same year, and a 54.22 per cent increase in the ring. Lithium salt products cost more than 10,000 yuan. And the company Mahone released 50,000 tons of additional capacity for lithium hydroxide in three months, and Ning added 175,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production line technology to 20,000 tons of capacity.
The company has been active in promoting 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate in Argentina’s cauchari-laroz lithium salt lake.
In addition, the company made an offer to acquire Bacanora, with a 100% share in the Mexican sonora lithium clay mine, accelerating the rate of sonora lithium clay.
Construction work on the 20,000-ton lithium hydroxide project; the company indirectly held an interest in the Lithium Dust Mine project in Mali, Africa, by acquiring 50 per cent of the shares of the Dutch company Spv, and acquired the right of sale: the company acquired 8.58 per cent of the remaining shares of Litio, thereby owning the Mariana Salt Lake project
In addition, the company plans to buy 49% of the five mineral salt lakes with its own funds of $147 million, and the five mineral salt lakes have a Lithium Lithium Littex Lake project with 10,000 tons of carbonate capacity. And the first downstream companies to carry solid electrolytic diaphragms and so on.
This solid-state battery of 50 East Wind 70 electric vehicles has officially been delivered, leading to a major breakthrough in corporate solid cells below the industrial chain, and an improved ecological construction of the company’s lithium industry chain. The annual lithium price rate will probably run at a high level.
A resource layout that increases future resource self-sustainability and future lithium industry market penetration will fully enjoy the new energy lithium electricity growth trend and lithium price release performance. And a break-up in corporate downstream solid-state batteries will also help companies to improve the eco-system of the lithium industrial chain.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.