Cloud operations have increased in speed and quality, and q4 is expected to show up q4 Q221 Quarters to achieve a net return profit of $127 million, compared to –16 million during the same period last year.
With 46.60 billion yuan, a 24 per cent increase in the same year; with 2.53 billion yuan in cloud business, an 83 per cent increase in the same year; with a high rate of growth in cloud business, the increase in inputs to the market, a 62 per cent increase in the same year. Given the company ' s large corporate client orders this year, revenue recognition is generally concentrated.
At the same time, companies cut off their financial operations, resulting in good overall and cloud revenue growth for q3. At the cost side, companies sold $1.25 billion in the previous three quarters, with growth rates of 41% and 20%, respectively, for R & D. Firmly pursuing cloud transformation strategies, building channels and partner systems, and grinding core products
One of the central strengths of the users is the wealth of large clients.
In the first three quarters of 21st quarter, large companies generated $1.77 billion, a 73% increase, and this year, the winner of a number of large enterprise projects, such as the National Investment Group, space technology, Xiamen Aviation. The first three quarters saw a $190 million gain in the market of medium-sized enterprises, an increase of 126%, and the new product, u9c, a positive response.
Small-scale enterprise market revenues of $330 million, an increase of 117 per cent over the same period; and political revenues of $240 million, an increase of 91 per cent over the same period. From key indicators of cloud operations, the rate of renewal is: 108.26 per cent for large-scale enterprises in the previous three quarters and 48.5 per cent for medium-sized enterprises at the beginning of the year.
Unanimously expected 21-year average ps, and company ps valuations have room for improvement. Therefore, the “recommended” rating is maintained. Downstream client's expenses are not as high as expected; large-scale enterprise project delivery is not as fast as expected; product R & D is not as fast as expected.
Volume, accelerating the capture of large enterprise markets : further acceleration of cloud transformation, sustained production, summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.