Quarterly review 2021: performance against expectations, newly signed Research Assistant Zhou Gao Qui incident: company reports issued in the third quarter of 2021, with operating income of $4,933 million in the first three quarters
Dollars, 6.8 per cent increase in the same year; mothers ' net profit of $127 million, $143 million increase in the same year. Recovering the impact of factors such as the restructuring of the income structure of MSMEs ' clients and the promotion of the outsourcing of delivery sub-signs, the revenue growth was 28 per cent.
The sum of 2,526 million yuan, an increase of 83.0 per cent, represents 54.2 per cent of the total income from cloud-plus software, and 8.37 million cloud services, of which nearly 70 per cent are newly introduced clients, and the steady growth of clients and the maintenance of subscriptions continue to increase to provide guarantees for the growth of high-quality corporate income.
Business with large clients is progressing well. The company is pursuing the historical opportunity of innovation and nationalization, actively promoting a hybrid cloud solution for large companies, constantly breaking through the giant business customers, and in 2021 it signed a new contract for a group of foreign companies such as the China Development Investment Group, the Space Technology Group, the Chinese Post and the China Ping Coon Group.
State corporations and industry have taken the lead in the label customers, further consolidating the absolute leadership of the big business customer market, and existing orders are moving towards large singles. In the first three quarters of 2021, cloud+ software was sold directly, with the same sum of $4.83 billion, an increase of 31.9% over the previous year, of which over $5 million in new contracts was awarded.
Q3 year, the company invests $1.560 billion in R & D, an increase of 42.2% compared to the 42.2% in R & D inputs.
Compared to 40%, the continuous increase in R & D investment is driving cloud service platforms and core applications.
In the long term, the company will focus on developing an implementing partner, improving its business structure, and focusing more on the quality of the in-depth report: "Use" the platform. In the future, the company will gradually separate the implementation from the ecological partner, focusing itself on delivering the poles and tools.
Friends Ecology 2021-08-05.
With far-reaching implications, as large-scale orders continue to fall, ecological advantages provide companies with a business quality network: improved results of increased concentration on cloud services will gradually emerge.
A good matrix of friendly products, a clear client strategy, a strong customer advantage for large firms, a long-term know-degree report rating: cloud services are better than the market how accumulation has become a core competitive barrier. As the number of large firms' clients rises, companies operate.
It is expected that the end-of-life, strategic acceleration delivery cycle will be longer and the scale and quality of the project will continue over time, and will be reflected in the following time dimensions.
“Ecology” strategy development and performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.