We think the company's long-term fundamentals are still robust.
We reiterate our rating of “buy-in” to companies, long-term appreciation of the development potential of the Saas industry, and of the competitive advantage of companies as industry leaders. The short-term investment strategy is a quick evaluation product of the international research in Pilk, designed to provide investors with a high degree of certainty.
We try to capture short-term event-driven and market-driven transactional opportunities that may be different or consistent with our 12-month long-term fundamentals. Therefore, the product is used only to provide short-term technology investment perspectives and recommendations, and should not.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of this report have indicated and assured that they are entitled to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]