With the high growth of the cloud network (600588.sh) and the rapid breakthrough in the large business sector, the Focus Cloud Transformation Strategy of 31 October 2021 continued to increase inputs and maintain the “buy-in” rating
Taking into account the continued growth in corporate R & D and market inputs, we have reduced the historical opportunity for corporate net profit projections, nationalization and internationalization for 2021-2023 to accelerate growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Billion dollars, with a straight-forward gain, were largely the result of an increase in non-recurrent returns, such as investment earnings from smooth and easy payment of equity transfers. Of these, q3 earned 1.756 billion yuan in operating income for the first quarter, an increase of 5.2% over the previous quarter, and a net return on maternity - $8,81.24 million, a decrease of 113.86% over the previous three quarters.
A significant increase in the proportion of large-scale projects with longer delivery cycles, a transformation of MSMEs market revenue structure, a gradual move towards outsourcing of delivery sub-signs, a digital transition and a rapid landing of national production orders The value of direct sales contracts for corporate cloud services and software operations was $4.83 billion, an increase of 31.9 per cent over the same period
The value of the new contracts in question increased by 59.1% over the same year, up by 22.1% from 37.0% in the same year. Meanwhile, companies have signed up for a group of leading pole customers in the U.S. corporate and industry sectors, such as the National Development Investment Group, the Space Science and Technology Group, the Chinese Post, and the Ping Coon Ma Group.
• High growth in cloud operations, smooth access to full-scale transformational cloud services. Corporate cloud services generated revenues of 2,526 million yuan, an increase of 83.0 per cent over the same period, and accounted for the overall volume of cloud services and software operations.
The company’s cloud services arr reached $1.18 billion, which is higher than the year-on-year round, with a significant 41.5 per cent breakthrough in the market for large-scale head enterprises. In particular, for micro-enterprises, subsidiaries have been out of business since 1 October 2021.
Billion dollars, representing nearly 90 per cent of the total revenue from cloud services and software operations.
Programs, Focus on Cloud+Soft Masters -