Quick and high-quality growth in cloud services - 3-quarter reviews in 2021.
Accelerating the development of cloud services operations, where revenues increased by 83.0 per cent over the previous three quarters, with companies achieving operating income of $4.93 billion, or 6.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the following:
The Division further focused on cloud services and the software master industry, moving forward with the outsourcing of delivery sub-signs and the promotion of revenue flow market value (millions of dollars): this is due to the accelerated transformation of cloud services by companies and the strategic expansion of R & D, marketing and sales
Inputs; net profit on return to a company of 127 million yuan, an increase of 143 million yuan for the same year, mainly due to the same increase in non-recurrent returns, such as the return on investment resulting from the smooth payment of equity transfers. Sub-operations, for the first three quarters of the year, revenues from corporate cloud services were 2,526 million yuan, an increase of 83.0 per cent over the same period, accounting for cloud services.
The rapid growth in the number of new contracts, arr, contractual liabilities, client security for the future, the intellectual transformation of companies and the continued acceleration of the landing of national production orders, the direct sale of cloud services and software operations amounting to $4.83 billion, an increase of 31.9 per cent.
The high rate of growth in corporate arr, cloud service contract and subscription-related contract liabilities has provided firm guarantees for high-speed, high-quality growth. As of the end of the third quarter, company services arr stood at $1,180 million, an increase of 41.5 per cent over the semi-annual ring; and corporate cloud services.
The annual report takes stock: the cloud turning point has broken out and cloud services have grown at a rapid rate of 72.4 per cent over the same period. As of the end of the third quarter, the number of customers paying for new cloud services by companies was 837,000, and the cumulative number of customers paying for cloud services by removing customers from financial cloud services was 3,376,000.
Enhancing the capacity of cloud platforms and applications services to sustain the capture of large, medium-sized and micro-enterprise markets.
(ii) The market for customers of medium-sized enterprises: the company has signed a contract with the nuclear army.
In the last three quarters, the company’s large, medium-sized, small-sized, government and other public organizations received 17.7, 1.9, 3.3 and 230 million yuan.
The company has been working for years in traditional business management software and has a strong position in the industry; cloud services are a strategic development
Expected; brain drain; increased number of manufacturers entering the corporate cloud services market and increased competition in the industry.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.