Friends Network (600588.sh) Computer/computer applications Yoonbip Foreground: Cloud Twilight, Industrial Interconnection — User Networks Deep
• Investment perspective: high profile of the business-level saas sector, transitioning strategy 3.0-ii to a platform
In 2020, companies released yonbip, using a cloud-based architecture, based on the unification of the iuap platform, industrial chains and inter-firm connectivity, enabling businesses to innovate in business, and facilitating the transformation of corporate services from software to platform services.
The business-level saas market has continued to improve, while the company’s product abundance, infrastructure, fee-based models, etc. have steadily improved, and the city’s share is expected to increase further.
Corporate cloud products cover three types of large, medium and small enterprise markets, and product functionality modules such as yonbip, nccloud, yonsuite, t+cloud have been continuously refined, with significant improvements in product availability, determinability, deployment efficiency, upgrading and maintenance based on the re-establishment of the cloud.
In many industries, such as clouds, car clouds, financial clouds, energy clouds, fiscal clouds, catering clouds, medical clouds, and so on, the field clouds cover financial clouds, human clouds, purchasing clouds, marketing clouds, and synergizing clouds, and the products are constantly doing their best. At the same time, companies have long insisted on high R & D inputs, safeguarding the competitiveness of their products.
In 2020, companies achieved $3.422 billion in revenues from cloud services, representing an increase of 73.7 per cent in the same year, representing an increase of 40.1 per cent in total income, 17 pct in the same year, and 60.16 million cumulative customers from cloud services, representing an increase of 17.5 per cent in the same year.
Through long-term deep-cultivation, medium- and large-scale enterprise-level services, companies have accumulated advantages such as deep-scale industrial know-how, highly complex products, and well-developed customer-successful service systems. As the digital economy becomes fully open, the company’s service advantage in large enterprises will be reflected.
• The pace of the eco-strategy is accelerating, with the goal of 100,000 eco-partners long enough to combine the Salesforce income structure, and the income from the eco-partners will be of paramount importance to business-level service providers. In 2021, the corporate eco-strategy accelerated, through integrated and integrated ecological cooperation.
• Investment proposals: Saas has a wide range of opportunities to grow up and move up to a “highly recommended” rating. The company is the leader of our corporate-level service, the cloud transition is moving fast, and the strategy 3.0-ii phase is serving the platform.
The cloud transformation takes another layer, with yombep leading the industry at $1690 million, or 2,122 million, corresponding to 76, 62, 49 times the amount, moving up to a “strongly recommended” rating. Financial summary and valuation indicators (14 May 2021)
Quarterly Deficit and Cloud Service Income Keeps Up Growth 2019-04-29 Half-Year Report High Profit and Cloud Service Business Income Growth
Corporate platforming strategic objectives are clear, adhering to cloud priorities, subscription priorities, partial enhancement of the original software products, timing of partial financial operations, and focusing on the main business. We assume that the company’s final business is essentially completely cloudy, and that it values only the company’s cloud business, mainly based on subscription revenue.
Business-level service saas enterprises generally use strong products and strong R & D strategies in the upfront period in order to capture the market quickly, resulting in higher cost inputs and lower net profit losses or increases. Therefore, we use the ps valuation method, which is twice the reference, assuming a 20 per cent net rate of interest on the steady state, corresponding to 43.15 times that of the salesforce, which collects cagr during this period.
For 26%, the peg corresponds to 1.66, which is a reasonable peg value for a friend network. Assuming that a friend network has not generated 70% of cloud business income over the next five years, the corresponding figure is 116.2, assuming that a friend network has a solid-state net profit, the company is a leading service provider at the enterprise level in the country, the cloud transition is moving rapidly, and the strategic phase 3.0 is serving the platform.
In addition, during the period of the Tenth Five-Five, the country has developed intellectually or will accelerate, and the demand of downstream customers is expected to be opened up. Companies 2 are expected to gradually accept publicly owned cloud services, assuming that the company’s public cloud and mixed cloud drive will work as expected.
3. Assuming a continuation of the trend towards nationalization, the management-type software of large domestic enterprises will be nationalized in the future.
A unified iuap platform has greater strategic importance in terms of the industrial Internet.2 Platformization: youonbip is more than a mega-saas service from the cloud, and more a kind of Paas service that builds a co-prosperous ecology through the platform and promotes the intellectual transformation of business, with platform revenue as a potential growth point.
3. Market penetration: Cloud transformation is not just a re-engineering of software products, leading producers have clear advantages in R & D, industry accumulation, and personnel accumulation, and the product architecture will continue to improve. At the same time, there is still room for growth in the cost of smoothing firms’ subscription revenues, and in the future in terms of company and unit prices.
4. Public cloud: During phase 3.0-ii of the corporate strategy, companies pushed public cloud services, subscription models, yonsuite, t+clud, etc., to support subscriptions only, and the share of subscription income is expected to rise. 1, “Digital China” strategy continued to advance.
Strategies, new capital policies, etc., create new opportunities for the digital transformation of firms. In the context of the “digital China” strategic opportunity, corporate saas spending is expected to increase.
The need for self-control is particularly pressing for local producers, and the trend towards national production of management software will become more apparent.1 Competition in the market. More manufacturers (including large Internet companies) enter the enterprise Internet (tob) market, and competition in the business services industry increases.
Companies are pushing hard to build yombep, and investment in R & D has increased significantly. If firms misjudge their expectations of their demand, market performance falls short of expectations, leading to waste of corporate capital and a decline in business competitiveness.
3. Macroeconomic influences downstream demand. Corporate clients are predominantly business, and their need to upgrade and update management software will be weakened if they go down the macro-economically difficult.
1.1. Enterprise services trilogy: Financial software, erp, bip use network, established in 1988, has a long-term focus on and lead the country ' s business services market, providing customer digitization, intelligence and comprehensiveness in the areas of marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, finance, manpower, synergy, platform services, etc.
The history can be divided into three phases according to the main products and strategies of the user network: (1) 1988-1998, in the year of Friends 1.0, with financial software as the main focus.
LAN-based finance software to achieve financial management services for enterprises. At this stage, companies always maintain the highest level of municipal ownership of domestic financial management software. Companies began to develop towards the erp sector in 1996. (2) From 1998 to 2014, the alumni age was 2.0, dominated by erp systems and services.
The Department introduced Yu8 and nc into the erp industry. In 2001, a share was marketed. In 2002, the company achieved the highest level of industry in the Chinese city of erp. The company then continued to produce u9, t series, nc6 products, expanding the entire range of business services and perfecting the product matrix.
(iii) 2014 - to date, with the friendly 3.0 era, with cloud services as the main focus. In 2014, with friends, the company’s Internet development strategy was further clarified, and the cloud transition started. In 2016, with friends announced entering the 3.0 strategy period, the company’s services were provided in a comprehensive manner. In 2018, with friends in China’s publicly owned market of Yunsaas, and with applications.
In January 2019, a friend released nccloud, and in October October, an erp package of yonsuite. In August 2020, a friend launched yonbip, which upgraded cloud services from a product service model to a platform service model, targeting 100,000 ecological partners and hundreds of millions of individual communities to serve millions of business clients.
Figure 1: The history of the development of a friend network is divided into three phases 1.2. Cloud operations: two matrices: cloudp, yonbip. Currently, two matrices of bip and cloudp are formed from the products and services of a friend cloud. (1) bip category: yonbip
The main products are cloud platforms, field clouds, ecological clouds, yonsuite, industrial clouds, etc., which are based on the development, opening and operation of the friendly juap cloud platform, using cloud-based structures to support the exchange of information on ecological chains. (2) Clouds: based mainly on the exchange of information
The original version of the erp product is a cloud-modified version, the product system is mature and the modules are fully functional, and the products include nc cloud, u8cloud and t+cloud product lines, which serve customers of large, medium and micro-enterprises, respectively.The company ' s cloud service business model is to provide Paas, saas, baas, daas to business clients and public organizations.
In particular, (1) bip: yonbip supports the deployment of private and publicly owned clouds.
Models, licences and subscriptions to fees; products such as yonsuite, good accountants, good businesses, easy-to-credit accounts support only the public cloud deployment model, subscription to charges mode. (2) Clouds: nccloud and u8clud support the public and private cloud deployment model, as well as subscriptions and licences to fees, t+clud provides the public and private cloudy ministry
The Department model, but only supports subscription to the fee model. Figure 3: Classification and business model of ammonium cloud products 1.3, high growth in cloud revenues and steady increases in unit prices
In the future, as the corporate cloud shift continues, the cloud service income ratio is expected to rise further. Bip accounts for 36 per cent of cloud services, dominated by large and medium-sized customers.
Industry/government clouds and education clouds achieve income of 12.19/11.45/36/1/45.6 million yuan respectively, with a further increase in the share of the bip-type income. In terms of customer structure, large and medium-sized enterprises remain the company’s main income. The number of cloud-serving clients has been rising year by year, with the client industry being relatively concentrated.
The number of households reached 60.16 million, an increase of 17.45 per cent over the same period, the number of pay-for-services increased significantly less than the rate of income from cloud services, which also indicates the continued increase in the value of single-client companies, the improvement of product matrices and the effectiveness of client outreach. In 2019, the cumulative number of service clients in corporate cloud services reached 5.43 million, with a pay-for-service penetration rate of 9.43 per cent.
In terms of industry distribution, the share of consumer goods, manufacturing, real estate and transport among large companies was 28%, 26%, 22%, respectively, and the customer industry led China’s saas industry with the firm’s transformation steadily moving forward.
According to idc, which publishes the China Business Application Saas Market Tracking Report (2019h2+20h1), companies use Saas, ermsaas, finance saas, supply chain management saas as the first market share in the industry, with a market share of 6.3%, 13.7%, 27.4%, 17.2%.
2. Bip: Industrial chain saas+paas, three-wheel drive to accelerate change 2.1, erp to bip - new trends in business development erp to bip is the need for deeper integration of business technology and business applications. Business innovation platforms
(businessinnovationplatform, bip) is a new generation of digital and intelligent technologies that enable enterprises to innovate in products and operations through digitization, intelligence, organization and management change, re-engineering/building of platforms, eco-modified multiple services for enterprise development. The core value of bip to business clients is demonstrated by:
Operating online; networking, connecting everything to transform the enterprise into an industrial Internet company; moving business intelligently driven; and exploring rapid business innovation. Figure 13: Bip is a new generation of socialization synergetic platforms
Bip upgrades the paas architecture to support business innovation. Bip emphasizes business innovation and platforms, including the platform for its services and the platform for business services, which integrates business +it and directly supports business innovation.
The ability of organizations and individuals to undertake business innovations on a demand-driven, ready-to-be and local basis has allowed business innovation to break out of the three barriers of technology, commerce and cost, while the use of a new generation of the int architecture by bit reduces the deployment, application and running costs of business IT, making business innovation simple, easy, popular and social.
The core components of design, manufacturing, content creation, marketing and co-management can all be the subject of a technology penetration adaptation of the Bip Business Innovation Platform.
Bip is a new generation of industrial chains, saas, which enhances industrial efficiency. By connecting the supply side and the demand side in two directions, it creates a rapid feedback mechanism for high demand-supply interactions, improving industrial efficiency and promoting the integration and innovation of the whole production chain.
The flow of information from the end client to the original supplier is not effective in sharing information, allowing information to be distorted and magnified, leading to demand variation magnification, waste of stocks, mismatch between supply and demand, etc. In an industry networking environment, real-time interactions between data can take place up and down the industrial chain and between enterprises, and the problem will arise.
In addition, elements such as new technology scenarios, platforms, management concepts, etc., will be applied locally by integrating into the new web-based relationships that have been shaped by the bip business innovation platform. 2.2, bip welcomes three major opportunities: intellectual, cloud-born, and national production.
According to the National Statistical Office, the digital economy increased to 35.8 trillion yuan in 2019, or 36.2 per cent of gdp, compared to a 1.4 pct increase in 2005, which was 14.2 per cent in 2014-2019.
In 2019, the digital economy contributed 67.7 per cent to economic growth, a key driver of economic growth in the country. The report on the work of the Government in 2021 clearly stated that “accelerate digital development, build new advantages in the digital economy, and work together to promote digital and industrial digitization” during the period of the “14th Five-Year Plan of Action”
The “digital China” strategy makes it clear that building a digital economy will be a major step forward. The Chinese economy is now at a critical stage in the macro-environment and in the transformation of old and new dynamic energy, with China building in early 2020.
The construction of a new infrastructure involving many industrial chains, focusing on five-g-based stations, super-pressures, inter-city high-speed railways and urban orbital traffic, new-energy car-loading posts, large data centres, artificial intelligence, and the industrial Internet, highlights the fact that the new round of growth in China’s economy will be more dependent on a digital transition and a digital economy.
In an environment in which the enterprise’s digitization strategy will determine to a large extent the business success of the enterprise, the digitalization priority (diigitalfirst) will be the core strategy leading to the transformation of the enterprise. The global IT budget is digital.
The global labor force is the millennium generation, and the global cio role is driving the business sector, not the int sector.
Business digital innovation The advantages of clouding technology are clear, accelerating the intellectualization of business numbers. Compared to traditional software, the saas products have a variety of advantages: low cost, high flexibility, expansion, interconnectivity. Low cost: saas services save businesses from it.
Cost of infrastructure construction, int manual costs, after-service maintenance costs, plant costs, etc. High flexibility: Saas model applications deploy cloud ends, wherever and whenever the enterprise’s staff can use the service, without affecting the replacement of the enterprise’s office address. Extendable: an enterprise may choose to subscribe to a different service according to its needs, charging for the number of services, and the same.
It can be made more easily functionally efficient. Connectivity: in the context of saas, enterprises can link to the outside world in a public cloud environment, interconnecting data and significantly improving the efficiency of social resources.
Figure 20: Key technological architectures for cloud-based life The ecological development of cloud-based technologies and the introduction of corporate applications into the cloud-based age. Cloud-based technology ecology has been extended from the technical fields of containers, micro-services, devops, etc. to lower-level technology, organization and management techniques, safety
Many branches of technology, monitoring and analysis, and landscape applications have initially formed a life-cycle technology chain that supports the application of cloud-based biochemicals. Gartner reports that 75% of global enterprises will use cloud-based containerization (one of the core technologies) applications in production by 2022.
In 2022, 90 per cent of new applications will use a micro-service architecture to improve the ability to design, debug, update and use third-party codes, and 35 per cent of applications in the production environment will be used to support cloud computing services; by 2023, 75 per cent of its expenditure will be spent on third-generation platform technology, and over 90 per cent of enterprises will have a “digitalized primary”it environment.
In December 2017, the Trump government launched its first National Security Strategy Report, in which the United States defined China as the main “strategic opponent” and “competer”.
From 2018 to the present, the U.S. Government has imposed sanctions on 296 Chinese enterprises in 10 batches of China, mainly in the areas of 5g, semiconductors, artificial intelligence, and space and aviation. In August 2018, Trump signed the Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, which contains the Export Control Reform 2018.
The country’s IT industry is in urgent need of autonomy and control, given the increased uncertainty of the macro-environment. The innovation industry is becoming eco-friendly, and the process of nationalization is expected to accelerate.
For more than 30 years, the innovation industry has made steady progress in ecological development, major breakthroughs in nuclear technology, etc., and the competitiveness of its products has continued to improve. At present, we have a pool of highly competitive firms, pk, in the areas of operating systems, cpu, intermediates, databases, applications, etc.
The improvement of the ecology will significantly accelerate the process of national production of soft and hardware replacement, which will benefit either the national production of software and hardware.
2.3. The growth rate of Paas and saas, and the concentration or increase in the industry is expected to be 65% and 30% in China ' s Paas and saas markets in 2019-2022. Our cloud-based industries continue to grow in size, driven by policies, technology, demand, etc.
The market size of China’s publicly owned cloud is 97.38 billion yuan, an increase of 55 per cent, or 8.7 per cent globally, of which the market size of Paas and Saas is 79.9, 37.850 billion yuan, or 76 per cent, or 42 per cent. China’s share of the global market is 5.8 per cent, China’s share of the market is 5.4 per cent, China’s share of the market is 18.3 per cent, and the growth of the market is significantly slower than that of the region.
As the construction of the country’s Yaas matures, the environment for its deployment is expected to improve significantly, and the development of the industry will accelerate. According to the Haebi study, China’s Paas, Saas market cagr in 2019-2022 was divided into 65% of the size of the public cloud market in China.
China’s publicly owned cloud market accounts for a global share of 36.21 billion yuan, an increase of 48.7 per cent over the previous year. The epidemic has stimulated business acceptance of and demand for Saas in 2020, and the market will continue to grow faster.
The size of the country’s firm-level saas market will break out by hundreds of billions of yuan, with a combined increase of 39% in 2019-2023. China’s firm-level saas market is projected to have a fragmented overall pattern of 2.4, saas, and foreign investment dominates high-end erp markets.
The market pattern in China’s Saas is relatively fragmented, and the advantage of the industry is expected to expand. At present, the country’s saas manufacturers include, among others, emerging saas manufacturers, traditional software and IT giants, and Internet giants, as well as the extension of the company from traditional enterprises.
Market concentration shows that the global market for saas reached 52% in 2019, according to the data from the statesta. According to the data from the Haibi study, in 2019, in the domestic regulatory class of saas market, domestic factories, commercial alumni and golden butterflies, already hold a share of the head, showing a competitive advantage over overseas leaders, were 38.8%.
There is still room to increase market concentration. In the future, free giants like nails will load more business models, cash flow, and market patterns are expected to change dramatically. We believe that domestic saas manufacturers have already created competitive advantages in part of the market, and that their share of the domestic market will be expected in the future, as domestic manufacturers invest significantly in technology and markets.
Further upscaling, leading advantage or expansion. Figure 26: Competition patterns of saas manufacturers. Figure 27: Market share of China ' s business management class saas in 2019
In the high-end erp market, the city of sap/oracle/ibm together accounts for more than 60% of the country’s production space. In 2020, local innovation projects began to spread in large areas, and it is expected that in the next three to five years, the IT industry will reach a period of golden and gold development, with a further increase in the penetration of domestic producers in the high-end erp market.
In 2018, the market for sap/oracle/ibm in the country’s high-end erp market was more than 60% in total, and there was a wide range of national production replacements. Software manufacturers using friends as long-term service providers are expected to further increase the market share of high-end products through a new generation of cloud-service products.
Business actively promotes cloud transformation, with more smooth income. In the saas model, the software is hosted in the cloud, and offers and charges are based on subscription licences. Traditional software is generally used to sell License + late-carrying service charges, and the saas income is usually paid for year- or month-by-year subscriptions, products are more easily updated and customers are more sticky.
So the cash flow of businesses in the saas model will be more stable and sustainable than in the traditional software model. Domestic manufacturers are actively promoting cloud transformation, with 40%, 57%, and 49% of the revenue from cloud operations at the end of 2020 using a friend network, Golden Fluttershy International, and Phnom Penh offices, respectively, increasing rapidly.
2.5. Rocks of other mountains: Salesforce platform revenue rose to 31%. Salesforce was established in 1999 with an early focus on Crmsaas. In 2004, Salesforce was successfully placed on the market and introduced and improved Paas platform services.
The product matrix, which has gradually become the leading manufacturer in the area of crm, is now entering a new phase of industrial ecological construction and overseas layout, with a continuous increase in the scale of operations and market value.
Salesforce earns 94% of subscriptions, while the client rate is higher than 90%. Salesforce services are dominated by public clouds, subscription patterns, with company subscriptions amounting to $19,976 million in 2020, or 94% of the total.
Keeping high R & D inputs in place for a long time, closing technical barriers. In 2021, corporate R & D spending amounted to $3.6 billion, or 16.9 per cent of total revenues. In addition, customer renewals under the subscription model became one of the key points in the firm ' s winnings.
The Salessesforce platform has a significant advantage. The salessesforce platform has a well-established cycling of platform applications with multiple features: (1) rich saas applications to meet client diversification needs, especially for large enterprises, because it is large.
Businesses require more than just a single application, and large enterprises require a set of solutions to meet business needs; (2) all applications are based on a single Paas platform, a single portal, a single interactive and cloud-based application, and provide one-stop service to clients; (3) developers/isv are both a Saas application provider and a Salesforce
Platform promoters; (4) scalable replication, with marginal costs approaching zero. Salesforce platform revenue accounts for 31% of cloud service income.
The multiplicity of customization needs of various target users has brought the marginal cost of the product closer to zero over time. The value and strength of the platform, based on its growing abundance, are also becoming more evident. In 2019-2021, the Salesforce platform increased its revenue far beyond other product lines, reaching $6.275 billion in 2021, representing the share of cloud service revenue.
31.41 per cent, with an increase of 40.29 per cent in income over the year.3 yombep ' s new technological architecture, improved product matrix 3.1, large enterprises: the yombep strategy is clear and the city ' s share is expected to rise
In August 2020, the company officially launched a new generation of business innovation platforms, yombip, yonbip, a co-founder platform for positioning smart business applications infrastructure and business service industries, and the number of enabling enterprises.
Innovative business innovation, including product and business innovation, organizational and management change, drives social business progress. yombip uses the concept of synergizing services and eco-development as its core, with the goal of serving more than 10 million business clients, bringing together ecological partners that serve more than 100,000 businesses, and connecting communities with more than 100 million people to harvest hundreds of millions of dollars.
yombip combines advanced and high-availability technology platforms and public and key business applications and services to sustain and run client business innovations (business innovation, management innovation), with eight main features: digitization, intelligence, high resilience, security, socialization, globalization, platforming, eco-economy, and the intellectual transformation of full-scale service enterprises:
1) Four platform services: youonbip uses an open platform and architecture, with a technology platform as its base, with a number of centres, smart platforms, business centres, based on unified platforms and public services, to improve the overall efficiency and quality of product development in the field and industry, to become a unified platform for the overall business of friendship and ecological futures, and to support business uniforms
Eco-partners in the industry share a common set of services. 2) Eight main areas of services: yonbip provides customers with industry-wide saas services covering, inter alia, marketing, purchasing, manufacturing, supply chain cloud, financial cloud, financial cloud, human cloud, synergizing cloud.
3) Eight main sectors of services: yombep is a core technology based on the cloud platform, based on the core areas of services, with a focus on finance, energy, tobacco, automobiles, etc., helping businesses in these sectors to digitize and working with ecoisv to innovate to serve more industry clients.
4) Five eco-services: yombip's eco-strategy is to provide a life-cycle Isv service and online operation, building a global co-generation platform for leading business service industries. yombip helps clients succeed in building a co-symbiotic, co-builder and co-symbiotic business innovation ecosystem through platform services and operations.
Figure 40: yoonbip service overview yombip achieves a new generation of technological architectures, consisting mainly of four major technological architectures, such as cloud login (microservice), metrology, centralization and digital separation.
Fast deployment, easy-to-use deployment and needs-based application. 2) Metadata-driven architecture, which can provide flexibility to support the industry, developers such as development partners, and clients to expand and customize models differently. 3) Medium-level architecture, which provides services in a variety of areas, including marketing, procurement, manufacturing, supply chains, finance, finance, manpower, synergies, etc.
Data center service and smart center service in support of several intellectual applications in various fields. 4) Numbers use separate structures to achieve cross-cutting landscape sharing and reuse of data, and support rapid business scenario innovation based on data-driven models. nccloud is based on cloud-based re-engineering to help intellectualise large-scale enterprises. nccloud is for large-scale enterprises.
The launch of the cloudp product, which is based on the iuaap technology platform, has led to the upgrading of the cloud-based architecture and is a long-flow, integrated service community for large enterprises and the most mature solution for large firms to operate and manage within them. nccloud uses a new generation of digital technology deep enough to create an integrated cloud of openness, interconnection, integration, intelligence.
The platform, which focuses on three major business transformational strategic directions: digital management, digitalization, and digital commerce, provides 18 solutions covering digital marketing, smart manufacturing, financial sharing, human sharing and synergy, smart purchasing, digital neutralization, etc., to help large firms to fully digitize.
Figure 42: Use of friendly network ncccloud service architecture nccloud to support both public and mixed cloud deployment, digital marketing and new retailing with yonbip, digital manufacturing and smart manufacturing, digital purchasing and supply chain synergies, smart taxation and electronic invoicing, performance and people
It helps companies to build social and business-oriented work platforms, manage platforms, operate platforms and business platforms that connect global, global, web-wide, and global resources.
The large business management class saas has more than 35 billion market space and users are expected to speed up penetration. We define income as large enterprises with more than 10 billion yuan in size, and the number of large Chinese enterprises is expected to be 1,000+, with large enterprises on average.
The size of the collection is 100 billion yuan, assuming that the average cost of a company's saas subscription services is 0.01-0.05 per cent of the size of the collection, with a penetration rate of 10-70 per cent. A sensitivity analysis shows that we have 35 billion dollars in the market space for a large company's market management, such as saas.
3.2, medium-sized enterprises: yonsuite upgrade platform services, full public access to cloud cover. In 2019, companies pioneered the launch of cloud-based, integrated, intelligent cloud-service packages based on cloud-based architecture, integration, etc.
It also provides a public cloud deployment, subscription model that provides a “marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, taxation, manpower, office, platform” for growth-oriented enterprises to integrate and provide integrated online transactions, online operations, online management, online coordinated digital platforms to support the globalization of business and socialization of business.
yonsuite builds comprehensive ecological capabilities based on the development, opening and operation of a friend iuap cloud platform.
The same set of publicly owned cloud services generates transactions. On yonsuite, the enterprise’s finance, procurement, marketing, and teamwork applications are used as separate microservices, each of which is relatively independent in terms of deployment, upgrading, and iterative, and the enterprise’s ability to shape innovation in sustainable, agile delivery is significantly enhanced.
In 2021, the company yonsuite upgraded its strategy from a product service model to an integrated platform service model based on the “saas+paas+ ecology” and proposed an innovative code deciphering growth-oriented enterprises — “532”
Principles. In response to the general needs of growing enterprises, yonsuite provides standardized saas services that help to create 50% of business innovation and easy access to `Managing Business All Online'. In response to the unique needs of specific industries, specific scenarios, based on mature and vast ecosystems, yonsuite can be fully integrated with the depth of Isv.
30% of the enterprise’s extension needs. In response to the enterprise’s individualization needs, based on yonsuite paas, through the low-code development platform yonbuilder, the enterprise can achieve 20% of its custom development applications on its own and be seamlessly integrated with the user core systems and data platforms. The new model re-emphasizes ecology and better meets growth patterns.
u8clud: Cloudp for medium-sized enterprises, fully integrated. u8clud is a new generation of cloudp, with a major focus on growing, innovative enterprises, offering corporate-level solutions.
To fully support multi-organizational business synergies, marketing innovation, smart finance, manpower services, building industrial chain manufacturing platforms, integrating friendly cloud services, connecting, sharing, synergizing and enabling growing Chinese enterprises to develop and cloud innovation. The business model is to provide customers with standard products and solutions and adopt full distribution.
Sales patterns, income mainly from standard product licensing, product support and transport services, etc.
• Fully support the new supply chain model, full-channel marketing innovation on-line and below-line, the establishment of an Internet procurement direct vehicle, and the construction of industrial chain intelligence.
• Rapidly respond to organizational change, create smart social finance, socialize manpower and services. It innovates • fully supports cloud deployment, safer and more efficient cloud platforms.
The market space for medium-sized enterprises at the level of saas is 45 billion, or it will accelerate the growth of company subscription income. We define the size of the revenue as medium-sized enterprises between 20 million yuan and 10 billion yuan. China ' s medium-sized enterprises are expected to be 500,000 plus, with the median income of between 2 billion yuan and 10 billion yuan plus. Assuming the average income of medium-sized enterprises is 10,000 plus.
Medium-sized enterprises are generally dynamic, efficient, agile, ahead-looking, innovative, more receptive to public clouds, assuming a penetration rate of 30-90%. Sensitivity analysis shows that the market space for subscription services for medium-sized enterprises is 45 billion.
The firm's accumulation in large enterprises, its penetration from large to medium-sized enterprises is more like a shock, production lines such as yonsuite will be rapidly improved, and the market for medium-sized enterprises is expected to open, which will accelerate the growth of corporate subscription revenue. 3.3. Small and micro-enterprises: easy access to navigational cloud services, opening wide market space.
The company’s cloud services for micro-enterprises are provided by the company’s controlling subsidiary, which was established in March 2010 to provide social, personal, service-based, small-quantified business management support for micro-enterprises.
In the future, it will expand from the Saas market to the Baas market for business operations and work to become China’s largest one-stop microbusiness service platform.
Use Yo-Pu, invest in friendly happiness ubsgroupag.
People, people, money, goods, passenger management, finance, sales, customers.
Support, co-location, etc., major cloud service products include good accounting, good business, intelligence +, easy accounting, t+clud (1) good accounting: a professional cloud finance saas application for micro-enterprises to help finance staff manage cash banks, invoices, transactions, tax returns, business analysis whenever and wherever they are available
e.g. efficient, intelligent and financial management of micro-enterprises. (2) Good business: easy handling of goods, inventory, accounting, opening of new lines of sale on the line, unified management, multiple channels on the line, smart business.
(3)t+cloud: A cloud-up version of erp product t+, which provides easy access to the entire chain of business management “human goods and passengers” by managing finance, advances, bulk orders, production management, multi-storey operations, etc. whenever and wherever the pc/phone end is available.
(4) Smart+: central to client operations, online smart marketing, business-as-one smart management (5) Lenders: cloud applications designed for accounting and accounting companies, online bookkeeping, mobile bookkeeping, non-installation, automatic upgrade.
The digitalization of small and medium-sized enterprises requires an upgrading of internal management capabilities, and there is an urgent need to address the overall optimization of enterprise resources, data, decision-making and action.
Current business models are upgraded, leading to external eco-improvement in brands and markets, supply chains, etc. Cloud finance, cloud pops, cloud sales, etc. cloud services for different types of micro-enterprises can solve the financial, business, and internal management problems of micro-enterprises, and intellectual and efficient product characteristics can be effective in optimizing micro-enterprises.
Resources, data, decision-making and action to achieve external synergies and eco-value additions, high revenues from high-speed cloud access, leading micro-business services. Rapid access to increased investment in cloud services, continuous innovation in product applications, taking full advantage of the high-frequency interaction of Saas operations with clients, and deep-seated clients
In 2020, there was $239 million in revenue from the services, an increase of 63.81 per cent compared to the previous year, and the number of new companies paying for services amounted to 60,000, while the cumulative number of users of the services amounted to 217,000, an increase of 35 per cent compared with the previous year.
The number of easy access partners has now increased from almost 1,500 to more than 2,000, and over 80% of traditional access partners have transformed into cloudy clothes.
In the area of global ecology such as cloud services, mobile office platforms, ticketing services, banking, industrial connectivity, smart hardware, rapid access significantly strengthens broad ecological partnerships and eco-systems are building up with gradual success. By the end of 2020, easy access had been issued for 189 applications of various platforms, which are about to be issued.
Leisure leads the Chinese market for small micro-business cloud services. According to a report published in Imran 2020 on the thematic analysis of the Chinese market for small-scale micro-business cloud services, smooth and well-connected accountants are the first to cover the cloud’s financial markets; smooth and easy access to t+clud
The first market coverage in the Yunerp market; the first place in the combined strength of cloud service providers in the transformation of traditional financial software. In combination with cloud sales, the fastest market coverage in the cloud services market is about 16%, the golden butterfly is about 13%, the tide is about 9%, and the concentration of the overall market is expected to increase further in the future.
Sexually, among top producers, there has been a 289% increase in the services of smooth and cloudy, and the growth of cloud services has kept the industry in the forefront, with golden butterflies and cloudy services growing by 87.8%. Small and small enterprises have become faster and have a large market space. We have defined income levels of 1 million yuan and 20 million dollars.
It is estimated that the number of micro-enterprises in China is more than 35 million. Assuming that the average income of micro-enterprises is 5 million yuan, the average cost of saas subscription services is 0.01-0.05 per cent of the size of the collection, with a penetration rate of 10-80 per cent.
There are 70 billion in space. Small microbusinesses have a light business, a simple need for modular functionality, and a relatively convenient price for saas products. It is therefore easier for small microbusinesses to transform from traditional and cloudy software.
4 , yonbip Core Strength 4.1. Products: The matrix is expanding, the platform architecture is advanced, friends provide cloud services including paas, saas, baas, daas, etc., and product systems are improving.
Formerly, companies formed product matrices such as yonbip, nccloud, u8clud, yonsuite, t+clud, which cover large, medium-sized and small-scale enterprises. yonbip used cloud log/micro-service, metadata-driven, centralized, digitally separated technological structures; based on social class calculations, supported socialized commerce, crossed the boundaries of enterprises, and handed over.
Easy, connected, shared and synergized industrial Internet. Companies actively develop financial, human, synergetic, marketing, manufacturing, procurement, financial and other saas services through the construction and operation of the global leading corporate cloud platform, yonbip, and significantly expand the services of the Baas, with innovative business services at their core, and the daas, with data services at their core.
Services to sustain business innovation with operating clients, helping business clients to make a digital transition. iuap Integrating technological advantages supports cloud product development. Using the Friends iuap Clouds platform is a new generation of digital, intelligent, global, social, secure and credible business innovation service platform developed autonomously by friends, with mobile applications.
The new generation of technologies, such as the Internet, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, object networking, block chains, have the key technological advantages of integrating applications in rich areas such as cloud creation, microservices, devops, low/uncode development, social integration, cloud mixing, data intelligence, vpa/rpa, etc., leading to a convergence of applications in technology centres, operations and data.
The center-stage structure that underpins the rapid development of the corporate landscape, industry and platform ecology. Figure 57: Use of the iuap platform as 20% of R & D spending to improve the core competitiveness of products.
In 2020, the company spent 1,673 million yuan on R & D, or 19.63 per cent of the total revenue, and the high R & D input was a strong guarantee for the competitiveness of the company ' s products.
Launch of a targeted programme to raise up to $5.3 billion, which will be used mainly for research and development on the yonbip platform.
Corporate clients are dominated by large and medium-sized enterprises, and marketing networks are well developed. Companies have long held a large share of the domestic market for large and medium-sized enterprises in China. According to the company ' s 2018 Investor Exchange, their clients account for 58% of China ' s 100 billion class enterprises, 56% of China ' s 500 largest enterprises and 56% of China ' s major port enterprises.
70% of China’s top ten liquor companies, 80% of urban water, roads, railings, and 60% of China’s tens of thousands of grade throughput airports. In addition, companies are constantly improving their marketing networks and now have more than 100 branches to provide timely and fast localization services to large and medium-sized enterprises in the country.
The finance, tobacco, telecommunications and electricity, finance, etc. industries already have well-developed marketing networks and service ecological chains. Figure 60: Total number of large group clients with a higher share of associate members in large Chinese enterprises
China's main port enterprise, China's pharmaceutical industry,
China's cities, water, roads, China's top ten traditional home brands, China's large- and medium-sized gas transport.
China's top ten liquor companies, China's 44 agro-forestry and livestock orbital transport companies.
Medium and large clients, government and public organizations accounted for 93 per cent of clients, MSMEs for 7 per cent, MSMEs for 7 per cent, and large and medium-sized factors influenced by greater user stickyness and higher renewal rates for large and medium-sized clients.
Ecology: There has been a steady increase in the number of partners, strategic advances 8,000+ eco-partners and 11,000+ eco-applications. In 2019, a new eco-strategy “integration” was officially launched with friends, proposing the construction and operation of a global leading business and innovation platform, serving millions of clients, bringing together 10
By the end of 2020, the company had developed 8,000+ecological partners, 11,000+ biological applications, 2000+ channel partners, Isv certified partners by 30+, iuap technical platform partners by 110+, banks by 40+, and professional service partners by 70+. In 2021, the company proposed five major ecological development plans.
The two billion eco-investment development fund has been set up to accelerate the development of eco-systems using the Yoonbip platform.
Government ecological partners, corporate ecological partners, organizing ecological partners and individual ecological partners, inter alia, through co-creation, integration and integration into three models of cooperation, improve the ecological system, extend the boundaries of the industry from the corporate level to the social level, and promote the incubation and marketing of the good results of ecological partners.
On the Yoonbip platform, if eco-partners can develop their own industry-based experiences into industry applications, promote industry and empower industry as a whole, they will provide a very large room for imagination.
In the area of technological innovation, product research and development, and ecological cooperation, friends continue to support the development of the country's IT-innovation industry, joining the Working Committee on Innovation in Information Technology Applications, the China Electronic Chamber of Commerce, the Autonomous Innovation and Security Technology Committee, the National Task Force on Standards for Information Technology Services, and others.
The whole series is adapted to the Chinese system of tiles and the Chinese electronic pks system, and a strategic partnership has been established with China ' s electronics, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, East, Dharma, Shinzhou, Manda-kun, Unity, Blue Xin, etc. to include servers, chips, storage, intermediates, operating systems, and so on.
According to the library, corporate cloud service, the top-level application of the letter-based all over the place, office and application wps office in KIMshan.
Nccloud supports 100% of all national production applications and has excellent security protection capabilities.
It is stored in China. 2) It detects cyberattacks by cloud-serving customers and records attacks of type, time, traffic, etc. 3) it separates between virtual networks of cloud-service customers; it has the capacity to provide security mechanisms such as communication transmission, border protection, invasion preparedness, etc., according to the operational needs of cloud-service customers.
Figure 66: nccloud overall support for national production applications 5 - Financial data: good performance, improved profitability 8.5 billion yuan in 2020, a slight increase of 0.18 per cent. In 2019, companies stopped selling large erps.
The growth rate in 2020 was further down to 0.18 per cent, mainly due to a decline in revenues from software-type products and financial services. In 2020, the net profit on corporate returns reached $989 million, with increased R & D inputs, the same new parts of software products and the migration of some software users to cloud services. Financial and other services accounted for the share.
In 2020, the decline was mainly due to the company ' s beginning to focus on the business ' s main services business, displacing part of the financial business, and a significant reduction in the cost rate, with net interest rates higher than historical averages. In 2020, the company sold 61.05 per cent of its Māori, with excellent cash flow and good receivables management. In 2020, the company achieved cash flow for its operations.
In addition, in 2020, receivables amounted to $1,042 million, receivables a turnover rate of 7.49 per cent, and cash flows continued to improve, reflecting the company ' s management capacity and industry.
The upgrading of the chain has also benefited from the impact of the business transformation of the company. Net cash flows from the use of a friend network operations are shown in figure 74: accounts receivable and turnover rates from a friend network
Corporate platforming strategic objectives are clear, maintaining cloud priorities, subscription priorities, some of the original software products are out of order, and some of the financial business is out of focus at the same time. We assume that the company’s business ends up being essentially completely cloudy, with subscription revenue as the basis for valuations of the company’s cloud business only.
Business-level service saas enterprises generally use strong products and strong R & D strategies in the upfront period in order to capture the market quickly, resulting in higher cost inputs and lower net profit losses or increases. Therefore, we use the ps valuation method, which is twice the reference, assuming a 20 per cent net rate of interest on the steady state, corresponding to 43.15 times that of the salesforce, which collects cagr during this period.
For 26%, the peg is 1.66, which we use as a reasonable peg value. Assuming that a friend network has not earned 70% of the cloud business income in the next five years, the corresponding figure is 116.2, and assuming a friend network solidity net gain for 2012-2021.
Net profit and net interest rate on Salesforce 2012-2021 6.2. Investment proposal: cloud transition progresses well, moving up to a “highly recommended” rating. Company is a leading service provider at the enterprise level in our country, cloud transition is moving fast, and strategy 3.0 is moving towards platform service.
In addition, during the period of the Tenth Five-Five, the country’s “digital intelligence” has developed or will accelerate, and the demand of downstream customers is expected to be kept open. It is expected to double, moving up to a “highly recommended” rating.
1. Market competition. More manufacturers (including large Internet companies) have access to the enterprise Internet (tob) market, and competition in the business services industry has intensified. 2 yoonbip has not advanced as expected.
If a company misjudges its demand projections and fails to perform as expected, it will result in a waste of corporate resources3 and a macroeconomic impact on downstream demand.3 Corporate customers are predominantly business-driven, and if macroeconomic downsides, firms are difficult to make a profit, weakening their demand for upgrading and updating management software.
1 Māori rate, ebit rate, net interest rate 2, net profit and its annual growth rate