Researchchand developmentcenter uses Friends Network: A New Era of Business Services, a national leader
The strong have always been strong – reporting in depth from the friendly network (600588.sh) ..the new age of corporate service, the country's most powerful.
The cloud transition has been smooth, with the cloud income share close to 50%. Twenty years of corporate cloud business has generated revenue of $3.423 billion, contract amounts and the number of paid clients have grown rapidly, and the rate of renewal for large and medium-sized clients has been as high as 98.96%, indicating that corporate cloud business has continued to deepen and become more sticky to client services, and looks forward to future corporate cloud business.
At the same time, while traditional cloud/software products meet the internal management needs of the enterprise, the company’s business will be able to develop a new phase of business services that will increase its client sustainability. Globally, corporate patterns have been upgraded from the group’s business style to the product platform.
Industry needs to use technology such as the cloud's intelligence chain to create new business models. The company's yombep platform is to centralize technology, operations, and data to support the rapid landing of intelligent applications, while it is becoming more mature to connect industry service providers, firms at all levels, and once customers enter the company.
Ecosystems, which will be connected to the entire industrial chain, not only improve internal management efficiency, but also identify business opportunities and scale up operations. We believe that, with yombip’s size on the ground, the process of transformation of corporate clouds is expected to accelerate and build an ecosystem of domestic enterprise information services that companies can either lead or continue.
As a result of the wave of national production, companies are driving the growth of national production. Companies are using digital transformation and industrial innovation as entry points for successful contracting, including China’s Nuclear Industries Group, China’s Construction, China’s Ships, etc.
The number and amount of orders over the tens of millions have increased by 117% and 121%, respectively. We believe that the continued growth of industry trust will benefit companies erp and yonbip in their clients, and that future orders over the tens of millions of large orders are expected to continue to land, improve product capacity, and a virtuous cycle will continue to benefit from software nationalization.
At a time when large companies have the capacity to integrate their industries, the demonstration effect will help companies to expand continuously into the industrial system of their mega-customers, with potential market space and efficiency gains expected to increase significantly after the success of the company ' s yonbip commercial innovation product with its target customers.
The company is a leading manufacturer of domestic business information services, with a brand-new product system of the yombep Business Innovation Platform. The firm’s trend towards cloudization, intelligence, and national production is expected to be strong and fast-growing.
Construction is blocked. 3, national production is not replaced as expected. 4 4, macroeconomic downsides have led to lower downstream customer's int expenses.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing: The cloud transition: the company has a high demand for customization and a low level of product standardization because it is a major customer. At the same time, large-scale business clients, especially China/China, have a higher demand for data security and buy cloud service solutions.
The adoption of the private cloud model is a two-fold reason why corporate cloud transformation lags behind that of a friend. We believe that the years of experience with services for large clients have been a more sophisticated system of corporate products that can provide diversified services to clients, and that short-term cloudization progress has been more resistant. Combining cloud customers are sticky: markets generally have doubts about the business model of mixed cloud services provided by companies to large customers, which they consider to be a good way of doing business.
And we believe that the company ' s yonbip platform will centralize technology, operations, and data to support the rapid landing of intelligent applications, while the ecology is maturing to connect industry service providers, firms at all levels, and customers will be connected to the entire industrial chain once they enter the company ' s ecological system.
As the number of firms increases, the eco-system can become more sticky with its customers and gradually transforms to a public cloud model, creating a positive feedback loop. The feasibility of an alternative to a national product: the market remains sceptical about whether a company can replace a sap/oracle in a large market.
Despite strong national policy support, technology gaps are considered difficult to fill, substitute for, or only exist in, non-core peripheral systems. We believe that emerging technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., have brought about changes in business services, that the trend of erp “deepness” has led to the erosion of technological barriers to process design and simultaneous data processing by international manufacturers, and that the feasibility of national production alternatives in the field of high-end software is raised
At the same time, the company ' s industry-level, intelligent services bring services that are unreachable of erp products that are focused on internal management to large farmers, helping them to go up and down, connect data, and open up new profit models. The ex-nationalization case of the company is now on the ground in a number of industries, multi-systems, and looks forward to further deepening in the future.
The company was set up in 1988 and focused on financial software systems until 2000.
Since 2000, companies have continued to publish u8, nc, etc., erp products, which have gradually been transformed from a single financial software manufacturer into an integrated software manufacturer covering the entire business information service landscape. In 2012, companies first released their friend company cloud platform (paas), which provides a solution of `cloud+'.
Clouds coexist with traditional software. In 2017, with u8cloud and nccloud coming out, companies became firm-level saas service providers, and in 2019-2020, yonsuite and yonbip were announced as companies moving even further towards the age of digitization and intelligence.
Figure 1: Corporate development journeys and business earnings/speeds over the years
Connect 2013: release of cloud+endu8+ release of crm products, entry into crm market
2017: Release of cloud products u8clud 2002: Purchase of copyrights for the hr system software, access to the hhm market
Release t+ 2004: Supply chain management, office synergies, etc. are integrated into nc and u8 product systems 2018: nccloud officially released
2005: launch of products for micro, small and micro enterprises such as friendship, commerce, etc. 2019: nc products out of sale 2008: M & A plm software enterprise, access to product management markets
Release of yonsuite 2009: series of integrated products t for micro-enterprises 2020: release of yombip
(2010: A fully modulated product system has been perfected and upgraded by the establishment of a subsidiary focused on micro-business operations. After more than 30 years of accumulation, corporate software products have fully covered the management needs of enterprises in finance, manpower, office, marketing, procurement, production, etc.
On an applied basis, smooth and fast deployment, multi-end fit and connectivity were achieved, and the ability to help enterprises upgrade in a number of intellectual transformations was real in the era of “cloud transfer” technology. yombip Business Innovation Platforms: Centralization, Productization, Ecology.
The launch of Pyonbip with a friendly business innovation platform marked the second phase of the implementation of the friendly 3.0 strategy, with cloud services moving from product service mode to platform service mode. We believe that yonbip has been upgraded by three points: 1. Centralization, the company modularizes the technology accumulated over many years of research and development, data its business experience, meager services, and has made new applications more flexible.
Productization, based on the build-up of business in the software age, creates an area of cloud products, which are linked to one another, with a breakdown of the business management landscape. For small, medium-sized and micro-enterprises, the cloud is integrated into the output of integrated products, for large-scale business customers, and can be supported by medium- and field-based clouds, depending on the characteristics of the industry and the needs of the customer.
3. Ecology, which now includes accounting homes, developers’ communities, api interfaces, cloud markets, four modules, business exchanges, technology opening sources, data sharing, product trading, and leading the industry to work together to win.
Youonbip is expected to accelerate the process of public cloud transformation. Currently, based on long-term business sedimentation, yombip has developed standardized products in 11 areas, including finance, manpower, office synergies, supply chains, covering business operations, internal management, business development, etc.
yonsuite of long-form enterprises. Meanwhile, the luap cloud platform has been phased in to enable customization to be developed and quickly settled. We believe that, with yombip on a larger scale, the process of corporate cloud transformation is expected to accelerate and set up an ecosystem of domestic enterprise information services, with companies either acting as leaders or continuously increasing their market share and upgrading their customers.
Figure 3: Corporate yonbip product systems Previous generation of enterprise information systems New generation of business innovation platforms
Ideas, business innovation transformation upgrades, data drivers.
Socialization synergizing (commercial) industry Internet platform Performance: The continued high growth of cloud revenues has improved significantly. The company’s performance has declined significantly in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the impact of the epidemic, and traditional software business is building and working on projects.
Delivery has been significantly negatively affected by delays in procurement by clients of large and medium-sized enterprises, with some small and medium-sized enterprises having reduced their software acquisition plans due to business efficiency slippages. On the other hand, the implementation of new accounting standards has prevented business such as corporate software development from recognizing revenue at the end of time and has exacerbated the negative impact of delays in project delivery on perceived performance.
The revenue from cloud services continued to rise, with the rate of renewal for large and medium-sized clients approaching 100%. In 2020, the company’s current income from cloud services was $3.422 billion, an increase of 73.7 per cent over the same period, and its share of the income from cloud-plus software rose from 27.5 per cent to 45.8 per cent, and the same amount as $10.9 million, an increase of 83.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with the company’s revenue from cloud services rising by $2,042 million in the fourth quarter.
A breakdown of the 71.9 per cent increase in the same year shows that MSMEs earned $241 million, a 65.2 per cent increase in the same year and a rate of renewal of 71.68 per cent. MSMEs earned 3,181 million yuan, a 74.4 per cent increase in the same year, and a rate of renewal of 98.96 per cent (of which, the Government and other public organizations, RMB 456 million, a significant increase of 127.2 per cent in the same year; and the remaining large b-continents generated 2,726 million yuan, an increase of the same amount).
67.9%. As of December 20, the cumulative number of paid clients in corporate cloud services was 60.16 million, an increase of 17.5% over the same period of 19 years. We believe that the company’s cloud transformation is well under way, with revenues, contract amounts, and clients paying fees growing rapidly, with a rate of 98.96% renewal for large and medium-sized customers, indicating that the company’s cloud business continues to deepen its client services, and is sticky.
The company’s Māori rate fell by 4.4 pct in 2020, mainly as a result of the company’s phasing out of its financing operations. At the same time, the proportion of customized technical services has increased, and the company is on the move.
During the critical period, large-scale business customers become familiar with new technologies and models in the process of upgrading to the cloud at some point, and the company's “test” pricing for new products is either low in the short term, but the company's Māori ratio is expected to rise in the future as new products become more widely available. On the cost side, companies insist on offering high-value products at the core, selling them.
The company’s R & D costs as a share of revenue have remained at about 17-20% over the years, and has continued to deepen product optimization. In September 2020, the company issued a non-public a-share targeted fund-raising announcement to raise funds close to the site.
$4.6 billion (of which $3.35 billion represents the cost of technology development) builds a new generation of digital, intelligent technology-based business innovation platform yombip. yonbip effectively integrates advanced and highly usable yombip cloud platforms and yonbip domains with public and key applications and services.
We believe that a new generation of cloud-producing companies with technology and experience is growing, and that the formal opening of their products is expected to accelerate the process of corporate cloud transformation and increase the scale of their operations.
On 04/01/2021, the company announced its board of directors' decision, which states:
Mr. Wang Wen King, Chairman of the Board, was appointed President of the Corporation for a two-year term ending in 2022, i.e., the Shareholders Assembly. In 2020, with the impact of the new crown, the global economic situation changed dramatically.
Smart opportunities. We believe that President Wang Wenking, as founder of his friends, has chosen this time node to act as CEO of the company, a key strategic decision for companies to take advantage of market opportunities, increase the allocation of core business priority resources, and firmly push forward the cloud transformation, which is expected to accelerate further in the next two years of his tenure.
In 19 years, companies began to evaluate only the cloud and software business revenues of the company’s core, first introduced cloud revenue and net profit targets, and strategic planning became clear.
Clarity. We believe that the firmness of the company’s development strategy for cloud transformation, with the large scale of this buyback, is conducive to further confidence in internal cloud transformation. At the same time, in view of the change in targets over the years, and the company’s 20-year release of a new generation of public yonbip products, future employee incentives will be expected to add to the public subscription cloud income index, and the quality of corporate cloud revenues or the future.
Businesses are becoming more intelligent and interconnected, companies are entering a new level of business from the inside to the outside, and business information services are moving beyond the boundaries of our country's industry towards an “industrial platform.” Businesses have evolved from home-based work over the years.
It's already a grouped investment model that will evolve in the future into industrial platforms. “Industrial platforms” are based on internal corporate management, home-grown operations, and a global focus on the overall resources of the production, supply, distribution, and research chains. Over the years, large multinational enterprises in Europe and America and Japan have been carefully designed at the top, with intense market competition and capital movements.
We are now in the early stages of industrial networking, but in the information age, with the help of new and emerging technological forces, such as the Internet, we can directly connect consumers, connect industries up and down, face global markets, and operate 24x7 with the advanced nature of natural industrial networking. We believe that the evolution of our business is already in its fifth phase.
Information technology service providers will play a key role in this process by helping Chinese enterprises to achieve a turn-over.
After the introduction of compatriots and even after 2006, businesses began to move out of the area as a result of business growth and productivity pressures.
It's a national and even global arrangement. At the same time, a second growth curve is sought through investment M&As and diversified investment operations.
Homework industry: In the United States, investment mergers and acquisitions were subject to antimonopoly legislation in the 1960s.
In the context of family ties, American enterprises began rethinking the Industrial Value Chain Set-up Act.
It's a world-wide production, supply, marketing, and research resource system. Enterprises have limited human resources to build modern stock systems.
Reprogramming. American firms are concentrated in industry.