Agricultural, forestry and fishing shares (002714), showing up to help increase performance and take advantage of the cost through the cycle, southwest securities research and development centre.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of 56.28 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 17.8 per cent, net return of 27.45 billion yuan, an increase of 349 per cent over the same period. The main reasons for the high growth in performance were the tight supply of pigs during the reporting period, the high sales prices and the gradual release of the company's previous build-up capacity.
In the first quarter of 2021, business income increased by 149.7% on a year-on-year basis, with a net profit of 6.96 billion yuan and 68.5% on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to an increase in sales volume.
A new performance growth point. The self-sufficiency model can be rapidly expanded when heavy assets are put into construction, without the need to outsource orders, avoiding the expansion of ceilings resulting from the number of high-quality farmers or professional fertilizer farms, including scientific research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig breeding, birthing, etc.
In addition to this, the company will respond to the government’s call to adapt to the trend from “pigs” to “meat” to “meat”
By 2020, the company was able to produce 2 million saplings, supply 239,000 scavengers, and the future slaughter media will be better developed. • In the process of scalding farming, the company expanded as a leader, with a two-wheeled breeder.
Models that help them to adjust their production capacity quickly and respond to changes in the raw pig market and gain a priori advantage. Compared to the traditional triads, the bipolars give up some of the bastard's advantages, but the flexibility of their mother-to-peer roles ensures that there are enough mother-to-child numbers.
Against this background, the company has taken stock of the gap in supply and demand in the market, and has made more bastard pigs fatten as back-up mothers and pigs to prepare for the expansion of production capacity. From late 2018 to the end of 2019, the price of pig production rose by 144.6%, and the Ministry ' s productive biological assets grew by 162.5% at the same time, with a trend closer to the market, using tradition in the market.
When the triple-breeding pig industry uses its mature technological advantage, the company takes the lead in taking the market share. The price of the pig is in general rewinding, with an average price of $23.2 per kilogram per pig in March 2021, falling from its overall height in 2020, and the company will adjust flexibly.
In the context of non-pest control, companies have a clear cost advantage that helps them to survive the downside of the pig price. Pastoral benefits are built around two main cost components: feed production, reduced intermediate transaction costs, and use of the power distribution, with the main share of affiliates.
In the main food-producing areas of the north-east, north-west China and north-west China, the company has taken advantage of the procurement channels to reduce transport and thereby further control the cost of feed. In the area of personnel management, the company has developed a clear standardized system for the remuneration of workers.
Linked to production in the field, farm farming costs are lower than other enterprises in the industry, and the advantages will continue to expand in the future. No direct or indirect compensation for the expansion of capacity (2021-02-05) will not be obtained, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.