The annual report and the review of the first quarter: growth without fear of the cycle.
Events: Companies publish annual reports for 2020 and for the first quarter of 2021. In 2020, the first quarter of 2021, the harvest was 20,152 million yuan, an increase of 149.72 per cent; the net profit for mothers was 6,963 million yuan, an increase of 68.54 per cent; the net profit for non-retroactive mothers was 6,952 million yuan, the same amount.
76.67 per cent increase over the same period; of this, 11,524 million were sales of commodities (including 7.72 million co-sales of raw pigs to wholly-owned subsidiaries in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 201 per cent over the same period); of this, sales of total stock/flow of commodities (million shares)
There are 61.18 million pigs, 148.1 million pigs, and 120,000 pigs growing. The increase in the number of names contributed to a significant increase in total market value/flow (million yuan), but the increase in income in the first quarter was lower than the increase in the sale of piglets, mainly because of the pig week.
The maximum/minimum period of 12 months is at the top, as a result of the backscaling of pig prices. The capacity expands, laying the foundation for a high increase over the next two years. The company does not fear the cycle, and continues to push.
In the end of 20 years and the end of the first quarter of 21 years, the fixed assets showed good performance, with a steady year-round exit plan of about 30 billion yuan, 14 billion yuan in the first quarter, with the remaining 16 billion to be spent in the rest.
High-growth, high-performance industry leaders - 2020/02/27 The average annual growth rate of pig production will be more than 50%.
2. The low-cost advantage is evident in the fact that a higher level of intelligence will increase the range of cost-leading moats. In 2020, the Māori rate for pig farming was 62.09 per cent, an increase of 25.04 Qualification Codes from the previous year:
The level has always been higher than that of other listed companies, thanks mainly to their self-sustaining integrated production model and its advantages in cost control. In 2020, it was estimated that the total cost of pig farming was 15.44 yuan per kilogram, which is significantly below the industry average.
The company continues to invest in the development of smart technology applications, and the intelligent technology team is growing, developing smart systems such as precision feeding systems, precision ventilation systems, smart loop control systems, and smart inspection systems (intelligent pig-raising specialists). In the development of smart machines, the company is developing them.
Pastoral assessment: No fear of cycles, high-speed growth, more than 40 items, some equipment such as smart inspection machines, environmental controllers, smart feeding, scavenging robots, disinfectant fog machines, smart environmental equipment, etc. are already in the process of being used on a large scale.
In terms of information-building, the company has developed a digitally intelligent pig-breeding system through the application of technology such as image recognition, voice processing, lorawan, network sensors, etc., which enables the whole industry to collect chain data.
Efficient production also reduces human and animal exposure and improves the health management of pigs. We believe that the cost-side advantage will become more pronounced as the level of intelligence rises.
A new outbreak of non-pest disease, corporate intelligence has not increased as much as expected
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report