q1 outruns market expectations, maintaining 40 million forecasts throughout the year (002714.sz)
• q1 exits beyond market expectations, maintaining a forecast of 40 million shares for the year as a whole
All of them, 120,000 pigs; 28,46,000 to the end of q1. It is expected that the impact of the epidemic will slow down to a certain extent to disturb release, but the disease will still perform better than the industry.
They measured a significant increase in the entire life cycle of pigs, with a month-to-month increase in January-February, reflecting a lack of excellence in the level of new staff and in the performance of new pighouses, with 96,000 employees at the end of 2020q3, an increase of nearly 46,000 compared to the beginning of the year, with an annual capacity of about 55-60 million, of which less than one year of experience in the company accounted for Pita.
More than 48%, with less than two years of experience accounting for more than 69% of the workforce, there is still room for improvement in the finer management of companies under high-speed expansion. The impact of the epidemic in March has gradually diminished, reflected in the downside of the death rate, while the commodity pig has been re-established and the average sales price has been reduced to 3 yuan/kg. It is worth noting that in the face of the epidemic, the price has been reduced to 3 yuan/kg.
In the event of disturbance, the company still performed better than the industry. 2021q2 shows that, as the epidemic stabilizes, the q2 death rate is expected to go down, while low-weight pigs are sold, and the profit is reduced by a return to the column and a reduction in the price gap. We measure that the company's portfolio passed 40 in June 2020.
By all accounts, it is expected that the merchandise pigs will be able to reach 6.5 million head count and 8.1 million head count; 2021 whole, Corporate Insight Report - Farming in Smart Farming: The current stock of capable pigs that can contribute to 2021 is visible, with major variables.
The death rate is expected to decline as new workers improve their level of operation and the performance of pighouses, and at the same time produce fertility.
Corporate Information Updates - Cost-Declining Paths can be relaxed to keep out-of-country pigs below their mark, maintaining 40 million year-round exit forecasts. Continuous validation, expected to increase over the next three years.
Corporate Information Update - Sustained Costs of Farming