We've seen a growth in the fleet's capacity to produce, and we've seen a number of factors, such as China's nuclear power (601985.sh) overhaul and repair, that have delayed performance.
The net profit is 2,598 million yuan, an increase of 0.74 per cent in the same year; the net profit is 2,608 million yuan, an increase in the volume of power generated by the increased fleet of machines. At present, the company's nuclear power plant, Zhao Tenghui, is in commercial operation.
A total of 21 units with a total holding capacity of 1.909.2 million kilowatts, or 40.64 per cent of the country ' s total, led by the company ' s three aircraft fleets of 1, 3 and 4 in Tian Wan in 2018, the disruption of income, etc., and the profit-end increase lower than the income-end.
The main reasons for the increase in the net profit of the mother were: (1) three units 2 were put into commercial operation in November 2018, but three units 2 were minorly repaired due to equipment deficiencies in the first half of 2019 and no revenue was generated, while depreciation, administrative costs, financial costs, etc. related to unit 2 were still to be taken into account
Losses and losses. With regard to the three units 2 minor repairs, it was the company's safe and reasonable shutdown of the equipment following the discovery of the equipment failure, which was carried out on the basis of the principle of “conservative decision-making”, and the malfunctioning equipment was dismantled; (2) 2,019h1 completed the marketing of 2,170 million kilowatts of electricity, which accounted for approximately the company's total nuclear power on the Internet.
Up to Peak, the average equipment utilization rate of the company ' s four units at Fuchin Nuclear Power Station was 73.91 per cent, a decrease of 10.84 pct compared to the previous year; (4) value-added tax (VAT) refunds were made for part of the fleet of company 2019h1, value-added tax (VAT) was returned to the same level, nuclear power was restarted and new projects continued to break and debt-transfer support projects were accelerated.
Unit 1 and 2 in Chenzhou was approved, the contract for the contracting of units 7 and 8 in Tian Wan was formally signed, the contract for the technical design of units 3 and 4 in Xu Da Fort was formally signed, and the work on units 5 and 6 in Fuku Qing and 5 and 6 in Tanaka was carried out earlier than expected. In the meantime, in 2019, the company successfully issued a transferable debt to finance the project.
At the present time, the company is building four units, with 23.9 per cent in construction/commercial transport, and we believe that the reboot and reboot industry is on the bright side, with the company growing with installed machines and the reverse cycle.
1. The new energy industry’s nuclear power depth is “recommended” by the company.
2. The new energy industry [Galactic Power Week] _ Nuclear Deep 1) risks of an over-expected drop in demand; 2) risks of nuclear power re-launching less than expected; 3) one of the studies _ Technology _ Technological Renewal, Security
The project does not advance as much as expected: 4) the risk of a higher than expected decline in the price of electricity on the Internet.