Chinese certificate, pharmaceutical biochemistry, huayuansecurities.
Non-financial first coverage report Collon Pharmaceuticals (002422.sz) Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
• The traditional pharma transformation, accelerating progress towards internationalization, is about to materialize, with many years of R & D investment leading global pharmaceutical enterprise development. Companies are more successful representative of the transition from imitation to innovation at home. Over the decade 2014-2023, the cumulative R & D investment of companies amounted to nearly $11.9 billion, and up to now, the public, the public sector, and the private sector.
The Division has grown into domestic and even global headlines in areas such as large infusions, raw materials, and innovative medicines, especially in the field of innovative medicines, which are on the eve of the commercialization of the global market and will have much more room for imagination in the future; the raw material plate, which has been laid in the field of synthetic biology earlier, is gradually entering the realization period; and the large infusion is a better pattern of competition as a traditional base plate and is expected to remain relatively robust in the future.
With a global leading research and development platform, the overseas market has great potential. Colombote is the global leading research and development platform, endorsed by an overseas pharmaceutical giant, with three bd deals with Mercerton in 2022, amounting to over $11.8 billion. The core product, skb264, was approved in November 2024 on the second line and above on the domestic front, tnbc.
The Nda of 3legfrmtnsclc was admitted in October and August, respectively. 1 lnsclc (pd-l1tps1%), 1 lnslclc (pd-l1 negative), 1 legfrmutnsclc (Union Uschtoni) is in three stages. 1 tnbc and 2l+hr+/her2-bc are in three stages.
Mercerton has started 12 iii studies, and K Pharmacy +skb264's strong combination is expected to continue the life cycle of Mossatonk, which was approved in December of the year, a140.
The large infusion pattern is good, and short-term fluctuations do not affect the long-term upward trend in the industry in the context of ageing. After many years of full competition in the big infusion industry, the domestic pattern has stabilized, and we estimate that five leading firms will sell about 80% in 2023.
They consider that the future pattern of the large infusion industry is stable; on the supply and demand side, “restrictive orders”, outpatient infusion restrictions and epidemics have been observed in recent years, and that while there has been a disturbance of short-term supply and demand in the industry, in the long term, the large infusion is used as a base drug, and that in China, about half of the country's provinces are expected to complete the collection and association of basic infusion price bands, which will continue with follow-up collections and price linkages.
Some of the future products may have a slight impact, but companies are expected to maintain a relatively robust profit-side trend in large infusion plates by compressing intermediate costs, reducing production costs, and regulating product structures. Antibiotic intermediates are well structured, supply and demand are expected to remain relatively stable in the short term, and synthetic biology opens up long-term imagination.
The effects of rising costs and restructuring of the country’s industry have, since 2019, led to a gradual phase-out of the country’s antibiotic intermediates and a more stable industry pattern. At the same time, the company’s advantages in terms of production, human costs, etc., are more pronounced in the Ipshare, where the Totochonin creature is located.
In terms of synthetic biology, the Chuanning Institute of Biology in Shanghai has been structured around high-end cosmetics, health-care raw materials, high-additional natural products, bio-based materials, etc., and has completed the selection - R & D - large production commercialization system.
The first synthetic biology enterprise to achieve product delivery in the country has entered the production, marketing and sale stages of many products, such as red nodol, 5-hydroxyamino acid, wheat node, and Iqdoin, and will have much more imagination in the future. As comparable companies, Cisco and Heinrich have a lower valuation level than comparable companies, and the company’s large infusion and raw material plates.
It's a better pattern, and the innovation medicine is about to enter the commercialization delivery period, and it covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been given. Litai, Hesco, and Heinrich, as comparable companies, value levels are lower than comparable companies, and cover for the first time the big infusion plate: affected by the purchase of basic infusion belts, and the final price adjustment for part of the company's infusion product.
3) Medical research and development: the main revenue is generated by Mersardon milestone payments and future initiatives such as skb264 and a166. Companies have been more successful in transforming their countries from imitation to innovation. Over the decade 2014-2023, the cumulative R & D investment of companies has amounted to nearly $11.9 billion and, to date, companies have been involved in large infusions, raw materials, innovations, etc.
The field has grown into domestic and even global headlines, especially in the area of innovation medicine, which has entered into the commercialization of the global market, and which has become more imaginative in the near future; the risk of increased competition in the field of synthetic biology with the early deployment of the raw material tablet; the risk of fluctuations in the price of raw materials medicines; and the lack of progress in the marketing of innovative medicines and in research and development.
The Cullen Pharmacy industry was established in 1996 and placed on the market in 2010, and has now formed a platform for the operation of the “goods” architecture consisting of the Cullen Medicines (the Great Transfusion), the Trunchin Biologicals (the Raw Materials Medicine) and the Cullombote (the Innovative Medicines), in the area of infusion.
In terms of raw materials, the Trunchin creature ploughs a unique regional resource advantage through many years of research and development breakthroughs and technological accumulations.
In the area of synthetic organisms, the Trunchin organisms have been built into complete commercial systems ranging from selection to research and development to large-scale production, and the 2022 Trunchin organisms are on the market. In the area of innovations, Colombote focuses on tumors, self-immunization, etc., around the unmet clinical needs of the world and China.
In the area of major diseases such as inflammation and metabolism, building an international drug research and development and industrialization platform, including adc, mono-resistant, dual-resistant, new target-innovated small-molecular drug hotspot technology, etc., has been endorsed by a global pharmaceutical giant, and in 2023 Colombote held a 23,67% share in the Hong Kong stock exchange structure, up to 2024q3 the founder of the company and the intrudant Liu.
In the field of antibiotics, Trunchin is the main supplier of the global antibiotic intermediate; and in the area of innovative research and development, the core body of which includes the Colombote and Collon Drug Research Institutes, among others.
(b) Biobiotic intermediates and raw materials (Thonin organisms) maintain a high profile, yielding 3.270 billion yuan, an increase of 38.1 per cent, and 27.7 per cent of public revenues; and sales of non-revenue drugs, an increase of 2.02 billion yuan, an increase of 6.4 per cent, a share of corporate income.
In terms of the net cost of corporate returns, the decline in the cost of company sales has been more pronounced in recent years, with company sales rates representing 9.1 per cent of the company's total revenue in the first three quarters of 2024, and companies have increased their share of both absolute and average R & D inputs in recent years.
By the first half of 2024, Colon had initiated some 460 drug studies in the global market, including more than 430 generics and improved innovations with cluster, difficulty, characteristics and cost advantages, and more than 30 innovations. In addition, research and development on synthetic biology products has progressed steadily, with a number of products being handed over to the mid-course.
Columbote was established in 2016, officially listed at the Hong Kong border post in July 2023, and incorporated into the Hong Kong stock component in March 2024. The company focuses on major disease areas such as tumors, self-immunization, inflammation and metabolism, with more than 30 companies currently in place.
Priority innovative drug projects, of which 3 have been marketed, 1 project is in the Nda phase, and more than 10 projects are in the clinical stage. The company has successfully built an adc development platform, optidcTM, an adc project has been marketed, one adc project is in the Nda phase, and several adc or new adc projects are clinical or pre-clinical.
2.1. The “optidc” platform continues to expand, and a core adc assembly capable of designing needles has been developed over a decade.
Tailored adcs for different biological targets to address medical needs in a variety of adaptive conditions. In projects like skb264, the design and optimization of company adckthool strategies are perfectly demonstrated, including irreversible anti-coupling techniques, ph-sensitive connectors, intermediate active cell toxins, and point-based quantification strategies for high loads (dar7.4).
Columbote’s value and drug platform development capabilities were recognized by Global Strategy partners. In partnership with Mossatung Deep, in January 2023, Mercadong committed $100 million to Colombote, and now holds three bd transactions, totalling over $11.8 billion, between Colombote and Mercado.
The key patent for the mezzatonk drug will expire in 2028. The Colombote platform of the ptidc will empower the mercadok to find co-medic therapy to extend the life cycle of the k drug, and co-operation on the k drug will become a combination of products and innovative channels used to consolidate the k-drug status in the global market.
2.2.adc line layouts are comprehensive, skb264, the first global echelon, and potential bic Consattodulone resistance is a company-owned trop2adc targeting end-of-life physical tumors such as nsclc, bc, gc, gynaecology tumors. 1) Domestic: 2nd line and above tnbc were marketed in November 24; 2l and 3legfrmt
Nsclc's Nda was received in October and August, respectively. 1 lnsclc (pd-l1tps61%), 1 lnsclc (pd-l1 negative), 1 legfrmutnsclc (UUOSI) are in three stages. 2 ltnbc and 2l+hr+/her2-bc breast cancer studies are in three stages. 2) Overseas: Moschatón has started 12 studies.
The next phase of the iii study, covering non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer, cervical cancer, stomach cancer, etc., is expected to continue to develop more tumors and move forward to the front line. The fastest clinical progress globally is now trop2adc, with three pieces, one in Gilid's trodelvy.
In April 2020, the U.S. was approved, the Aslikon/Third World Dato-dxd (January 2025) and the Kskb264 (November 2024) of Colombo (China). On the domestic front, the trop2adc of the Henxi Pharmaceuticals, Poetry/UNning Organisms are in three stages of clinical intervention.
Kskb264 has disclosed clinical data on non-small cell lung cancer, gynaecology tumours, etc., with superior efficacy and safety. linker is more stable, therapeutic, and safe.
Amounted to 7.4. The sac-tmt identified the tumors in the cell surface by recombining the anti-trop2 human-sourced monoclon antibodies, and was later swallowed in the tumor cell and released in the cell kl610023. Kl610023, as an amphibular enzyme i inhibitor, induces damage to the tumor cell dna, which in turn results in cell cyclical retardation and cell failure.
Kl610023 is permeable with cellular membrane, which achieves bystander effects, i.e. kill neighbouring tumor cells.  trop2adc is a field of uncertainty, skb264 is expected to later climb up and bend over.
1) On October 18th, 2024, Gilid withdrew the accelerated approval of trodelvy for skin cancer in the U.S. for use on urinary roads, for the reason that the results of the iii certified clinical typics-04 study, read on May 30th, 2024, did not show a significant improvement in the patient ' s total life (os) compared to chemotherapy.
2) On January 22, 2024, Gillid issued an announcement that trodelvy had failed to reach the main end of the experiment in the iii phase of treatment of transient non-small cell lung cancer.
1) The results of the iii Trosion-breast01 study, published on 23 September 2024, show that dato-dxd treated her2 low-expression or negative breast cancer patients on the 2nd / 3rd line did not reach the main end of the total survival period (os). 2) On 27 May 2024, Aslicom and the 1st III published their troop2adc drug dato-dxd in ii.
In the first clinical trial of tropion-lung01, patients with non-small cell lung cancer who have undergone full-body treatment were also not able to reach the end of the expected total survival period (os). 3) The first-line, pd-l1-high-expression of non-small-cell lung cancer was studied in the ii-pulmonary-lung08.
Aslicon/combined in #33, the main endpoints of the study were changed from data on the whole population of non-small cell lung cancer to data on non-story non-small cell lung cancer. The trial was submitted to bla for non-story Nsclc, and retransmitted for the treatment of formerly treated systems.
The company is currently working on adc in addition to its core product, skb264, of which a166 (her2adc) Nda for her2+bc (3l+) adaptives was accepted by cde in May 23rd. In addition, the company uses the optidc platform.
Technically active deployment of new adc drugs, multi-drugs are in the early stages of clinical intervention.a166 is her2adc, which is currently in the Nda declaration phase, and is designed with a high payload low toxicity dar, which uses a stable enzyme to crack the connection to the new high-cell toxic microsterin inhibitor duostin-5 in low dar conditions
It's a cell-connected protein, expressed strictly in the innermost layers of the gastric mucous membrane or gastric wall, which is normally limited to the uppermost layers of the gastric mucous membrane or gastric wall.
However, in the course of cancer development, cell connections have been destroyed, exposing the cldn 18.2 table of the surface of the tumor cell to specific targets. With the exception of stomach cancer, cldn18.2 has been found to be overexpressed in various organ tumours (e.g. pancreas and esophagus cancers) that it does not normally express, making it a potential to develop target-to-drug therapy.
The skb315 developed by the company has a unique, in-house, humanized cldn 18.2 unit of resistance with a ph-sensitive decomposable connector and a high-dar combination of medium-toxic toxin designs. 2.3. The company's non-adc tubes are about to enter the harvest period.
The non-adc products currently being studied by the company include single-resistant drugs and small-molecular drugs, and the spread of diseases including neoplasms and non-cancer domains, with the potential for short-term cash harvesting and future development.
3.1. Industry concentration is concentrated towards the headlines, with new producers entering relatively difficult in the short term, and large infusions accompanying the development of China’s pharmaceutical industry, which has experienced a combination of unprovoked competition from the early stages of competition to industries with changing forms of regulation. At the policy end, China’s big infusion industry has experienced several major shuffling rounds, in 2000.
Regulatory authorities have introduced gmp certification, and a large number of infusion producers and hospital formulations in the country that do not meet the gmp requirements have been shut down within the prescribed time frame, supply has been cleared, and, as in 2013, the new version of the gmp certification has resulted in the partial elimination of capacity.
Landings and mergers are common in the country, and the advantages of scale are constantly evident. Moreover, higher production standards in the industry, the introduction of a policy of centralizing drug purchases, and so forth, have reduced the survival space of some of the regional, small-scale large-scale infusion-producing enterprises, with a concentration of industries towards head-makers.
At the end of the year, there were fewer than 10 companies in China’s large infusion industry that sold more than 100 million bottles (bags). Currently, the largest infusion plants in the country are the Cullen Medicines, the Stone Four Medicines Group, the Huixin Medicines, the Huo Yun Crooks, the Hua In Pharmacy, etc.
According to various announcements, in 2023, five companies sold about 9.1 billion bottles/bags of major infusions, which, according to our calculations, accounted for about 80% of the industry. And, in comparison to the past few years, the share of the industry’s top producers has steadily increased, and the market has been competitively competitive for many years (prices, costs, services sold, etc.), and the competition pattern is now relatively stable, we judge.
As of the end of June 2024, the Collen Pharmaceuticals industry held 20.4% of the shares, directly and through the Collen International Group, and, as of the third quarter of 2024, the Collen Pharmaceuticals industry held 10.0% and the Illite four, 6.1% shares, respectively.
Figure 20: Distribution of China's main large infusion plants (million bottles/bags) 3.2. Demand level is relatively robust, high-end infusion products continue to be released Clinically, large infusion uses are more extensive, including body balance in fluids, nutrient infusion, expansion in blood capacity.
In theory, the demand for large infusions as a basic drug depends mainly on the growth in the number of industry-wide treatments, but the “restrictive orders” and subsequent outpatient infusion controls introduced in 2012 have caused some volatility in the use of large infusions.
In addition to the fluctuations in the number of consultations during the 2020-2022 epidemic, the number of consultations in China has steadily increased over the past decade, reaching 9.55 billion in 2023, an increase of 13.4 per cent over the same period.
In the long run, large infusions as a medical basic, and in the context of China’s ageing population, we anticipate a steady increase in demand for large infusions in the industry. In clinical applications, the packaging of domestic infusion products has undergone many generations of upgrades, and is now available on the domestic infusion market.
The package is mainly in the form of glass bottles, plastic bottles, non-pvc soft bags and straight bags, and also in the form of a non-closed package, which has evolved from closed to closed packaging, mainly to address issues such as ease of use, transport costs and avoidance of external pollution. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Industrial Research, domestic plastics production in 2022 was proportional to the structure of the market for large liquid packaging materials.
About 38% of non-pvc soft bags are about 33%, and we expect some improvement in the penetration rate of high-end soft bag products in China, which is higher in terms of Māori, and in recent years, according to the Tahin Medicine industry announcement, the Māori rate of non-pvc soft bags has been over 60%, significantly higher than the Māori rate of plastic and botts.
The Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, as the country ' s largest infusion pipeline, has been actively developing new large infusion packages, and in 2007 began to produce bulk-sized, straight-on soft bags. Over a decade, it has developed and developed, and now has a large batch of high-end infusion fluids (antibiotic solid double-room bags and intestine nutrient fluid multi-room bag series products) on the market, with a more complete product line.
In recent years, companies have been pushing heavily for the replacement of semi-closed fluids with closed fluids, which rose by about 3.11 percentage points in the first half of 2024. In terms of Māori rates, as influences such as corporate size, product structure and so on continue to emerge, we judge that while Māori rates are or are expected to continue to rise, Māori rates are also expected to be maintained.
3.3. With the short-term disruption of prices of some products, the profit margin is expected to remain robust. In the area of policy-level mining, according to company announcements, by the end of 2024, half of the country ' s provinces and districts are expected to have completed the process of collecting and collating basic fluids.
The company anticipates that the base fluid will be at the end of or affected by a combination of associated and intensive extraction, but will be able to stabilize the profits of a single bottle of high Maori varieties by compressing the marketing costs of the various links. For the market of non-collective zones, the company plans for the next three years: 1) to promote further structural optimization and the replacement of plastic bottles with bags; 2) through high-speed production lines and technological adaptation projects.
Reducing production costs: 3) Promoting rapid market expansion for newly approved priority products (national talks, etc.), and we believe that the profits of the company's large infusion plates are expected to remain stable. 4. The supply and demand of raw materials is expected to be stable in the short term, and synthetic biology opens up in the long term.
4.1. Choonning Beast leads the lead in the global meso-head business, the city of the core product.
R & D and industrialization of biofermentation technologies, 1319 acres of corporate projects up to 2023, total investment of more than 8 billion acres, currently owns 1 sulphate production line, 2 head cyanide intermediate production line, 1 bear deoxychoic acid crude production line, 1 16,000 tonnes/year of total capacity, with major products including sulphate sulphate intermediates (7-aca, 7-adca, 7-adca)
d-7aca), penicillin intermediates (6-apa, penicillin g potassium salt) and bear deoxychoic acid rough products are among the suppliers of larger antibiotics intermediates at home and around the globe.
In addition, the company’s synthetic biology project, which covers 591 acres in two phases, is expected to invest a total of $1 billion in total, with the construction of two production lines for cosmetics and health-care materials.
In the antibiotics intermediate, based on regional resource advantages, and through years of research and development and technological accumulation, companies have set up a modeling industrial production system, and now the company has become a global industrial head of bioferment technology; in synthetic biology, it has been able to develop a new technology for the production of sulfur.
The commercialization system that completed the selection - R & D - Large Production was the first synthetic biology enterprise to achieve product delivery in the country. Billions of dollars, 40.9% more than the same year, generated 1.55 billion yuan of sulphate, 17.3% more than the same year, and the first half of 2024, the Tshonning Organisms earned 3,195 million yuan, 32.20% more than the same year, including penicillin.
The increase was about 33.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 930 million yuan on a year-on-year basis for cyanide, or 28.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and 750 million yuan on a year-on-year basis for head sorghum, or 42.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
According to the Tunning biopromotion book, antibiotics are the largest anti-infection type of drug, accounting for about 90% of the total anti-infection drug, with b-neoamoxin and penicillin-based antibiotics accounting for about 70% of the world market for antibiotics. There is no substitute for antibiotics as a base drug for anti-infection.
The production of antibiotics is characterized by a certain amount of contaminants, in particular the heterogeneity problem, which is influenced by environmental protection outside China and domestic production costs. China has become the world ' s main production base for antibiotics, but in recent years China ' s environmental protection requirements have been increasing, requiring nearly 400 people to maintain them.
In comparison with other industrial producers, the Tunning Organisms are located in the Xinjiang plough area, close to the corn-producing area and have sufficient light, high protein content, and the overall production costs are relatively lower than those of inland production enterprises; in terms of labour costs, the Xinjiang area uses less than the national average; the Tunning Organisms also have a fire power plant and are close to the coal-producing area, and the entire Xinjiang area is coal-fired.
Energy costs are relatively low and electricity costs have a clear advantage; in addition, the Iplough Valley has climatic conditions such as temperature, humidity, etc. suitable for biological fermentation, which can increase fermentation levels and reduce production costs.
Projects such as molynesic acid (6-apa), 7-amino-pyridane acid (7-acca), 7-amino-3-deacetylacetic thiochlorate (7-adca) production devices have been classified as restricted. Since 2019, the production of domestic intermediates of antibiotics has been phased out, and the main intermediate products of the Trunchin organisms are now downstream, including large cyclic esters, wide spectral antibiotics, and thiocyanide is used mainly for ingestion.
A step-by-step synthesis of macrocyclic antibiotics, such as red mecin, rothicillin, achimicillin, and so on; 7-aca, d-7aca and 7-adca, mainly used in synthetic cerebral bacterium; 6-apa, potassium g salt, mainly used in synthetic pyrecin antibiotics, etc.
Sulphur cyanide is a pure fermentation extraction product that cannot be artificially synthesized, new plants have higher barriers to entry, and sulfuric cyanide is highly toxic in the liquids of sulfate, and fermentation tails produce odours, which makes environmental protection more expensive. China has already lost tons of cyanide production in 2011, but has been affected by restrictive policy and environmental stress, and in recent years many manufacturers have been able to produce it.
Out of production, according to the Tsunning biomerit book, the global sulphatic cyanide is mainly produced by the East Sun medicine industry and the Tsuning biology industry, which is currently China’s largest producer, producing up to 4,000 tons/year, with annual production of more than 3,000 tons. Achirocin, a downstream product of sulphate cyanide, was more affected by the new crown disease from 2020 to 2022, according to the Tsong Ning biological recruitment unit.
China’s exports of Achimoxin raw materials increased from 1437.9 tons in 2019 to 2566.5 tons in 2021. According to health data, China’s exports of Achimoxin raw materials in 2023 totalled about 2527 tons, and market end demand has remained at a relatively high level in recent years.
penicillin: The pattern is stable and prices are expected to sustain. penicillin is the world's first anti-infection drug in clinical applications and is now widely used worldwide as a first-line antibacterial drug. 6-apa is an important intermediate in the production of semi-synthetic penicillin amosil and antibiotic aminoicillin (sodium).
Integrated production using the bio-serving method, high investment in production, high sewage treatment, and high environmental requirements, while remaining production capacity, the National Directory of Industrial Restructuring Guidance restricts entry of new firms into the industry. According to the Kawaning Bioshare, the demand for the 6-apa market is now around 30,000 tonnes/year, and domestic firms are more productive.
It is a federal pharmaceutical with a capacity of about 24,000 tonnes/year, a Wichida capacity of about 7,000 tonnes/year, and a Tsunning bioproduction of about 6,700 tonnes/year, which is higher in real terms than Wichida, the main producer in the industry. On the price side, the 6-papa price trend has been upwards since 2020, and the current price is around $320/kg.
Almost all of the species are semi-synthetic products, i.e., shrunk with fermented sulfonyl sulfide c-aca, which makes 7-acca the key intermediate for synthetic sulfone. d-7aca is the next product for 7-aca, and the final products for 7-aca and d-7aca include, inter alia, sodium sulfonate, salivated sulfon, head sulfon, head, and head for clinical injection.
Sodium sorghum and sodium head sorghums, etc. According to the Kawaning bio-requirement, the global demand for 7-acca in 2018 was more than 6,000 tons, with domestic capacity close to 8,200 tons, and the Trunchinian organisms currently have a combined capacity of more than 3,000 tons/year and are industry leaders.
Overall, the 7-acca sector has more supply than demand, and a new round of expansion has led to a fall in 7-acca prices by 2017, starting to recover gradually. At the same time, with environmental policy tightening and the impact on small- and medium-sized enterprises in the industry, we anticipate that the expansion of industrial capacity will be reduced.
Figure 39: Trends in prices of 7-aca ($/kg) 4.4. Synthetic bioproducts are growing in abundance from 2007 to the present and are expected to become important growth points. Synthetic biotechnologies are developed into adequate supplements and substitutes for traditional technologies and are widely used in medicine, chemicals, food, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, etc.
The global synthetic biology-related market sector as a whole is expected to grow rapidly, driven by both policy and technology. According to the China Strategic Planning Analysis Report 2024-2029, the global synthetic biology market reached $9.5 billion in 2021 and about 151 in 2023, according to the China Institute of Business and Industry.
With millions of dollars, the China Business Institute predicts that 18.9 billion dollars will be spent in 2024, and based on experience with the development of synthetic biology at home and abroad, the construction and transformation of bacteria is at the core of synthetic biology, and the production of products is at the bottom of synthetic biology, which has real potential for development.
Technology should also be industrialized, so R & D – choice – big production is the core of synthetic biology development, and only companies that have built synthetic biology research and development, producing integrated models, can have the right to speak in the industry in the future. As of the first half of 2024, red phosphorus has successfully been produced and sold in the Green Cycle Industrial Park project.
During the phase, 5-hydroxyamino acid had been produced on a trial basis; wheat horn sulfur was in a trial stage; magnesium had been produced on a trial basis; acorn shark was in a trial stage, dissipation was under a small test certificate; and Ikdoin had completed the small test certificate.
1) Large infusion plates: subject to purchases of basic fluid belts, the company adjusts the final price of part of the liquid product, but 3) medical research and development: the main revenue comes from the Mersardian milestone payments and the future use of innovative medicines such as kb264 and a166, HUNRY medicine, as a comparable company, valued below the comparable level of the company, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating.
1) Risks of increased market competition: the current competition patterns in the market for large infusion and raw material tablets are better, but not exclusive of the risks of increased supply and increased market competition due to the expansion of future competitors; 2) Risks of volatile prices of raw materials: the current price of the company ' s main intermediate products is more stable and will not exclude the demand end in the future
(c) The risks of innovation research and development falling short of expectations: there is greater uncertainty about the development of innovative medicines, and there is a future or presence of a personal perception of the subject matter securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.