Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronics Focus on digital field pcb growth and release rhythm of project abf Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: first quarter of 2024, company revenue of $3.96 billion, growth of 42.2 per cent in the same year, net profit of $380 million in the return to the mother, an increase of 83.9 per cent in the same year; rapid growth in income and profits, and sustained increases in corporate R&D cost inputs. First quarter of 2024: 1) revenue collection
At the end, the company achieved income of $3.96 billion, an increase of 42.2% over the same period. At the profit end, the company achieved a return to non-mortality growth as a result of the PPcb product structure optimization + bt volume recovery. The company’s 24q1 Māori ratio ring rises by 1.0 pp, and the non-mortality net profit ratio rises by 2.0 pct, which we believe is a significant increase in profitability.
The Division's profit growth in the first quarter was mainly due to: 1) replenishment of pcb orders in the communications area, a small recovery in prices, and the positive contribution of product structure optimization, such as the upgrading of the egs server structure and the growth of light module delivery, to the increase in the profit margins of the pcb operation: 2) bt load board price increases, which have benefited from consumer electronics since company q4
Based on the above, we believe that the structural optimization of 24q1 products and the restoration of crop productivity are central factors for profit enhancement. The bt board is reheated significantly, with medium- and long-term dimensions focusing on the rhythm release of the company ' s abf board project.
Shenzhen I and factory II supply mainly mems-type products, and tin-free plants are primarily located as storage products. Newly available capacity suggests that the company ' s tin-free II plant was launched in 2022q4 and primarily located high-end storage and lf-type bt board, with a potential output of over $2.2 billion and is currently on a rapid slope of production capacity.
After 23q3, the demand for storage/radio frequency/mems has recovered, bt board operations have seen a marked increase in crop activity, and we expect high crop-free plant performance to increase during the year. abf more than a billion yuan, the future focus will be on the progress and timing of the certification of imports of products among domestic gpu/cpu clients.
We believe that the abf board project is expected to become the company’s second-growth curve over the next three to five years. 1 Company profile: the industry’s depth in multi-dimensional layouts, the base plate’s forward growth. Deep South circuits, established in 1984, have three operations, namely, printed circuit boards, envelopes and electronics, and are global leaders.
The company is dedicated to “building the integration of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions” and is currently a national torch that focuses on high-technology enterprises, the first national technology innovation demonstration in the printing circuit board industry and the National Enterprise Technology Centre.
The "3-in-one" business model provides an integrated solution capability. The company started with a gamer business, and in the 1990s it moved to the area of information and communication pcb. After more than three decades of development, the company developed a unique "3-in-one" business layout in the industry: with connectivity at its core, it developed its "technology-like" approach while increasing its leading role in printing circuit boards.
The company has the combined manufacturing capacity to provide “samples of small, medium and large quantities” to provide a professional and efficient one-stop solution to clients by performing value chain-wide services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic packaging, microassembly and testing.
The company’s main business consists of printing circuit boards, sealing boards, and electronic assembly unions, which generate operating income of $2.31 billion, a decline of 8.3 per cent in the same year, accounting for 17.1 per cent of the company’s operating income; electronic packaging, which amounts to $2.12 billion, representing 15.7 per cent of the company’s operating income, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year; and other business, which amounts to $60.0 billion, representing the company’s share of operating income.
In major operations, the rate of Māori for printed circuit boards was 26.6 per cent, a decline of 1.6 pp from the same year to Māori 2.48 billion and Māori 69.5 per cent; the rate of Māori for enveloped boards was 23.9 per cent; the rate of 3.1 pp from the same year to Māori 680 million and Māori 19.0 per cent; and the rate of Māori for electronic packaging unions was 14.7 per cent, an increase of 1.5 pp from the same year to Māori 230 million.
During the first quarter, the company collected $3.96 billion, an increase of 42.2 per cent over the previous year, and a net return to the mother of $380 million, an increase of 83.9 per cent over the same year.
Cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $560 million in a quarter, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the same period.
Considering the scope of our business, we have selected two listed companies in the pcb industry for valuation purposes, namely, Hindsenko, who, from a Pe's point of view, valued an average of 34 times the value of the industry in 2024. The company's pcb business advantage is consolidated, the ic-boarding scheme continues to break high-end, and performance will show a high-quality growth trend, and we believe that the company's profit end is expected to be accompanied by a crop rate.
The company is the leader of the industry in the pcb and the envelopes, and the pcb business is expected to continue to benefit from server and vehicle use, in addition to the bt board and the abf board, which are two major areas of layout, which will continue to fill gaps in national production, and will open up over 6 billion production space for future wide core production. We give the deep south circuit 2024.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.