Deep South Circuit (002916), for the first time, covers the ai-driven product structural upgrades, and high-end panels are expected to break through the unique 3-in-one business layout of the deep south circuit construction industry, i.e., the strengthening of the pcb industry.
While taking the lead, the development of “technology-based” envelopes and “customer-to-source” electronic assembly operations has been vigorously pursued, through the vertical development of operations, to further deepen the binding of high-end passenger households into industry mounds in the direction of medium- and high-end pcb.
The pcbboard business is the company’s main business, covering communications, data centres, medical engineering, a total share capital (millions of shares): and cars, among other directions.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): Full coverage, with products ranging from wireless base stations to transmission networks, from core to solid network broadband fibres, various types of backboards, high-speed multilayers, and full series of high-frequency microwave plates.
Business developments in the direction of corporate data centre operations are expected to increase, especially the share of switchboards. The need for one server, driven by an upgrade of the standard switchboard specifications, will lead to an increase in the value of the single machine, thereby contributing to the continued development of the company’s pcb board business.
The company, which is the largest in-house envelope base-plate supplier, will benefit fully in the coming years from high-end chips such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, intelligent driving, and 2.5d/3d envelopes. Technically, the company achieved wb (wire-bonding) to fc (flip-chip) seals.
Full coverage in the form of loading and technological development on the end of the material is also expected from bt to abf, especially with regard to the abf-deep south circuit board, which is the most expected product line for growth.
The company's electronics business has been successful in expanding its customers, with 23 years of reversible growth. There has been a significant increase in orders in areas such as medical care and automobiles, and 24 years of company growth in the pcba industry at the data centre is expected to be better.
Since the company was listed, the average market-to-business performance ratio has been 30.8 x, and the Division has invested more in research and development of high-level envelopes, which are expected to ease over 24 years, while accelerating client certification and product import along with the high-level seal projects, and we are expected to be at the bottom of the income stream for 24 years.
Measuring the company's 24-year net return to the mother is $1.8 billion, giving the company 24 occults of optimism/neutrality downside risk: continuous weakening of downstream demand for communications, consumer electronics, etc.; new clients and project underdevelopment
Expected; slow progress on the abf board; less than expected recovery in the storage sector; adverse changes in international policies Upward risks: over-expected development of new projects; over-expected progress in the certification of the abf board; downstream demand recovery 1, deep south circuits: 3-in-one operations to build high-end market mounds
The deep south circuit was established in 1984. From the early production of circuit boards (pcb boards), the development and manufacture of circuit boards (pcb boards) has been extended to the current production of circuit boards, encapsulation boards and electronic fittings, to construct a unique “3-in-one” business layout within the industry, i.e., a “technology-based” envelope and “customer-to-source” electronic assembly operations that are being developed vigorously and vertically through the operation, while strengthening the lead position of pcb operations.
The pcb board business is the company’s main business, accounting for nearly 60 per cent of the total, covering a number of major directions, including communications, data centres, medical engineering and automobiles, and is now the largest in the direction of communications. In the case of communications pcb, companies cover all links in the network.
The product consists of a full range of types, high-speed multi-layer, high-frequency microwave panels, from wireless base stations to transmission networks, from core network to solid network broadband fibre-optics to home. As the client moves to the one-way business, it is expected that the business direction of the company’s data centre, especially the switchboard, will increase.
The growth in the value of mobile single machines has led to continued growth of company pcb board operations. Figure 1: Changes in corporate income (millions of dollars) accounted for 17 per cent in 23 years for enveloped base plate operations, which experienced a decline of 8.47 per cent in 23 years owing to macroeconomic influences.
But the company, as the largest in-house packager, will benefit fully in the coming years from high-end chips such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, intelligent driving and 2.5d/3d envelopes, and the technology upgrade dividend. On the technical side, the company has achieved full coverage of wb (wire-bonding) to fc (flip-chip) wrapping forms, and the materials are expected to develop from bt to abf, especially with regard to the abf board.
The company’s electronics union operation has been successful in client outreach, with a reverse growth of 21% in 23 years. There has been a significant increase in orders in areas such as medical care and automobiles, and 24 years of company pcba operations in data centres are expected to grow better.
Through the “3-in-one” layout, the company integrates and covers the industrial chain chain of level 1 envelopes to level 3 complete assembly, has the combined manufacturing capability of “small and medium batches of samples” and is able to provide one-stop solutions such as pcb/sip design, pcb/package base-plating production, electronic assembly, seal testing, etc. that can help clients to customize while also reducing costs, shortening delivery cycles and developing better delivery cycles.
Pcb's Māori ratio is influenced by the communications construction cycle and underpreparation, with a Māori rate of 26.55 per cent, a slight decline of 1.57 per cent over the same period.
The company’s Māori rate for both sectors is expected to improve continuously as a result of the increase in crop start-up rates and clients’ stock-taking to the end and start-up of new projects. The increase in pcba’s Māori rate is due mainly to the introduction of several projects into the production cycle, such as medical care, automobiles, etc. Figure 3: The company’s annual sub-business income and the change in Māori rate (millions)
The company's production base is located mainly in Shenzhen, Tin-free, Nantong and Guangzhou, where the south-ton base is dominated by pcb and pcba, without tin, except for pcb and pcba, and is now working with Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
End-of-end communications and servers, the Guangzhou base plate phase (fc-bga, fc-csp and rf envelope boards) and the South Tungpcb three projects (cars) are still in the production slope phase, and the related production capabilities are configured for medium- and high-end applications of the pcb multi-layer and enveloped base plate, as well as materials such as the accompanying core sheet envelope and fuse framework.
2 pcb Operations: Data Centre, Automobile Electronic-enabled pcb structural upgrades, pcb industry, with full competition within the industry. According to Prismark, in 2022, the total value of global pcb was $81.74 billion, with China’s mainland Pcb being the world’s leading producer of 53%.
In 2022, the top 10 pcb firms in the world accounted for 37% of their income, with deep south circuits accounting for 2.55% of the global pcb market. Figure 6: Global pcb income ranking (2022).
First, computers, consumer electronics, and car electrons follow closely, with a server output of about 10%. With a 23-year explosion in the ai, and with an increase in the demand for information speed and capacity in the 5g era, data centre hardware has accelerated to a high-speed, high-volume, high-frequency, high-dispersive pcb product, which drives the demand for large-scale, high-high-frequency, high-speed, high-dispersive heat products, which will also be driven by an up-to-date process.
Figure 8: Disaggregated by calibre. Data centres are the focus of the company. Deep south, dominated by high-level, multi-storey pcb products, mainly for data centres, communications, etc.
New energy, autopilot, and consumer electronics, where data centres are a priority area for companies, measuring a revenue ratio of about 15% over 23 years. Intel, a new generation of chip platforms, eaglestream, released by Intel 23q1, requires upgrades in signal transmission rates, data transmission losses, cabling, density, etc., and requires that pcb be synchronized with server chips, opening up new spaces for company server pcb products.
In 2023, in the context of the decline in capital spending by major cloud service providers and the decline in the overall demand for servers, companies benefited from the development of new products such as eaglestream platform products from downstream customers, which achieved the same level in the data centre area as server specifications continued to increase, and the pcb product specifications of servers or switches gradually evolved from minus m6 to minusm8, pcb
The value of pcb on a single server or switch will continue to rise as the layer and material specifications increase significantly. In the direction of the data centre, the company will focus on servers, switchboard backboards, multi-layers, and it is expected that the data centre operation will be an important enabler of the company’s operations on the pcb board.
Figure 11: Company pcb downstream application share measurement and major clients Figure 13: Generation chip platforms released by Intel Figure 12: Corporate pcb main R & D direction (2023)
In 23 years, the company ' s pcb product has grown rapidly in the electronics sector, and the new production base in South China has successfully climbed up to support the order. In the electronics sector, the company has benefited from the electric, intelligent and electric drive of new energy vehicles, focusing on new energy sources and adas, mainly producing high-frequency, hdi, scratch, thick copper, etc. The products in the adas sector are mainly used for cameras, radars, etc., and new energy producers.
To be applied to batteries, electric prosecution. As the penetration rate of electric cars and advanced driving support systems (adas) increases, the use of cars has increased significantly, and the demand for high-end pcb has grown rapidly. In 2023, company pcb products were ordered at a 50% faster rate than in the car sector.
In terms of capacity, the three-phased plant in Nandong, which is mainly oriented towards automobiles, pcb operations, has successfully climbed, reaching over 50% capacity utilization by the end of 2023, and is expected to provide continued support for the import of car orders.
Since 24q1, there has been a recovery in the crop rate of the ai and car-related orders. On the pcb product, we judge the company’s future focus on moving to higher value-added products through technological advantages, rather than price wars. Companies focus their investment on swaps, servers, new energy sources, and adas, and new high value-added projects are expected to open up new space for the company’s pcb business.
3. Encapsulation panels: Recovering industry recovery and trends in high-end alternatives to national production of high-end boards
Baseboards, flexible envelopes and ceramic envelopes, in which rigid envelopes can be divided by primary raw material into bt envelopes, abf envelopes, and mis envelopes, of which bt envelopes and abf envelopes are most widely used. Figure 14: Production of circuit board structures as a percentage (2023)
According to data from the Taiwan Circuit Board Association of China and Prismark, the size of the global envelope board in 2022 was $17.8 billion, or +24 per cent, of which Taiwan, Korea and Japan were the main suppliers with 90 per cent of total output. It is expected to reach $21.4 billion in 2026, representing a composite growth rate of 8.3 per cent in 21-26 years. In the bt envelope market, Chinese domestic firms accounted for about 7 per cent of the total;
fc-bga envelope boards using abf material are high-level envelopes with high layers, high-precision lines, etc., mainly in the product areas of cpu, gpu, ai, and in the area of abf seals, where domestic manufacturers are relatively low and do not have large quantities of production The company entered the seal pad business in 2009 and is now building a rich new plant at Shenzhen, Tinless, Guangzhou base plate factory
In terms of technology, the company ' s fc-csp product has reached industry leadership in the msap and ets process. The company ' s fc-bga plate is currently capable of mass production on 14 floors and below.
J. Some clients have completed sample certification and are currently in the production-line validation import phase. Figure 16: Global bt envelope market structure (2022) Figure 17: Global abf envelope market structure (2022)
Figure 20: China’s main envelope-board in-house manufacturing capacity Storage chip repair drives the need for the storage pad. Storage is the largest downstream market for bt-boards, and the chip-storage industry is running through a two-year downward cycle, and industry stocks have gradually been released against the background of production price reduction strategies being pursued by leading producers such as Samsung, Hercules, and Light.
The storage chip has been in a state of repair since the second half of 23 years, driven by a build-up of ddr5 penetration and an upgrade of the hardware specifications of the ai. By catching up with the heating opportunities in the storage industry, deep south has accelerated the import of new customers, and 23 years of revenue from the slab products have increased in the area of storage, while the unit price of the slab is expected to increase as companies work with downstream customers.
Arithmetic demand drives a strong growth of fc-bga demand, and national production substitution is imperative. As the aigc scene is gradually landing, stronger cloud endai servers and end-of-end high-calculus devices are needed, hardware end upgrades place higher demands on the board. fc-bga envelopes are widely applied to high-end gpu, cpu, asic, etc., thanks to high transmission speed, high-line sophistication, high-dispersive heat, etc.
In the performance calculation chip, the number of enveloped floors used in the i server chip is 2.5-3.5 times that of a normal computer, and the area is 3.5-3.6 times that of a computer, and the arithmetic needs open up huge market space for fc-bga. For 2021, front-line manufacturers such as lginnotek and three-star electric machines began to expand fc-bga envelopes.
Currently, fc-bga production capacity is largely monopolized by major international companies, low national production rates, and the technology blockade imposed on our country abroad will accelerate the process of national conversion, bringing opportunities for domestic capital producers in the deep south. The company’s fc-bga board is located mainly at the Guangzhou production base, planning to produce 200 million units a year (we measure about 600,000 m2 of annual capacity planning) and has started production online at the end of October 23, and is now starting production capacity.
Electronic assembly: Accumulation of customers with new projects in advance Electronic assembly linkages refers to the welding on pcb of electronic components such as passive devices, source devices, plug-ins, etc., by means of plug-in, surface-fixing, microassembly, etc., and the formation of modules, whole machines through functional and reliability tests.
The WEA industry is the ems industry, narrowly defined as the manufacturing service for all types of electronics, and represents the outsourcing of the manufacturing chain. The leading global ems companies now include Fusikang, Weibo, Jeppe, Tianhong, New America, etc., and these head ems plants.
In collaboration with branders, they can help them integrate supply chain resources and optimize their product supply processes.
c-Backboard ic-Backboard Baseboard ic-BackBackBacking Frame
ic enveloped base plate (with chip face) (with pcb face)
(Contact with chip (Contact with pcb)
pcb wb-bga enveloped base plate, chip, pcb connection map (sectional map) fc-bga cover sheet, chip, pcb connection stamp (sectional map)
The company began entering the field of electronic packaging in 2008 in the form of pcba, functional modules, whole systems and so on.
In the field of electronic assembly, based on "customer homogeneity", based on existing strategic clients, with professional design skills, intellectual manufacturing capabilities and rapid customer responsiveness, companies have obtained high-quality slogans and are constantly expanding projects in the areas of communications, medical care, automobiles, etc., to provide one-stop service to pcb clients, to meet their demand for shorter delivery times and lower costs in the form of products from modules or systems, and further
Increased value-added and client stickyness of products. In 2023, IUPAC accounted for 15.7 per cent of corporate income, compared to 21.5 per cent in the same year, benefiting mainly from the accumulation of prior clients and the location of new projects. At the same time, companies increased their operational efficiency through initiatives such as upgrading automated logistics and enhancing precision management, with a Māori growth rate of 1.51 points in 23 years.
From a quarterly paper, 24 years: performance increased by the same year, and product structure optimized significantly The company ' s 24q1 achieved operating income of 3,961 million yuan. + 42%. + 42%: net profit on return to mothers $380 million. + 84%. Net profit on deductions to mothers $336 million, +87%; Māori 25.19%, ring to 1 pct.
In the interest of better demand in data centres and automobiles, the confluence of consumer electronics has recovered, driving the pcb and the capping base to higher crop rates. At the cost end, the cost of corporate sales/management/research and development in 24q1 was 1.74 per cent/3.64 per cent/85.3 per cent, resulting from an increase in employee remuneration, depreciation, etc., in the ring comparison +0.21 pct/- respectively.
In the case of pcb, the company benefited from a strong demand from the ai, and the trend towards server and switch upgrades led to the optimization of the company’s product structure. With the greenstream platform released since the second half of 23 years, the company has been developing new customers and new products, with a further increase in the company’s delivery rate expected over 24 years. In the case of automobiles, 24 years of company growth has come mainly from the location and aas of pre-import client targeted projects.
The 24-year demand for data centres and auto electronics is expected to boost the company’s overall pcb crop rate and optimize its product structure. In the case of enveloped panels, the company is expected to benefit from the ongoing warming and rehabilitation of downstream storage and radio frequency products over 24 years.
With regard to capacity-building, the Sein-Free Phase II project has accelerated client certification and product import, and the Guangzhou Phase I project has been launched online in 2023q4 and is expected to make a contribution at the revenue end as the capacity of the Guangzhou base climbs.
Figure 25: Changes in net corporate return profits, Figure 26: Changes in corporate Maori rates and net interest rates, Figure 28: Changes in corporate cost rates
We measure the company’s 24-year net profits as figure 30: current market performance forecasts correspond to pe-values. Downstream demand, such as communications, consumer electronics, etc., continues to weaken.
New clients and projects are not developing as fast as expected, abf boarding is slow, storage is not recovering as expected.
Undesirable changes in international policy, continued high R & D costs and capital expenditures, and over-expected development of new projects.
Abf board certification progress is higher than expected, downstream demand recovery is higher than expected, and big client development progress is higher than expected.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.