Merchant Road (001965.sz) Review: Multifactorial impact: 24 years of underperformance and a 4.66 per cent decline in non-profits incident: 2024 Report on Merchant Road: 12,711 million yuan in business earnings in 2024.
Investment portfolio: Increased income from the ISP as a result of a combination of medium- and medium-sized vendors Investment portfolio: $9,686 million in 2024, compared with +52.85 per cent in 2024, representing an increase in the number of days spent free of charge in 2024. Corporate traffic in 2024
155.2 million tolls, $9.45 billion in revenue, and the same kilometre of the road network that was invested to cover all 22 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, were removed from the high-speed display.
Transport technology module: 2,169 million yuan in 2024, i.e. 1.15 per cent of revenue, resulting in cost increases that drag overall performance, with investment returns falling by 990 million yuan in the same year, totalling approximately 2.660 billion yuan, i.e. 39.59 per cent of the total, of which administrative and financial costs are respectively
This compares to +21.87% and +61.03%, mainly in the form of a combination of iron and steel effects. At the end of the investment earnings, hundreds of millions of dollars, mainly in the form of iron and steel, were added to the list.
100.00 % equity generates disposal gains of RMB 569 million.
In 2024, the company's projects progressed steadily, and the China Asset Pack project landed and managed smoothly.
Wataru, with an increase of 276 kilometres in investment operations; the River Holdings platform, with 40 per cent of the remaining stock of the Hunan Young-Long highway; the re-establishment of the south wing of the Yong-yeon highway to complete the internal build-up; the continuation of pre-implementation efforts such as the re-opening of Qui Xing and the expansion of the commercial base; and the completion of the extension of the Qin Xin Xin Xian Xian.
Replenishment efforts; completion of agreements on the Chad-Jasseau highway, and the Ying-Jing high-speed expansion. The Shareholder’s Return Plan, which promises to distribute profits in cash on an annual basis, is no less than the net return profit of the current year, minus 55% of the profits of other equity instruments, such as debt sustainability, if any.
Road operations front platform, watch for road owners and industry chain business development \triangleright is a major road operations front platform with strong alpha, and we keep looking at two major growth factors: 1) road products.
On the one hand, the company maintains a more active pace of asset buy-over and acquisition of high-quality targets than its counterparts, and its own established road output is younger than its peers, and is therefore expected to contribute significantly to the growth of performance; on the other hand, on road production, on the business side of the chain, on the company's intelligent transport and transportation technology business, with a larger industry.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained for the industry’s leading business, which is well-managed and continues to have high dividends. Risk factors: extended acquisitions are not as expected; traffic is not growing as expected; road tariff policy waves are not as good as expected.
\triangleright Transport, Logistics, Roads, Railways, Ports, Aviation, Maritime Transport, etc., served as an external evaluation for several provinces in 2023.
In 2024, it became a member of the organization, which is mainly responsible for research in such sectors as couriers, logistics, roads, etc. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.