The second half of 2019, when the company achieved business income of $65.3 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 1.7 per cent; the net return to the mother was $3.14 billion.
A 9.5 per cent decrease over the same period; a 3.5 per cent decrease over the same period in the net gain of $3.03 billion; and a 3.5 per cent decrease over the same period, on the revenue side: limited capacity to deliver + slower demand. Growth in income drags growth due to limited capacity to deliver in the Beijing market and slower demand, with a 5.2 per cent increase in passenger revenue for the 1h19 company.
Of these, 1h19 company ask increased by only 5.9 per cent from the same time, well below the increase in the capacity of South China, and 1h19 from East; rpk suffered from a certain drag of 6.6 per cent from the same year, but slightly faster than ask, leading to a 0.5 pct increase from the same time.
Cost-side: cost control continues to advance and cost increases are influenced by changes in lease standards \triangleright 1h19 company operating costs increase by 1 per cent, with the cost of aviation oil declining during the same period of the year and increasing capacity
Limited, with a 0.2% increase in the same year, mainly due to increased capacity inputs and longer voyages. The Division’s operating costs increased by 1% after the withholding of oil, with the larger increase being: 9% increase in landing fees compared to 9% increase in landing costs compared to 17% increase in landing costs compared to South China, increase in landing costs or associated with increases in airport charges in the first half of the year; depreciation costs are equal to the same rate.
2.4 per cent increase, mainly due to the increase in the size of the fleet in the first half of the year; and 4 per cent increase in the remuneration of employees. The cost of the company ' s fly-off/other operations decreased by 16 per cent/32 per cent per year as a result of the divestiture of the subsidiary ' s state cargo and the change in lease standards. If this factor is excluded, the operating cost of the cut-off oil increased by 4.3 per cent per year, while the cost of the cut-off per unit ask decreased by 4.3 per cent per year.
1.6 per cent, the effect of improved cost control is still being demonstrated. The cost of the period was increased by 11 per cent over the same period by an increase of 11 per cent in interest expenditure due to a change in lease standards.
At the end of the reporting period, public losses, taking into account the impact of the recent devaluation of the renminbi, are expected to have a negative impact on net profits of q3, but the price of oil should be increased by tax deductions and the elasticity of exchange performance of the season.
As of August of this year, the price of aviation kerosene had fallen by 10 per cent, assuming that the price of q3 aviation kerosene would continue to improve around that point, the costs of halving the rate charged by the Civil Aviation Development Fund and the company ' s performance in the q3 season had declined.
The company’s operational capacity was limited in the first half of the year, adding to weak external demand and weak revenue growth. It is expected that the company’s domestic line capacity will continue to fall in the second half of the year, with large fluctuations in oil and sink prices.
A summary of company financial statement data projections The airline is engaged in equity investment, and the author has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,