We believe that the logic of the company's investment lies in two major aspects: the profit recovery of the cobalt business plate along the cycle-up route with the cobalt price, and the significant release of the new energy plate over the next three years.
At the industry level, the current trend in cobalt prices has shifted from a unilateral decline in 2018-2019 to a shock, affecting, to some extent, the mining and marketing of cobalt; at the enterprise end, the motanda cobalt mine has been shut down.
The downward adjustment in capital expenditure and cobalt production is largely based on the general trend that began with the contraction of the cobalt supply end in the second half of the year. At the demand end, the impact of the epidemic is on the long-term trend of 5g and the growth of new energy vehicles.
Demand for consumer and power cells is expected to release as industry develops, driving future demand for cobalt. With the expected increase in supply and demand gaps, upstream miners in the industrial chain are expected to move faster to the reservoir, driving the price of cobalt to be strong and counterproductive.
At the corporate level, the company has been working deep for more than a decade on the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the local wholly-owned subsidiaries, cdm and mikas, have considerable reserves of copper and cobalt mineral resources, and have established local stable hand-capturing procurement channels, coupled with intermediate capacity and smelting projects, cost advantages and cost advantages.
In addition, in 2019, the company managed to double production and sales at the bottom of the industry, confirming the strong internal dynamics of the company’s cobalt business. The transition path: top-down configuration of the lithium electricity industry chain, with new energy portfolio performance in the future
The core logic of growth The strategic focus of the company is to shift from the cobalt new materials industry to the new energy lithium electric materials industry, as evidenced by the fact that the main top-down layout of the industrial chain is centred on the idea of matching the growth of the new energy plates.
Resource operations section, company construction of an annual 60,000-ton nickel-rich nickel-metallurgical smelting project in Indonesia, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2021 with the acquisition of active titanium resources; medium-sized colour smelting plate, combined with three-dollar pre-drive expansion, to build upstream raw material sulfate from three-dollar pre-drivers
Research Assistant: Enlargement Project for Cobalt, Sulphur Nickel and High Ice Nickel; New Submarine Energy Business Block, Autonomous + Co-Sharing Company Business Model, which is beginning to bear fruit, 3-dollar pre-drilling and positive material projects are steadily moving forward, projected
We believe that there is a rapid increase in the current market for the new energy sector.
With the expected return of cobalt prices, the company’s cobalt plate performance is expected to rebound and add up to the capacity of the new energy business.
Cobalt price fluctuations; risk of an epidemic; under-progress in construction projects; related industrial policy changes; and under-growth in the new energy automobile industry downstream. 1 Cobalt plate profitable repair period, lithium power transition
1.1 Resource-smelting-new integrated energy industry chain layout The company is mainly engaged in the development and manufacture of new energy lithium and cobalt new materials products, is owned by an integrated industrial chain from the development of cobalt nickel resources to the manufacture of lithium materials, and is committed to the development of new low-carbon, environmentally friendly energy sources.
Since its establishment in 2002, the company has been working to build a deep industrial chain for the cobalt industry, and in 2015 it was placed on the market, with a significant increase in its capacity to finance and speed up the pace of production expansion and foreign acquisitions. At present, the company has completed its headquarters in Qingjiang, its resources are being secured abroad, its manufacturing base is in China, and its market is in China.
The three business plates form the vertically integrated industrial chain within the company, while the company is also recycling the recycling plate, working hard to build production patterns from cobalt-rich nickel resources, smelting, trinity-premium drivers, lithium electrodes.
In view of the global concentration of cobalt resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary, cdm, in 2006 and has been operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In 2008, three Congolese mining companies, Commus, Mikas, and Weso, were acquired, thus creating a pre-emptive advantage at the upstream source. In January 2015, the company went to the market, and then, while deepening the cobalt industry, the company accelerated the layout of the chain of new-energy lithium power industries. In 2017, the company produced 20,000 tons per year of pre-diversion.
In August of the same year, the company acquired 100 per cent of the shares of Beyllen Biotechnology, Inc., and arranged for the recycling of offshore resources; it also subscribed to 186 million additional shares from Australian avz, pre-positioning the lithium resource reserve. In January-April 2018, the company formed four joint ventures with lig chemistry and posco.
At present, the company’s chain of industry for lithium power and new energy materials is in its infancy, and it is expected that the company, while maintaining its cobalt smelting vane, will continue its deep transformation in the layout of the new energy and lithium-materials industry. The company’s shareholders, the company’s first and second largest shareholders, are China’s friend holding shares, and Daesan’s private shares are limited.
Division, with shares of 17.55% and 14.61%, respectively. Dasan actually controls Xie Wei-Tung and Hwa's holdings.
The upstream resource section is mainly concerned with the extraction, selection and initial processing of non-ferrous metals such as cobalt, nickel, copper. Cobalt is concentrated in the Congo Congo Africa subsidiary, cdm, mikas, whose main products are coarse cobalt oxide and copper, and nickel resources.
In Indonesia, the relevant entity is the joint venture, Huagami. The Chinese-coloured business section is mainly concerned with deep processing of cobalt-based new material products, its operations are concentrated in the factories of the subsidiary Hua-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yu-Yo, and the main products are cobalt-based chemicals such as Tetra-O3 and Cobalt-Sulphate.
Of these, the new energy state, the new energy source in Huaihai, the joint venture with Posco, Huatami Pou, and the joint venture with lig chemistry form the company’s pre-release business. The raw materials needed to produce the pre-removement are mainly supplied by the subsidiary Huatsu State, which is supplemented by the outsourcing component.
In addition, companies are engaged in positive material business through equity companies such as Poohua and Playboys.
tmc is mainly involved in the recycling of lithium electricity and waste resources, and Baillon is mainly involved in lithium recycling resources.
1.2 Products are rich in variety and have significant pressure resistance and up-front potential The types of corporate products can be divided into four main categories: cobalt products, copper products, nickel products, and triad drivers. Of these, the cobalt industrial chain is the most comprehensive and contains cobalt raw material end (cobalt concentrate, cobalt hydroxide)-cobalt intermediate (cobalt salt)-III.
At present, the size of the company’s cobalt, copper production capacity, the nickel associated with the new energy plate, the potential for a significant increase in the production capacity of the triad body, or a future profit growth point for the company.
The company has already produced 2.14 million tons of rough cobalt-oxidation products (of which 10,000 tons) in the upstream Congolese resource plate; for copper products, the total production capacity of the company ' s copper products amounted to 111,000 tons (of which 11 million tons were produced in the counties of the country) in late 2019, with the Democratic Republic of the Congo Pe527 mine, Rukuni, producing 30,000 tons of electricity and copper annually.
Base smelting capacity at 15,000 tons, cdm at 66,000 tons, mikas at 30,000 tons; nickel production capacity at 10,000 tons, and pre-trillion drive product production capacity at 50,000 tons are concentrated in the Chinese state production base. Currently, nickel products are in a state of layout and have low capacity use, pre-trivalent drivers are in an uphill period but are able to use and produce.
The sales rate has reached a high level, and nickel and tri-dollar pre-drivers products are expected to increase significantly and have great potential for future profitability as the nickel and pre-diversion product expansion projects move forward. The performance of corporate cobalt and pre-tri-di-diverse products declined significantly in 2019, as a result of the decline in cobalt prices; and copper production.
High-speed growth, which supports the company’s profits at the bottom of the industry; in addition, the rich product structure of the Division’s low-morigin trading operations makes it less profitable and more resilient than the same listed companies at lower cobalt prices.
In 2019, the company collected $18,853 million, an increase of 30.46 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $120 million, a decline of 92.18 per cent in the same year; the reduction of 40.7 per cent in the return to the mother, a decrease of 11.23 per cent in the Māori rate, a decrease of 23.51 pct in the same year; and the return to the third dollar, a decrease of $1,151 million in the same amount.
This is mainly a significant annual increase of 83.74 per cent and 75.83 per cent, respectively, in copper products. In 2019, the company generated $8,629 million in revenues from trade and other operations, an increase of 4,145.3 per cent and a decrease of 0.82 pct, respectively.
In the event of a greater impact of the epidemic, the capacity of the company remains at a high level. The resource plate produces 42.704 tons of copper, an increase of 49.54 per cent in the same year; the colour plate expands the entrusted processing business and maintains a high living load, producing a total of 13,510 tons of cobalt products (including the commissioned processing business) during the reporting period, largely in the same period as the previous year.
flat; colored smelting plates, selling 10,360 tons of cobalt products, a decline in the same year, mainly due to partial market demand, converted to entrusted processing operations; new energy plates totalling 13,004 tons of pre-production drives, an increase of 95.47 per cent compared to the previous year; pre-sales, 12,745 tons, an increase of 87.92 per cent compared to the previous year, excluding the direct export of overseas products by joint ventures, 65.78 per cent
In the first half of the year, the company actively expanded the new energy market in Europe, the positive material market rate increased further, and the company’s high-end market share increased further. Meanwhile, the company signed a total of 90,000 in the first half of 2020 with the company and its associates for 34 months.
Ton orders further secure the company’s share of the mainstream market over the next few years, and also ensure the digestion of existing three-dollar pre-production capacity. On the Māori side, 30,000 tons of copper has been produced, the self-sufficiency of the company’s copper products has increased, the cost of copper products has dropped significantly, and Māori has increased considerably; and the Māori rise in cobalt products has also benefited from the overall increase.
The cost has been reduced, the main high-priced inventory of cobalt was largely digested in 2019, the inventory cost of raw materials as a whole was low in the first half of 2020, and the price of cobalt products was higher in part of the first half of the year.
Figure 16 Corporate Collection and Māori Structure Data (sub-products) Chart 17: Performance of Cobalt Prices and Cobalt Prices in the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry Chart 18 has fallen significantly in the last two years ($/tons)
Figure 20 compares to the Māori rate of listed companies (in the cold cobalt industry) Chart 21 shows less volatility in the overall Māori rate in 2019.
The company is now focusing on the new energy lithium-materials industry, while actively pursuing business operations and expansion projects to ensure its global leadership in the cobalt-new materials industry. The “two new triads” strategy is a core corporate strategic idea that guides the company’s specific business operations and industry layouts, including: “two news” for new energy lithium-electric materials.
The company's long-term strategy is reflected in its industrial chain as follows:
Cobalt is associated with the fact that the end of the resource expands, mainly by means of acquisitions, cobalt, copper, nickel, lithium ore resources, and preserves the company’s basic resource reserves for new energy operations.
New energy plates: access to triad drivers and nudity material markets with joint ventures with lig chemistry and posco as the main means to integrate advantages to pave the way for companies to enter the new energy industry chain, while ensuring downstream distribution of company products.
Recycling plates: Large-scale destruction of cobalt-containing lithium batteries is expected to take some time, and the company is currently building recycling systems mainly in a self-employed and acquired manner, focusing on pipeline creation and two cobalt-copper plates: cycle rotation leads to profitable restoration of cobalt plates.
Cobalt together provides the core support for the company's operations The resource end, where the company's cobalt business is currently concentrated in Cdm, Mikas, a subsidiary of the African Democratic Republic of the Congo, whose main product is coarse cobalt hydroxide and which is associated with cobalt copper because of the large number of cobalt mines.
Cobalt. The company's cobalt raw materials are procured directly or through H.C.H., from international mining companies or bulk traders, from Congolese subsidiaries, cdm, mikas, to crude intermediate products, and from local cooperative mining companies.
Mines are guaranteed by a commercial model complemented by local mining and mining companies in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, while cobalt-copper concentrates are produced through the mining of cobalt-coated copper, rough hydroxide cobalt and electrical copper products are produced through wet smelting, and copper is produced through fire smelting by cdm.
With regard to cobalt products, the company has a combined capacity of 39,000 tons of metal-volume cobalt products (0.90 million tons + 30,000 tons in the region) at two major production bases in the city headquarters and in the state of Huatsu. The main products are cobalt-based chemicals, such as cobalt trioxide and sulphuric acid, which are intended to provide raw materials for the production of tri-dollar pre-drillers and positive-polar materials for the new downstream energy business plates.
Over a decade of deep cultivation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with significant cost advantages, cobalt resources are highly concentrated at the end of the region and at the end of the enterprise, with the end of the country concentrated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the end of the enterprise cluster in leading enterprises such as Qeonko, Luoyang, Eurasia Resources, Freshwater Valley, and the Golden River Group.
The vast majority of the world's land-based cobalt resources are found in sedimentary rock-like copper deposits in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambea, nickel-containing red earth deposits in Australia and nearby island countries and Cuba, and in magma-based and supermagnetic rock in Australia, Canada, Russia and the United States of America.
At the same time, more than 120 million tons of cobalt have been found in manganese nodules and crusts on the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific seabeds. According to the latest data from the United States Geological Survey for 2020, the Democratic Republic of the Congo remains a major global source of cobalt, contributing more than 70 per cent of global production and more than 50 per cent of reserves; and the production and storage of cobalt in China accounts for more than 50 per cent.
Most cobalt is mined as a by-product of copper or nickel, with the exception of cobalt from Morocco and hand-mining from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In terms of consumption structure, China is the world’s largest consumer of cobalt, and more than 80% of domestic demand for cobalt is from the battery-capable industry.
With most of the refined cobalt production worldwide, more than 90 per cent of the cobalt supply dependent on the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), data on company cost structures, product types for the last five years shows that the cost of raw materials is more than the absolute position of the DRC in the global cobalt mineral resources, with the company pre-dating the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2006
After that, the company expanded its reserves of cobalt and copper resources mainly by means of acquisitions: in 2008, three Congolese mining companies, known as Commus, Mikas, Weso, and the initial formation of the resource plate; in 2015, cdm purchased the full rights associated with the p527 mining rights held by gecamines.
In December 2017, Nzc 14.76 per cent of shares were acquired and 12.55 per cent of the kalongwe project was acquired; and in December 2017, 25,500 shares of cashyresources were acquired in Summitreward, control of 51 per cent of the luckyresources and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The company has established a stable local channel for cobalt and copper raw materials through collaboration with local mining companies in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, middlemen, and self-owned procurement networks. Cdm has established cooperation with international mining companies such as Tok, Jianko, Enrc, and large traders in Lubumbashi.
In January 2018, the Rusuxi segment of the copper-cobalt claim area acquisition and development project reached its intended operational status, forming 143,000 tons of copper, 3,100 tons of cobalt and 10,000 tons of anti-smelling liquid (including copper) capacity per year.
The Chinese copper cobalt concentrates were sent back to China for sale as raw materials to the Chinese and Chinese cobalt industries, and to China and China, where other products were sold to cdm at the end of October 2013. For mikas, the Kambove tailings project was completed in June 2013, with an annual capacity of 118,000 tons of copper cobalt concentrate (10,000 tons of copper-containing metals and 1,000 tons of cobalt-based metals), with a complement of 4,000 tons
The project for capacity-building in the treatment of small-scale mines was launched in the second quarter of 2015.
4 mining areas: cdm holds mining rights in Pe527, including two copper-cobalt deposits in Rusuxi (luiswishi), Rukuni (lukuni) and surface deposits; mikas controls the kambave and shonkole mines. Of these, the p527 and kambave tailings are already in production.
The shonkole mine has not yet entered the exploitation phase. 5 mining rights: 2 mining rights (pe527 held by cdm, 13120 mining rights held by mikas in the shonkole mine), 2 tailing rights (mikas)
Of the 9714 and 9715 tailings mining rights held by the company and 1 item on prospecting rights (7879 prospecting rights held by cdm), 7879 prospecting rights have been surveyed and assessed and the total amount of resources in the area has been assessed and the company has decided not to invest in this right.
The advantages of the company's cobalt and copper resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo are mainly reflected in the following three areas:
The company’s subsidiary, cdm, has been working deep in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for many years, and has established a compliant hand-to-hand mining procurement channel, with lower procurement costs. Moreover, by working with local Congolese intermediaries, companies can avoid buying cobalt raw materials from large traders, and
For cobalt intermediates, cdm and mikas together produce about 4,500 tons of metal annually.
Cobalt mineral energy and 2.14 million tonnes of coarse cobalt oxide annual production capacity; cdm and mikas currently own 66,000 tonnes and 30,000 tonnes of electric copper production capacity respectively for copper intermediates (cdm: 14,000 tonnes of cobalt hydroxide + 66,000 tonnes of copper production capacity; mikas: 7,000 tonnes of coarse hydrogen, respectively)
Cobalt Oxygen + 30,000 electric copper production capacity. In addition, the three-phase expansion of the mikas wet process is also progressing steadily. Crude processing of copper and cobalt containing about 10% cobalt to about 30% cobalt can significantly reduce transport costs and further strengthen the company’s cost advantage.
Local support smelting projects (based on cdm wet smelting and fire smelting production lines, and mikas wet smelting projects) to improve the integrated use of resources and to upgrade the raw materials of companies from Figure 29 Congo smelting projects to improve the integrated use of resources
2.2 Accompaniment capacity for intermediate cobalt products is expected to further reduce new energy operations Cost of cobalt raw materials
In the case of cobalt products, the two main production bases will together have the capacity to produce 39,000 tons of cobalt products. Of these, the priority projects related to cobalt products are: China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The project has enabled the production of cobalt products in China, China, China, to be expanded to 30,000 tons of metal, with an increase in capacity mainly for the production of cobalt trioxide and cobalt sulphate, which is used mainly for the direct apogee material of lithium batteries in category 3c, and cobalt sulphate, which is used mainly for the pre-drilling of power cell materials, further ensuring that new energy units are downstream.
In view of the fact that the project to expand production of the company ' s three-dollar pre-reform drive and positive materials will be phased out over the next three years, a significant increase in the production capacity of the new energy panel downstream will ensure that the utilization of the production capacity of the medium- and middle-scale cobalt products is maintained at a high level of 2.3 cobalt-based industry: improved supply and demand, cobalt prices or access to rising corridors.
The distribution of cobalt resources is extremely uneven and highly concentrated among regions and enterprises around the world. The regional dimension is concentrated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where enterprises are concentrated in the Caricom, Luoyang, Eurasia resources, fresh water valleys, and the Golden Rivers.
On 3 December 2018, the Congolese Government declared cobalt a strategic metal, further raising the mining tax rate from 3.5 per cent to 3.5 per cent.
Up to 10%. In May 2019, the Democratic Republic of the Congo introduced a new mining code in which Congolese companies would have to ensure that the subcontractor they hired was national ownership. In the short term, the costs of implementing the new mining code would shift to downstream tourism and promote a rise in cobalt prices.
In anticipation of the widening supply and demand gap in the cobalt sector, the supply-side uncertainty created by the policy tightening will slow the growth of Congolese cobalt-mining production and increase supply-side tensions. The recent change in Congolese policy in August this year was the announcement by the Democratic Republic of the Congo of an indefinite ban on mining companies exports of cobalt hydroxide, carbonate and tin, tungsten and tantalum concentrates.
Free, exports of cobalt-rich hydroxide are expected to decline while exports of low-grade cobalt ore are expected to decline. The main factors are: (1) higher profitability for the commercial export of cobalt-based raw materials than cobalt concentrates; (2) lower tax on the export of low-grade cobalt ore by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo; and, in the case of smelters, the overall cost of cobalt ore ore for the extraction of raw cobalt ore.
In addition, the recent epidemic in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has continued, and the epidemic will affect the mining and marketing of Congolese cobalt in the short term. In the month of January, Carina will officially suspend the production of the world’s largest cobalt mine, mutanda.
It can be said that the Congolese copper cobalt mine will be closed for two years and is not expected to recover soon, and there is still no information on its re-launching to date. The mine is one of the largest copper cobalt mines in the world, and one of the major assets in the Congo, which produced 199,000 tons of copper and 2730,000 tons of cobalt in 2018, and is a key global battery.
One fifth of the supply of metals. In 2016-2019, the share of mutanda cobalt in total carbohydrate production was 86.57 per cent, 87.23 per cent, 64.69 per cent and 54.21 per cent, respectively; of this, the main reason for the decline in the share of mutanda cobalt in total carbohydrate production in 2018 and 2019 was that of the katanga mine.
With no reboot in the Mutanda mine for the next two years, a further four long-term single landings are expected to guarantee the non-rebalancing and digestion of stocks of cobalt production. It is expected that the long list will lock in more than 70% of the projected production over the next three years, and that less than 30% of the production will be delivered to the market.
Production reports for the first half of 2020 show that the 2020 cobalt production guidelines have been reported throughout the year 2019. Production in 2020 was largely in line with expectations, with a total of 143,000 tons of cobalt produced in the first half of 2020, compared to May 2020 and February 2020, respectively, with micore, gem, skinnovation and samsung.
Sdi makes a long list, and the long-term contract covers the entire cut-off period of the mutanda mine. samsungsdi, ssk innovation and gem are expected to account for 70% of the yield guidelines for the next three years.
At least 70 per cent of annual production will be locked in single sheets, and less than 30 per cent of production will be converted into marketed supplies. Primary cobalt supply consists of basically three major components: copper and cobalt mining, nickel and cobalt mining, which can account for more than 20 per cent of the cocoa supply.
The intensification of industrial policy has led to a sharp decline in the volume of hand-held minerals in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2019 to 1.2 to 15,000 tons, which is more than 50 per cent lower than the nearly 30,000 tons produced in the year in 2018 during the surge in cobalt prices. According to the Central Bank of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in 2019, the Democratic Republic of the Congo produced 87,676 tons of cobalt, a decline of 21726 tons, or 19.86 per cent, in comparison with the previous year.
In the context of tighter regulation and shrinking profit margins, it is expected that the supply of civilian mining will contract significantly, while the future impact of such mining on the supply side of cobalt mining is expected to diminish. At the policy end, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is planning to introduce a State monopoly on such mining through a law. On 5 November 2019, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo issued two successive declarations.
Government decree: First, workers who exploit cobalt through artisanal mining instruments must sell the mined cobalt to a new company established by the state-owned mining company gecamines. Second, the Government will set up a regulatory body to ensure that minors are not allowed to operate in or around mining sites.
Later, the Congolese Minister of Mines, Willykitobosamsoni, stated that the epidemic had delayed the establishment of the State-owned company (theintreprise generaaledecobalt (egc)) by at least two months, and that the country was expected to have a company or monopoly on artisanal cobalt trading. Earlier this year, the Democratic Republic of the Congo stated that it would establish an egc company to purchase and trade all non-profits.
Cobalt from industrial production, with a view to having a greater impact on prices. Once the bill is officially in place, it will have an impact on local smelters and traders, mining-related private companies will have to cooperate with gecapines, a new company set up by gecamines will agree to sell it, and local cobalt smelters will only be able to do so.
From the point of view of profit, the low price of cobalt in the previous period led to a reduction in the value of mining in owned mines, a sharp contraction in the profitability of mining, a marked decline in the willingness to exploit and a significant decline in production. At the demand side, the demand for cobalt downstream can be divided into two major subdivisions from an industry-wide perspective: chemistry and smelting.
Gold. The demand for chemical applications comes mainly from consumer batteries (for 3c products) and power cells (for new energy vehicles), while the demand for metallurgy comes mainly from high-temperature alloys and hard alloys. According to data from darton commodities, the global demand for cobalt in 2016 is 93950 tons, and total cobalt demand in 2020 is expected to be higher.
Over 120,000 tonnes/year, an increase of about 30% over 2016; battery consumption is expected to account for the largest and potentially fastest growing end-use of cobalt in 2020. The use of lithium ion batteries in the electric car market is the most important driver of the growth of cobalt demand.
Fields: 1, 3c. Shortening consumption cycles as a result of the 5g switch, and the increase in cellular power levels of 5g will increase the demand for cobalt for 3c products. 2, New energy motor batteries.
Long, in addition to the fact that three-dollar batteries will remain the mainstream technology route for short periods of time, taking into account the growth in the market for new energy vehicles, it is expected that this will lead to a further increase in cobalt in the power cell sector.
According to data from the Ministry of Information and Communications on 23 July, investment in the new information infrastructure, represented by 5g, has increased, with 257,000 new 5g base stations built in the first half of the year, bringing the total number of 5g base stations built up to the end of June to 410,000, with a recent average of new facilities per week.
By the end of this year, we are expected to build more than 600,000 base stations, covering more than half a million cities across the country. The 5g mobile phone market continues to grow. According to China’s three largest carriers, China’s 5g package has grown by 7.79 million people per month, and mobile 5g package has grown by 7.79 million.
Between February and May of that year, China’s telecommunications and China’s 5g mobile subscribers grew at an average monthly rate of 129.36% and 137.85%, respectively. China’s 5g mobile phone stock and the number of new 5g mobile phone sets on the market, except for the sharp decline in February and May of this year, have generally maintained a rapid growth trend.
According to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, in June 2020 there were 2,863,000 mobile phones in China, a decline of 16.6 per cent compared to the previous year; and in the domestic market there were 5,5g mobile phones, which accounted for 1.51 per cent of mobile phones delivered during the same period.
The number of mobile phones is six times the number in July last year. In June, 47 new mobile phones were on the market in the country, a year-on-year increase, with a cumulative volume of 63,597,000 mobile phones on the domestic market and 105 new mobile phones on the market, representing 41.5% and 48.6%, respectively, and it is expected that the demand for mobile phones will rise to a new peak after the epidemic subsides.
The 5g mobile phone single-cell capacity increases the demand for cobalt. Data on the mainstream 5g mobile phone battery capacity averages around 4500 mah, while the mainstream 4g mobile phone is generally under 4,000 mah. Combined with two major factors, namely, the 5g switch tide and the single-machine charge, cobalt consumption in the 3c area is expected to rise by about 15% after the outbreak.
The market for new energy vehicles, both domestic and foreign, has grown rapidly in recent years, leading to a significant increase in power cell output. The global market level, according to Marklines, has grown from 150,000 new energy cars in 2013 to 116.6gwhh in 2013, with an average annual compound growth rate of 43%.
On the domestic market, Root, according to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, in 2019 we sold 1206,000 new energy vehicles in China in 2019.
The share of sales in total vehicle sales is only 4.68 per cent; according to the New Energy Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) (advanced draft), published by the Ministry of Technology and Communications in December 2019, by 2025, our new energy vehicle will continue to be dominated by a three-dimensional power cell with low cobalt in power cells with high nickel power.
The three-manganese nickel material has a greater advantage over traditional positive materials in terms of resource occupancy, value for money, safety, etc. Traditional lithium cobalt-acid power cell power is high, energy density high, and consistent, but the safety factor is low, and the thermal and electrical properties are weak and present relatively higher.
High fire risks, relatively high costs, and environmental pollution. Lithium phosphate batteries are used with greater safety, but in actual production they are filled with large differences, less consistent and less energy density, direct conductors, and motor vehicles are not enough. Currently, the range of mileage applied to lithium phosphate batteries is wide after the application of ctp technology.
About 300km-400km. Compared to these two materials, the tri-materials are more secure and low-cost, and the energy intensity has increased to near-cobalt lithium. It is expected that 350km will continue as a battery technology route at a watershed. Long-duration vehicles will prefer three-dollar batteries with high energy density and less than 350km of phosphate lithium.
The pool is expected to become the mainstream. At present, the ratio of trio batteries in the pure power-car market is as high as 95%, and future applications of the ctp technology to the phosphate lithium battery are expected to see in the low-continuing model of the vehicle.
And the cobalt-free battery product that was introduced in mid-May. Two major events have caused the market to advance expectations of cobalt-free batteries, thereby creating market vibes of triple-dollar batteries. The greatest advantage of the phosphate-based lithium batteries in the Ninder era based on the ctp program (circumculating the module directly into a battery package) is that they carry phosphate-free lithium batteries.
Model3 battery costs are expected to decrease by 15-20 per cent, creating space for a reduction in the price of model3 to less than $250,000.
In addition, two new cobalt-free cell products were officially launched on May 18: 115ah and 166 pieces of cobalt-free long cores, which became the world’s first successful enterprise to develop cobalt-free batteries. According to official information from the cellular energy source, 115ah has a density of 245wh/kg, which matches the 590 standard module, and can be found in most of the new pure electricity currently available.
Platforms; battery packages for this product will achieve a 15-year 1.2 million km quality guarantee at the end of the vehicle. 1 6 pieces of uncobalt-free core capacity of 226ah are currently being developed with a high-end vehicle model in the Great Wall, which is expected to continue 880 km. 115ah is scheduled to be marketed in June 2021, and 1 6 will be marketed in the second half of 2021.
Year to year. Cobalt-free cellular energy is combined with high safety, energy and life expectancy. Tests show that the life cycle of Cobalt-free cellular energy at dod is 2,500 cycles at 92%, which is better than the high nickel three-dollar battery; and that the cobalt-free system increases the content of mn compared to the high nickel three-dollar battery.
Security has been significantly improved; in addition, long-duration performance supports a single charge of 880 km, which can be extended to a new blade battery in Biadi. According to the Ministry of Information, Teslamodel3 is still using a three-dollar lithium battery to verify a cobalt-free battery in the short term.
There are two product models in the list: Tesla tsl7,000bevba0, tsl7,000bevba1 pure electric cars, corresponding to the national product model3 and the four high performance versions, respectively.
According to the results of the tests published by the network, the model3 high performance full-wheel-drive (manufactured in China) vehicle has a continuous mileage, with a continuous mileage test of 635 km, and information from Tesla network and the Ministry of Trade and Tesla indicates that it has a 668 km range and that it can be determined by a very high number of continuous miles that it still uses lithium batteries.
New energy vehicles are expected to continue on board, and the global new energy motor battery will continue to be dominated by three-dollar power tanks, and cobalt-free batteries will not be the preferred type of storage facility for new energy vehicles in the short term. New energy vehicle support policies, both at home and abroad, are expected to boost the growth of the new energy car market.
The new energy car industry during the epidemic is supported by the extension of the source subsidy policy and the newly revised double-centre policy. On 23 April, four ministries, including the Ministry of Finance, issued an extension of the new energy vehicle subsidy policy, extending the subsidy policy from the end of 2020 to the end of 2022 and slowing down the subsidy backsliding and pacing to support the impact of the epidemic.
On June 22, the Ministry of Trade and Finance revised the “double points policy”. In the view of the China-China Air Association, the rate of the 2021-2023 test rose in an orderly manner, gradually increasing the number of new energy vehicles and reducing the impact on the car market by moderate means.
In turn, a combination of the level of renewal of the vehicle, the level of electricity consumption of the vehicle, and the impact of battery energy density on the credits was considered, with greater attention given to the overall development of new energy vehicle technology;4 a fixed fraction of 1.6 points of power-infused mix was given directly, resulting in the elimination of the extremely cumbersome certification process in the comments draft, which greatly reduced the pressure on the enterprise certification and ended at the same time.
There is a dispute over the credits of the plug-in and the low-continuing pure electric vehicles, which will help to facilitate rapid expansion of the plug-in. Overseas, Europe’s multi-country new energy policy continues to add codes, and the schedule of the fuel-barriers indicates that countries around the world will focus on the shutdown of the fuel-distribution vehicles in 2030-2040.
In the area of motor vehicles, there is no change in the general trend towards electricization.
As demand rises and copper prices are projected to enter the low-growth corridor, copper prices are now running at constant high levels, facing a short-term two-tier upward pressure from the macro and the fundamentals, and are expected to maintain a weak shock; new infrastructure is expected to drive downstream demand growth, and a comprehensive analysis of copper is expected to take place in the future.
In terms of the basics of copper, the supply side is strong enough to suppress the rise in copper prices. The supply side has largely recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, with less likelihood of future disruption. The data from the National Association of Mines and Energy of Peru show that Peru produced 199,000 tons of copper in July, a decline of only 2% in the same year; and large mines.
While Chile has continued to extend its “state of national disaster” for 90 days since 15 September, production in Chile's copper mines has remained largely unaffected during the year, with a cumulative increase of between 1.86 per cent and 330.92 million tons in January-July.
Smm data show that Chinese electrolysis copper production in August 2020 was 81.05 million tons, with 8.14 per cent ring growth, an increase of 5.58 per cent in the same year; China ' s electrolysis copper production in January-August was 599.94 million tons, a cumulative increase of 3.39 per cent in the same year.
In the domestic context, the lme inventory is at a historically low level, leading to a long-term upward expectation, and the re-entry of domestic investments with downstream investments is expected to boost the demand for copper. With regard to inventories, the lme inventory is at a historically low level to give a certain degree of copper price.
As the domestic epidemic subsides, the resumption of work has accelerated considerably. Fiscal policy has become more active at the policy level, and the meeting of the Executive Council has made clear the need to increase the deficit rate and increase the size of the local government debt. In January this year, the National Network planned to set the 2020 grid investment plan at $408 billion, a decline of 8.8 per cent.
The initial investment plan for the recapitalization of the electricity grid in 2020 is $450 billion, an increase of 10 per cent over the early year’s plan. In addition, “New Capital” is a priority area for dynamic investment, with railing, 5g capital, super-high voltage, and new-energy car-loading poles, all of which are expected to boost copper demand.
Figure 45 Average price of copper on the colour market in the Yangtze River ($/t) comex, lme copper inventory at historically low levels (tonnes short) 2.5 Cobalt copper plates split in performance
Cobalt price: the projected average price of cobalt1 # of the coloured market in the Yangtze River from 2020 to 2022 will increase at an annual rate of three nickel lithium plates: a new track to create a resource layout, 3.1 a resource end layout of the Indonesian red-earth nickel mine, ensuring a reserve of resources for high nickel lithium electric materials
In the light of the trend towards high nickel in the future and the scarcity of China’s nickel resources, the company has made efforts to “go out” and set up Indonesia in order to secure the supply of nickel raw materials, further entrenching its resource base as the leader of the new energy lithium electric material industry. The three-dollar nickel material has a significant advantage in terms of range renewal, energy density, and material cost, and high nickelization has been achieved.
According to the United States Geological Survey, the world ' s nickel reserves were about 89 million tons in 2018, concentrated in Australia, Russia, Cuba, and Brazil, and China ' s nickel reserves were only 2.8 million tons in 2018, accounting for only 3.15 per cent of the global nickel reserves.
In 2018, global nickel production was 2.3 million tons, and Chinese nickel production was 110,000 tons, accounting for only 4.78% of the world’s nickel production. At the same time, China is a major nickel consumer, importing large quantities of nickel to meet its own demand.
The company's deployment at the end of the nickel resource is concentrated mainly in the Indonesian region, for three reasons: 1) Indonesia is one of the world's richest countries in the world, accounting for more than 10 per cent of the world's nickel reserves, and one of the main sources, according to the General Customs Department, imports of nickel ore and concentrate from Indonesia accounted for the country's total in 2019.
(c) The new Indonesian Minerals Act prohibits all exports of nickel of all grade levels as of 1 January 2020; so far, the company has three main commercial operations in the nickel resource plate:
In October 2018, Chinese nickel cobalt was established through a joint venture between All-China Sun Company, Hua Qing Cobalt Cobalt Ltd., the International Limited Holdings, the World Source Holdings Ltd., the Indoneiamorowaliindustrialpark (imip) and the Long Suncereholdingslicited (longsincere)
(Indonesia) Cobalt Cobalt (Indonesia) Ltd., China went to the Morowali Industrial Park in Indonesia to build a 60,000-ton annual nickel-metal nickel-metallurgical smelting project. In November 2019, China went on to introduce a new investor, the Luo Yangtze Industries, through its fully-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong.
Cmoclicited acquired 100 per cent of the shares of the co-sourced and the co-sourced shares acquired 10 per cent of the shares of the cobalt nickel held by the iimp.
20% of the company ' s (additional) equity thus indirectly holding 10.26% of the shares of Vidal Bay Nickel.In February 2020, with Youngqing Technology Ltd., Jinshik Holdings Ltd. and Ningpo Bangup Times New Energy Co. Ltd.
Shares, 24 per cent ownership of the post-substitution CYC industry through CYOI, 21.6 per cent ownership of the Indonesia Ladaba Energy Co. Ltd., 90 per cent ownership of the pt. wedabaynergi, and CYC mine through CYC.
Wiston purchased 24% of its shares, thereby indirectly participating in the Xudabe energy power generation project in Indonesia, where the company built an annual 60,000-ton nickel-based nickel-wet smelting project in the Morowali industrial park, the company’s core project, the project-related entity, Huayan, which is located at the end of Indonesia’s nickel resources.
On October 29, 2018, the Hua-Yo-Yo Cobalt industry signed a joint venture agreement with SWF International, U-source Holdings Mip, Longsincere on the Morowali Red Nickel Hydrometallurgical Project in Indonesia to set up a joint venture company, Hua-Yo.
US$ 50 million (US$ 347 million), including US$ 29 million, US$ 5.5 million, or 11 per cent of the shares, of the company’s wholly-owned Sun Company, and US$ 5 million, or US$ 5 million, or 10 per cent, of the shares, and US$ 500,000, or 1 per cent, of the shares of the company’s longsincere.
On 8 November of that year, the Chinese company introduced a new investor, the Luoyang Moor Industry, which, through its fully-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong, has acquired 100 per cent of the ownership of the U.S. Source Holdings and 10 per cent of the U.S. Cobalt Nickel holdings held by Mip, thereby indirectly participating in the China Viet Nam Project.
The joint-venture project has steadily advanced, with a strong joint business model guaranteeing the supply of raw materials and downstream marketing routes for the project. The project is being produced in two phases: mixed nickel oxide, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel annually.
In terms of financing, 30% of the total investment in the construction of the joint venture is provided by the shareholders to the joint venture in the form of their own funds or the funds of their associated companies, in accordance with the agreed percentage of contributions;
5% of the total capital invested in construction is financed by a loan from the shareholders of the company in accordance with its share in the joint venture; 65% of the total capital invested in the construction of the project is co-financed by the company and the co-financing unit of the joint venture, including bank loans.
In terms of raw material security, Cinderella International and its associates have nickel resources. The red-earth nickel raw materials required for Chinese cobalt are prioritized from Sink International and its affiliates.
In 10 years of the project's operation, Cinderella International, through its affiliated Indonesian Mining Corporation, guaranteed the supply of priority nickel, cobalt and red earth nickel, and supplies of nickel in tons of nickel. In the case of product packaging, CYC, WWF, and SRI are selling the following proportions.
All the products produced by the joint venture, of which 59 per cent were sold by Hua Ching, 31 per cent by Microsoft Holdings, 10 per cent by SOCs, 10 per cent by SOCs and SOCs and SOCs by SOCs. 3.2 Medium-Sulphate and high-ice nickel enrichment projects are expected to begin to fill the company’s nickel production.
The future trend of high nickelization into triple-powered batteries is expected to lead to a significant increase in the use of high nickel batteries. The three-digit-powered batteries are the driving force of new energy vehicles, while the high-nitro-nitromaterials have significant advantages in terms of range, energy intensity, and material costs. As the power cells move towards high nickelification, nickel is in the batteries.
The ratio has gradually increased, with nickel sulphate having a 31-66 per cent pre-triple drive cost for different models, with nickel high ncm811 having a cost of more than 60 per cent. With the upgrading of the new energy car industry, nickel sulphate use is expected to increase significantly, and demand for nickel in the lithium field is expected to rise.
In addition to the resource end of the nickel plate, the company has two complementary nickel product expansion projects: the 30,000 tons of metal per year with a pure triodynamic battery-grade nickel project, the 45,000 tons of nickel per year with a high volume of metal in the Huaco nickel industry, and the 45,000 tons of nickel per year with a high volume of metal with a high amount of ice nickel project.
The raw material for the solid material, while filling the gap in the company’s nickel production capacity, has brought significant material cost advantages to the new energy business plate. HWAYYA produces 30,000 tons of metal annually in pure tri-dollar power cell-grade nickel based on the state’s municipal industry.
The industrial integration advantages of the cluster, the lithium-cycle town, with nickel cobalt-recycling material, nickel hydroxide as the main raw material, and the choice of advanced process equipment for the production of nickel sulfate products using the pyro-wet smelting process.
In mid-July, construction began officially, with a two-year construction period and a two-year production period. The 450,000-ton nickel metal-rich high-ice nickel project in the Huaco nickel industry is one of the priority fund-raising projects for the company’s non-publicly issued shares in 2020, for a total of up to $6.25 billion.
The project includes four dry kilns, four boiling kilns, four mineral heat furnaces, four p-s switching stoves and ancillary facilities, with 250 mw coal-fired power plants.
High-ice nickel containing 450,000 tons of nickel. The product programme deals with 1.85% of nickel content in the red-earth nickel mine, with 4,144,300 tonnes/year (wet base), producing 57,692 tonnes/year of high-ice nickel products and 45,000 tonnes of nickel-containing metals.
The main advantages of the project are five: 1) Resource utilization is more economical: smelting of the nickel ore in the resource-producing area; 2) Cost advantages are significant: reducing production costs by smelting the nickel ore in close proximity; 3) The complete layout of the downstream capacity of the company ensures the digestion of the additional capacity of the project: in the next three years, company planning will
The fully-owned pre-trio-removement capacity is raised to 150,000 tonnes/year and the jointly-built pre-removement capacity is increased to 130,000 tonnes/year or more. The raw materials required for the above-mentioned pre-removement self-owned and joint-initiated trio-removement are mainly supplied by companies, with the required nickel metal amount exceeding 100,000 tonnes/year. 4) The project process technology programme is well established: the project is proposed.
Using the industry-led process of “turn kiln drying-turn kiln pre-restoration-smelting-p-s rotor sulfurization-blowing”, corporate partners Xiaoshan Group developed deep-dry nickel resources for many years, with extensive firework experience Smelting project experience and technology at a leading industry level, which will provide strong technical support to the project;)
The project site is well supplied with raw materials and the project is well implemented: the site of the project is one of the world ' s richest areas in the world ' s red-earth nickel resources on and around the island of Hamahela, Indonesia, and the local nickel mine is well supplied; in addition, Indonesian coal resources are abundant and of good quality and will be sufficient for the coal-fired power plant that will be built in conjunction with the project.
The project is to be built at iwip, a priority industrial park designated by the Government of Indonesia, with better infrastructure and easier transport in the park. A better model of industrial concentration and integration of minerals in the park provides good conditions for the project to be implemented.
3.3 Share in avz and Hanari, concerned about the forward potential of lithium mines and salt lakes.
The 186 million additional shares issued by the company avz, representing 11.2 per cent of the total equity of the company after the completion of the increase, owned 60 per cent of the Congolese manono project, the manono project being a right-of-exploration project with a potential to find minerals from lithium resources.
In January 2018, US$ 64.4 million was invested in Argentina, receiving 70% of the shares of the company. The company was mainly involved in the development of salt lakes, which began in May 2018.
Manono Project: Initial drilling shows a great potential for lithium resources. The Manono Project includes 13,359 prospecting rights, covering 188 square kilometres, located 500 m north of Lubumbashi, south of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In 2017, the initial drilling was completed by the company avz, and the drilling results showed lithium oxide at depth 235 m.
At depths 202.8 m, lithium oxide is 1.57%; at depths 250.9m, lithium oxide is 1.48%, and drilling results confirm that the lithium resources of the manono project have great potential for future or world-class lithium mines.
The purchase of the 237,500,000 shares of the avz company, accounting for about 9 per cent of the avz, was involved in the development of the manono project and was expected to enter into a formal underwriting agreement with the avz for lithium products; as of 31 July 2020, the lithium industry and the cobalm industry were the first and third largest shareholders in the avz industry.
Arizaro Salt Lake Project: The Arizaro Salt Lake Project is a lithium halogenation project, located in the “Lithium Triangle” region of South America rich in lithium deposits, covering 21,850 hectares, which is one of the largest undeveloped salt lakes known to be in the world. The initial work on this project was initiated in May 2018 by Hanaqargentinasa.
The resource-rich area was completed and drilling work was completed in the first quarter of 2019, and further exploration work is being planned and appropriate extraction techniques assessed.
Large variables for the future, not counting performance splits. Prices: nickel prices are expected to increase significantly in the future, but conservatively projected nickel prices, given that technological maturity is still in place 4 new energy business plates: company core power points for the next three years
The company’s new energy business section is mainly concerned with the development, production and sale of lithium-electric positive material pre-trio drive products. The pre-trio drive product is used mainly for motor vehicles, storage systems, and battery positive materials. The company’s new energy panel consists mainly of new energy states, new energy sources in Huaihai, a joint venture with posco, and lig chemistry.
At the same time, the company is involved in the positive material business of Phuhua, and Leafling. The product is prepared mainly through processes such as synthesizing, washing, drying, etc. The raw materials needed to produce the triad are supplied mainly by its subsidiary, Huatsu State, and are supplemented by the outsourcing component;
The new energy portfolio is the main thrust of the strategic transformation of the company, which is now being applied in large quantities to the international high-end auto industry chain and to the international storage energy market. The company is already in the global headlines of lig chemistry, sk, Ninder, Biadi, etc.
The core battery industry chain: N65 pre-triple drive product through the posco-lgc battery industry chain, which should be used for popular meb platforms, the Renault-Yellow Alliance, Volvo, Fortelle, and new products from multiple high nickel systems have entered the chain of important customers like lgc, catl, Biadei, etc., as well as the automobile industry.
4.1 The “self-built + joint venture” model contributes to the end of productivity climbs over the next three years The overall layout analysis shows that the company has two business models of self-employment and joint ventures in the pre-trillion drive product block, in which the entities associated with the self-owned business model are the subsidiary State of New Energy.
As early as 2017, the company had completed the production and gradually released the production of 20,000 tons per year of production and sales, with the capacity to manufacture 20,000 tons per year; and 10,000 tons per year of production of 3 million tons per year.
The sale of 8830 tons of pre-triple drive; some high-end pre-triple drive products were certified by well-known enterprises such as Basf, lgc, Tanjung, Sugia and entered the world ' s branded automobiles and Tesla storage energy chain, while some 622 products entered the Japanese market in bulk and 811 products entered the small batch production phase. January, April 2018, former company
This was followed by joint ventures with posco, lg chemistry: Huatomipo (60 per cent of new energy holdings and 40 per cent of new energy holdings) with posco, and Joaquin (51 per cent of new energy holdings and 49 per cent of chemicals holdings) with lg chemistry.
Analysis of capacity from the point of view, to date, the company has completed production and is in the process of producing a total capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year before the construction of the 3D: of this, 55,000 tonnes/year of fully-owned pre-demobilized capacity (5,000 tonnes/year of new energy state + 40,000 tonnes/year of new sea energy), all of which have been completed; constructed jointly with lg chemistry and posco
Over the next three years, the company plans to increase its fully-owned pre-release capacity to 150,000 tonnes/year, and the jointly built pre-release capacity to more than 130,000 tonnes/year.
As a result of the current epidemic, the joint venture ' s pre-triple drive expansion project (Wao Yui Pu, Joaquin) has been delayed and is expected to complete production line certification only in the first half of 2021, so the capacity climb period is expected to continue at least until the end of 2022. After 2022, the company ' s pre-triple drive expansion project will be largely operational and expected to be completed in 2023.
Gradually reaching production, leading to the release of productive capacity: China Sea New Energy 50,000 MPR project: stage 1 20,000 MPR has been certified as a product and is expected to move into scale production by 2020; phase 2 20,000 MPR is projected for 2020
The main clients of the project are posco, among others. 5,000 tons of experimental production is under way, and two periods of 25,000 tons of production are expected to start in 2021.
Joaquin’s 40,000-ton high-nose power cell was used for a three-dollar pre-drive new material project: before the three-dollar project, the drive product was mainly supplied to the downstream music company to produce positive material.Fig 55’s pre-mixed drive project is expected to end in 2022 with a steady increase in the sales of pre-triple production, capacity utilization and productivity.
(Tons in kind) (Note: Data is a company ' s equity capacity) High sales rate (Tons in kind, %) Recovering three-dollar pre-drivers project with Posco, lig chemical joint venture, continuation of company adoption
In January and April 2018, the company set up two joint ventures with posco, lg chemistry, Poo Xinghuats, 40% of the Cobalt industry, and 60% of the Posco company, and a group of friends, China's New Energy.
The content and progress of the project are as follows:
The Energetic Construction Project was completed and started in the commissioning phase in December 2019; the company was mainly sold to the Chinese subsidiary of the lig Chemical Batteries Department, the Korean subsidiary, and the Polish subsidiary, which produced 30,000 tons of the annual power lithium electric positive materials produced by Po Xianghua Yu: finished in November 2019.
Product, production line certification, currently under 4m change; 5,000 tons in one stage of trial production, project products sold mainly to lig chemistry and eventually to major new energy vehicles in Europe. 4.2 Products are multi-lined and efficiently spread technology risks.
At present, the debate in the market over new energy motor batteries is mainly focused on two aspects: the technical route dispute and the nickel content of the trio-lithium battery breakdown product. Among these, differences in the technology route are mainly between the three major types of tri-dollar, phosphate, lithium, fuel cell, and the nickel content of the tri-dollar lithium battery is concentrated mainly in high nickel ncm811,
In terms of technology, the current market consists mainly of three-dollar lithium cells, phosphate lithium cells, and fuel cells. Statistics of the top ten enterprise battery sub-types of the world’s power cell load in the first half of the year, with the tri-dollar city taking about a share
70%, the current mainstream technology route. However, according to August 25th, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the first batch of 336 new cars, which contained 253 new energy car products declared by companies, including 32 cars, 64 buses, and 157 special vehicles. The number of phosphate lithium batteries in this catalogue has increased dramatically, to 75%, even though the ratio is high.
The ratio of three-dollar batteries to three-dollar batteries has also been nearly half of the number of phosphate-based lithium battery attachments; there has also been a rapid increase in the number of fuel cell cars, which are not limited to passenger vehicles; there is also fuel power in specialized vehicle products; 10 per cent of the number of fuel cell attachments; and the number of three-dollar battery attachments is in the range of vehicles.
The three types of technologies vary considerably in terms of their nature, depending on the basics of the three basic routes. From the point of view of continuation, tri-dollar batteries have a greater advantage than lithium phosphate batteries, which, in contrast, have a cost advantage in short-range applications (buses, logistics, etc.). As a result, phosphorus is used in the application landscape.
Lithium acid batteries are mainly in low-continuing applications, and fuel cells are in the long-term freight transport area; three-dollar materials, higher energy density and stability of batteries, have a greater advantage in the use of vehicles. In light of recent trends, three-dollar batteries are concentrated mainly in internal adjustments from high to medium nickel; and phosphate lithium batteries are technologically advanced (e.g., at present).
The combination of ctp plus lithium phosphate, e.g. Biadi's Knife Batteries, has been upgraded and its penetration on board is expected to increase; the hydrogen fuel cell is currently in the policy extension phase. It is expected that the three-dollar lithium tank will continue to dominate in the short term, and as technology progresses, the three-dollar battery will gradually diminish its advantage in the continuation.
The future is expected to be a combination of three routes, and market concerns about the significant replacement of the three dollars by the phosphate lithium are largely unattainable, and the company’s operational layout of the pre-triple drive and the positive material is less risky. The core argument for the product type breakdown of the three-dollar battery is in front of the market for the netcm 811-high nickel three-dollar batteries.
Recently, there have been rumours that the Ninder era will abandon the ncm811 system core and shift its internal focus to ncm523, and that the Nender era, despite rumours that ncm811 will remain the main strategy of the Ningde era in the short term, will not change the apparent slowdown in high nickel 811 battery loads since this year.
The BMWX3 with the ncm811 is also more cautious, choosing a cell with an energy density of 154wh/kg instead of an 811 battery with an even higher energy density of 180wh/kg. The market focus shifted from high nickel ncm811 to medium nickel ncm523 is mainly based on safety considerations.
High energy density is likely to lead to safety risks. Experimental data show that the life of power cells will be reduced by about 20% for every 10% increase in capacity, 30-40% for recharge, and about 20% for the core.
The former fires of high nickel ncm 811 were mainly due to policy orientation and consumer demand for a range of key factors: subsidies in 2017, energy intensity linked to 2018, and consumer “mile focus” contributing to a gradual increase in battery energy intensity. Accordingly, now, ncm 811 turns cold and policy changes and techniques are changing.
The first is that the current policy is no longer oriented towards high energy density, but is more focused on indicators of safety, energy consumption, etc., and the second is that technological advances are also ensuring a certain energy density to meet the basic needs of consumers for the renewal of electric vehicles while significantly reducing the safety risks associated with the high nickel content in the core.
In the short term, it is expected that the market will correct the non-diversion from ncm522 to ncm622 to ncm811
Normal technology leaps to the main tone, and the triple battery returns to the more technologically mature ncm523. In the long run, with technological advances, ncm811 safety and battery heat management capabilities are expected to increase and future ncm811 batteries will remain more competitive.
Products such as ncm811, power ncm622, are also expected to expand in the future to ncm9 and ncma. The company’s multi-product line has a strong strategic resilience to risk, both ensuring that the new energy portfolio will operate in a stable manner, while developing the nccm8 product to wait for the future ncm811 power.
4.3 Placing posco, lg, stabilizing downstream to ensure the digestion of capacity The company has adopted a model of joint ventures with posco, lg chemistry to create four companies with two main advantages:
The first is the production of raw materials from the three-dollar pre-diversion product upstream of the joint venture, and the internal integration of the material downstream of the joint venture. The second is the successful entry into the industrial chain of posco and lig chemistry, with the platform of posco and lig as a springboard to the supply chain, locks and locks of the global mainstream car and battery company.
Stable marketing channels and high-quality customers to ensure future capacity release yield digestive rates. Currently, the company has developed a series of products such as nickel ncm523, high nickel ncm811, power ncm622 and monocrystal applications that have been certified by downstream customers and are supplied by internationally recognized battery companies such as Sdi, lg chemistry, etc.
The response chain. The focus is on the development of a series of pre-drive products such as ni60, 65 and 80 powered battery materials, with a new batch of listed new products, new brands of research and development, certification and volume production breaking new ground to facilitate the restructuring of the company ' s product structure and the optimization of its client structure.
The C-tailoring phase of the League, Faulté world-renowned automobile is scheduled to enter into bulk production in the fourth quarter of 2019, and in July 2019 a memorandum of supply with clients of nearly 70,000 tons of binding terms for three years; part 5, 6 and 8 of the new product have entered the chain of important clients such as lgc, catl, Biadei, etc., and the automobile industry, respectively.
In March 2020, the company and posco and their affiliates signed a supply mou in 2019 to a total of about 90,000 tons of long-term supplies through the new energy sources and Puji and their associates in Huai, which are affiliated with an existing order company.
The contract is based on the current market price (product pricing = nickel, cobalt, manganese metal market).
Prices* content + processing fees), estimated at a total contract value of around RMB 7.2-76 billion, account for three times the company ' s pre-thirty drive-up in 2019, and the company ' s business model of self-employment of the new energy block plus joint ventures has been validated.
4.5 New energy business block performance split 5 recycling recovery plates: the final piece of the puzzle for the ecologic of the whole new energy lithium power industry
In March-April 2017, the company established the Revolving Technology Ltd. and Resource Regeneration Limited. In April and August 2017, the company acquired 70% of the Korean company Tmc through the affiliated company HWAO International Holdings, respectively.
At present, the company’s state manufacturing platform has been successfully selected for the first five lists of companies that meet the requirements of the New Energy Automobile Integrated Use Industry. At the same time, the company has been working with a number of well-known companies to exploit the development ladder.
A model of strategic cooperation in waste-for-material exchange with a number of well-known battery companies, and a partnership in the recycling of decommissioned batteries with a number of domestic and international whole-line companies. 5.1 Acquisition of tmc into the lg chain of industry, and acquisition of the Bailun birthing technology to avoid connections
tmc was established on 13 October 1998 and has a registered capital of 1.75 billion won, which covers the export and sale of non-ferrous metals, the manufacture of lithium oxide and cobalt, the re-use of metals for raw material processing, real estate leasing and related operations.
The main products are co-related materials in secondary batteries, including powdered lco scrap, cobalt hydroxide, or cobalt trioxide. The company’s acquisition of tmc has two highlights: tmc owns waste recycling and environmental quality, which is recognized by the Korean government.
Bailun Biotech, which mainly produces natural vitamin e products, was officially launched and sold in October 2014. In June 2015, the new glycerine extraction line was added and completed by the end of 2015.
As a result of the losses in the above-mentioned product operations, BJT decided in November 2016 to stop the production of the corresponding products and to dispose of the related stocks. In 2017, the company plans to transition to a basic chemical industry, and future operations will be transferred to the lithium materials recycling and recycling business area, as anticipated by the management of the enterprise.
The acquisition of Bailun technology shares will provide a strong impetus to the company’s regenerative resource strategy and provide a good basis for the company’s deployment of offshore resources for recycling. At the same time, Bailin’s technology was originally controlled by Mr. Xervetung, one of the company’s real owners.
This associated transaction will effectively avoid competition among peers. 5.2 Lithium battery phase-out peaks are approaching, and the timely 10 billion-grade blue sea market, and the layout of the lithium battery recycling operation, reflects two of the company’s expectations for the market: first, for the future.
The expected high penetration of the energy car market and near-high replacement periods for lithium battery phase-out are expected to tighten the supply of cobalt and lithium resources on the market. Through early deployment of lithium battery recycling operations, companies are expected to pre-empt the market during future peak demand for waste battery recycling operations, while at the same time tightening the supply and demand patterns of cobalt and lithium resources.
The high-speed growth of the new energy automobile industry, driven by policies of convergence, is expected to be largely validated as a result of the phase-out of lithium batteries. The high-speed growth of the new-energy automobile industry has led to a further expansion of the market for power-powered battery recovery.
Because of its own characteristics, the pool contains heavy chemical metals such as nickel, cobalt, manganese and lithium, which, if decommissioned batteries are not recycled, would cause poor environmental and safety problems; and, given our lack of cobalt nickel resources and the fact that cobalt nickel resources are used in large countries, the recycling of power batteries for the enormous value of cobalt nickel resources in the country would greatly avoid the wave of resources.
Cost. According to the report on " Management of Power Batteries ' Full Life Cycle Assets " , the phosphate lithium battery was the majority in our new energy generation from 2018 to 2020, with an expected increase in the end-of-life of three-dollar batteries from 2021 and a greater end-of-life of three-dollar batteries in 2023 than the phosphate lithium battery. At present, our power cell returns.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, which estimates the value of metal elements in used power cells only by dismantling them, China ' s power cell recycling market is now more than 5 billion yuan, and is expected to break by 10 billion yuan in 2020 and reach 25 billion yuan in 2023. At the same time, it is policy driven.
Since 2015, a number of policies have been put in place by the relevant ministries.