On December 6th, the group issued an announcement stating that the company had recently taken up civil affairs with the Cantonese people of Guangzhou.
The Ministry has signed a letter of intent for cooperation to invest $600 million in the development of an agricultural science, technology and innovation industry park (phase I) project to serve as a technology research and development and production base for the big group, including, inter alia, the China Institute, reagent box production workshops and aquaculture.
1. Enhancement of R & D capabilities and maintenance of product power.
At the local level, it is expected that the company’s existing R & D resources will be systematically integrated and expanded, thereby contributing to the public sector’s continuing competitive advantage. The company adheres to the concept of “technology and agriculture” by making the production of fodder its core advantage, with a historical focus on product and technology research and development in 2016.
The annual investment in R & D amounted to $196 million, representing 0.72 per cent of operating income, representing the majority of high-level technological innovation teams working on seedling selection, raw material technology, functional additive development, disease prevention, precision feed development, etc.
It was argued that investing in innovative industrial parks would effectively integrate the resources available to companies and step up the core competitiveness of their products in favour of keeping them in a dominant position in a highly competitive environment and volatile prices of raw materials.
1. " Seaward Group (002311), 2017 Quarterly Review: Aquaculture sales boom, with significant growth in performance " , " Expanding productive capacity to boost growth in the main industry " .
In addition to the construction of the Institute, this innovative industrial park will be accompanied by the construction of reagent box production cars, aqueous vaccine production workshops, microecological agent production workshops, etc.
3- The Oceanic Group (002311), event review: after 10 years of industry expansion, production insurance has been settling, maintaining a high rate of growth in recent years, with microecological products receiving 287 million yuan in 2016, an increase of 63 per cent over the same period.
4- The Mid-Annual Review of the Sea Group (002311), 2017, reports that there is a great deal of room for growth, and that the aquaculture industry is less concentrated, requiring a professional producer like the Department of Public Administration to provide comprehensive support to the owners.
On the one hand, the expansion of WPCs has provided the basis for the expansion of the sales of corporate WPCs, and on the other hand, it has contributed to the growth in the sale of feed in the main business.
China Group (002311): Enhance R & D capabilities to consolidate advantage 3, White Mall, and grow robustly. The company takes advantage of its own strengths, is firmly based on feed, and by building the strength of its feed products, it achieves a growing market share and a reverse level of profitability.
We expect that next year, with a modest increase in pigs, the company pig stock will be expected to benefit from the growth of overall demand in the industry, as well as from the high rate of sales of the follow-up M&A Group, which is expected to reach 2 million tons next year. Water supplies will be consolidated, relying on the restructuring of the product structure to increase profitability, and the area of specialized materials will continue to grow; and poultry will be based on cost control and research and development capabilities to compete for higher prices.
In 2017, the company sold 8.38 million tons of feed (+14.3%), contributing 24.2 billion yuan, and the company’s poultry was slowed by the impact of the H7n9 flu, which is expected to return at a rate of more than 20% in 18 years, amounting to more than 10 million tons. We look forward to the company’s strong product and efficient management procurement capacity as a feed for White Maroon heads, and the acceleration brought about by the expansion of mergers and acquisitions and the introduction of military farming.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and the Sea Group (002311);
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Cheng Yug Liang Awards. The top 10 prizes (eighth place) for research in the industry of the 2012 China Securities Industry Awards were presented by Yang Yang.
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.