The sales of aquatic materials have increased significantly, and the Big China Group (002311), which reports three seasons of financial reporting, has made a huge difference.
The Great China Group disclosed three-quarter reports in 2017, with companies achieving operating income of $26.502 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 32.69 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to parent companies of $1,149 million, an increase of 30.61 per cent in the same year; and diluted eps.07 million, an increase of 26.32 per cent in the same year. Of this, operating income of $11.97 billion was realized in the third quarter, an increase of 43.31 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to parent companies of $631 million, an increase of 27.29 per cent in the same year.
In the case of aquaculture, on the one hand, it is profitable for companies to expand their markets with strong product power and increase their sales, and on the other hand, it is expected that the product structure will continue to be adjusted to increase the share of high-end inflated materials and optimized by increasing the share of high-end inflated materials.
The company is expected to maintain an increase of more than 20% in pig food, which is under pressure from H7n9 flu, which is expected to slow down at 10%. The impact of H7n9 on poultry farming has now been phased out, and the company is expected to return to 20% in 2018.
In September 2017, the company invested $299 million to buy 60% of Shandong's shares, the majority of which are in the majority.
The \triangleright product, developed autonomously, has now developed a complete product system of high-quality pigs using full-priced and enriched materials as core products. 7 factories have been established in Qingdao, Smoking Stations, Penang, Jiangsu, and many have been sold in Shandong, Jiangsu, Hebei, Henan, Anhui, etc.
The company's traditional advantage is South China, where the bulk of the pork sales is concentrated, and the acquisition of the big group will help the public to expand the area where the pigs are sold to the north, especially where the company now covers less of the southern Hebei region, in line with the relatively low number of northern pigs, and will also be a priority for the company's expansion in the coming years. It is expected that the big group's membership will result in faster sales for the company.
Rapid growth, with high-end, front-end product structures, will also help companies to optimize the structure of their pig products and increase their profitability. Business expands cash flow pressure and multi-financing contributions.
In response, the company used multiple financing instruments, increased short-term borrowing and introduced a core staff-holding scheme to ease financial pressures on the one hand, and to bind core employee interests to safeguard the growth of its performance, which is currently stable in hand currency. \triangleright
The company's feed plate has been growing steadily, while looking at the firm's farming, seedlings, and the power of security. We expect the company's net profits to be the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity in 17-19, respectively.
Master ' s degree in accounting, studies in agriculture and food and beverages in 2008 in all acceding countries, in 2011 in Anshin securities, in food and beverages, in 2013 in East Hing securities, and in nine years in food and beverages.
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.