High-Level Group (002311), performance-beneficial sales season, product structure continued to be optimized.
Key financial indicators (in billions of yuan) • Optimization of feed business structures, farming, dynamic maintenance performance: with regard to poultry feed, the outbreak of H7n9 influenza in the first half of the year led to a general downturn in the live poultry market, meat and egg farming
The demand for feed has been reduced by a loss in depth. Because of the higher scale of livestock production, the quality of feed is well recognized, the company is generally low in the poultry feed market, thanks to product formulation techniques, procurement advantages, and product precision positioning.
In the case of pig feed, increased environmental regulation has accelerated the withdrawal of small-scale, inefficient small-scale farmers from the market and increased the scale of the process, which will further enhance the professional and product identification capabilities of farmers.
In the case of aquatic feed, the company has increased its profitability significantly through the improvement of the consumption of water products by residents, through the optimization of the product mix. And thanks to the continued growth of demand in the market for special water products such as yellow fish, bass, goldfish, etc., the sale of special high-level inflated feed is equal to the sale of the same amount.
With regard to farming, the company is accelerating land distribution in South China, Central China, South West China, and has signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Governments of Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, and so on, and is expected to achieve more in the coming years.
Land resources. In the case of dynamic products, as the company ' s largest business species, sales earnings of $213 million were realized in the first half of the year, an increase of 35.12 per cent over the same period, and Māori coverage of over 50 per cent has become an important profit growth point.
In September, the company acquired 60% of the shares of the Shandong Dasin Group Limited with its own funds. The main group, the Bigsung pig feed product, has now formed a high-end pig for full price and enrichment.
To improve the product system for the core products, the products are distributed mainly in Shandong, Jiangsu, Hebei, Henan, Anhui, etc. The products are well-known in the market. As a result of this acquisition, the company extended its pigworks from the south of China to the north.
The region, in the context of a trend towards northern farming in the South and an increase in industrial concentration, is expected to enhance the firm’s core competitiveness in the North market.
Huen Yong: University of Hull, UK, Master of Business Management, main research and tracking area: Large Consumption Report, produced by Chinese securities, is used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider it a customer for receiving this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.