Investment in science, technology and innovation estates, extra-coded feed research and development - Sea Group (002311)
This afternoon, the company announced that it had signed a letter of intent for cooperation with the people's government of the Panjong district of Guangzhou City, with a view to investing $600 million in the development of the Grand Sea Group's Agricultural Science, Technology and Innovation Industrial Park (phase I). 600 million yuan was for the construction of agricultural science, technology and innovation estates, with additional R & D inputs.
\triangleright proposes to finance 600 million yuan from its own funds to build the Grand Sea Group Agricultural Science, Technology and Innovation Industrial Park project, with an estimated total construction area of 62,000 square metres.
The annual R & D expenditure of $196 million, or 18.03 per cent more than in 2015, would include research institutes, reagent box production workshops, aquatic vaccine production workshops, microecological agent production workshops, etc. The product structure is optimized and the Māori rate is expected to increase further
\triangleright tons, over 40% of high-end co-ops, 20% of total Aquatic Māori, nearly 10% of total Aquatic Māori. As the share of Aquaculture rises, the structure of the company’s products continues to be optimized, and in the future.
The company’s high-end inflated materials technology leads, and this investment in agricultural science, technology, and innovation has strengthened research investment in aquatic materials, helping to ensure the company’s leading edge in aquaculture. Industry is well-developed, and feed taps are fast-tracked.
On the one hand, the company, as the leader in the feed industry, will benefit significantly from the ongoing integration of the industry, and the feeder industry will continue to grow steadily: on the other hand, the company’s business layout in the areas of insurance, pig farming, and aquaculture seed production will become an important profit growth point for future companies.
Better layout of the pig feed industry, better synergy with company feed operations, and further improvement of company performance are expected to further increase development of the North market and improve the distribution of company products. Companies are the best feed leader for a steady growth, and the business layout is constantly being optimized, except for feed plates, breeding and farming.
1. "The three-quarterly report of the Sea Group: a steady increase in performance" 2. "The Sea Group Incident Review: A big buy-in group.
• Wang Ling, Head of the Agroforestry Fisheries Group, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in private securities in 2017.
Liu, Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Finance, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry and listed companies. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not influenced by any third party.