According to the Chinese Automotive Research Team in Gaohua, the new version of the two-point management policy for new energy vehicles (8 per cent/10 per cent per 12 per cent requirement in 2018/19/20) reflects the Government's desire to support the development of new energy vehicles in China.
We're assuming 6/10% of the market in 2018/19 in electric passenger vehicle controllers, and if the market share rises to 16% (similar to its market share in 2016 in electric passenger/cargo operations, supported by the current level of potential markets), we think that each share is profitable.
The slow pace of sales of new energy commercial vehicles since then may have frustrated the growth of profits per share in the second quarter of 2017, but I am reporting the disclosure part of the report. (1) The environment for new energy vehicles in 2018-20 will become more favourable: on 13 June, the Ministry of Trade and Communications released a double volume.
Consultation drafts of the sub-management mechanism may further boost the development of new energy vehicles in China; (2) the growth prospects for electric animal currents between the second half of 2017 and 2018 are strong as a result of the signing of cooperation agreements between rookies, Kyoto and east wind and/or upper gas, and the introduction of new energy logistics vehicles in the coming years; 3) the industrial automation industry
The sustained growth in the market share of services should provide strong support for the business as a whole, with low-voltage transformers/servers/1) the market for electric cars growing slower than expected; and 2) the profit margin for the electric car business being lower than expected.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider the appendix to this report on information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
SWITCH TECHNOLOGY: A summary of financial data contributed to this report SWICHATE (300124.sz)
The new version of the two-point management mechanism is expected to boost the sale of new energy vehicles in China; on 19 June 2017, the author was a research team in the auto industry in Gaohua: Yang Yi-bong and Tin Hsing.
The sales of new energy commercial vehicles (300124.sz) have been slow since the beginning of the year; the rate of profit per share in the second quarter may be lower than the trend level.
22 per cent) have been below expectations, with sales accounting for only 5 per cent of the company ' s target in 2017, compared with 17 per cent for the past three years, which may be attributed to the decline in the central government ' s subsidies for the purchase of vehicles (25-70 per cent in 2017 and 30,000 kilometres of road in order to be subsidized).
Nevertheless, after the five-month policy-impact digestive period, there appears to have been a small recovery in sales in June, but we believe that the original sales target of 27,000 buses for 2017 is a challenge. Therefore, we have revised the sales of the 2017 electric passenger vehicle controller in the Hong Kong technology by 9 per cent, which means that the sales of the electric passenger vehicle for the remaining seven months have increased at the mid-digit level (compared to 6 per cent).
Chart 2: The sale of Utopia buses has been slow since the beginning of the year; we have therefore adjusted the sales forecast for the 2017 Hitchuan technology electric passenger vehicle controllers, monthly sales of Utsong buses and the rate of decolonization of sales.
In the new energy commercial car controller business, there has not been a significant acceleration in the demand for a logistics car since the beginning of the year, but we still look forward to the sales prospects between the second half of 2017 and 2018, because: 1) From a demand perspective, we believe that the phasing out of rookies, Kyundongs and/or East Winds, and the upscaling, suggests that automobiles have a strong incentive to promote sales before then.
Figure 3: From the point of view of demand, a number of published cooperation agreements (including rookies, Kyoto and east wind and/or upper steam) will be in the future
The new energy logistics vehicle plan, recently announced by the logistics/electrics firm, was launched during the year, and we revised the sales forecast for the second quarter of 2017 for the electric bus controllers and the electric animal stream controllers, because since the beginning of the year,
The speed of sales has slowed. Currently, we expect revenue from the electric vehicle controller operation to be 898 million yuan (formerly 989 million yuan), with the main Hitchon technology (300124.sz) running a new version of the double-centre management mechanism that will boost the new energy use vehicle sales.
On 13 June, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Parallel Management Scheme for Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Cars (for comments). If approved, the two-part management scheme will be implemented from 2018 for all businesses selling vehicles (including the entire vehicle manufacturing enterprise and the importer regardless of the fuel type).
In the view of our team in the High China Automobile Industry, the requirement for a new energy vehicle percentage of 8/10 per cent per 12 per cent for 2018-20 (without delay) reflects the Government's desire to support the development of a new energy vehicle in China and is expected to generate an increase in the demand for new energy vehicles in the long term.
Quality suppliers on the moving car or industrial chain (for more detailed information, see the report of the team, published on 19 June, on page 3, “Relationship studies”).
Figure 5: Our Chinese automobile research team believes that the two-point goal of the new energy vehicle reflects the government's desire to support the development of the new energy vehicle in China, and anticipates the need for the new car, the sale of the Hitchuan technology electric vehicle controller and the market share.
Figure 7: If we assume that HC technology has a market share of 16 per cent of the vehicle controllers (equivalent to its market share of the electric passenger/car operation in 2016), we think that we should be able to use the technology to provide a more efficient and efficient vehicle.
Profit sensitivity analysis per share, 2018-2019, based on the share of the market in electric passenger vehicle controllers and Māori ratio
In 2016, the market share of new energy vehicles and the current/potential customers of sinks technology was strongly supported by the continued expansion of the market share of industrial automation, with strong performance in the area of industrial automation in the first half of 2017.
The general frequency changer/server/programmable logical controller sales of the technology in Sichuan in the first quarter of this year increased by the same year +76/68/100%. According to the leading indicator of industrial capital expenditure that we have tracked, we believe that this strong performance will continue into the second quarter, as China’s manufacturing pmi remained stable at 51.2 in May (over 50 months after August 2016).
The demand for plant automation has remained strong, as can be seen from the 17% increase in May (the second highest increase in history) in the Taiwan-based component producer Yadele. Similarly, the Chinese business order of Japan’s pilot industry, thisk, created a historical high of RMB 891 million in the fourth fiscal season of 2016.
Figure 10: Monthly machine-bed production since August 2016 and monthly metal cutter-bed production and ratio increase
Business orders created RMB 891 million in the fourth fiscal season of 2016.
21 June 2017 Hitchon Technology (300124.sz) Sales increased by +35/+23 per cent from quarter to quarter.
The potential for expansion of market shares over the next three years is underpinned by the quarterly sale and the same rate of growth of the technology/Anchon Electric/Taidar industrial automation products, although, given the impact of the base period, the high rate of growth of the technology associated with China's industrial capital expenditure in the first half of the year may not have been sustained.
In March, absolute heights were created, but we believe that there is sufficient potential for import substitution to enable GTOs/servers in 2017-19/China ' s top 10 firms in the field of logistics vehicle frequency changers/servers/programmable logical controllers and our market share in the SWIFT technology (300124.sz)
Croci/wacc, and still applies a premium of 10% over a 3.1-fold industry cash return multiplier. 18% of the current stock price of the Hitchuan technology went up to 31%, benefiting from the boost of the new energy automobile business and the continued increase in the market share of the industrial automation business.
Figure 15: We expect that Croci will remain in the lead and return to HST (300124.sz) for 2018-2019 for global automated enterprises
I, Ducie, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities in question. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our selection of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on investments in cash, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry).
(a) Industry: China Jingjiang (a), China Tian Jian (a), China Tian Jian (a), China China Jian Jian (a), China Jian Jian (a), Eston, Liu, Lao People ' s Laser, Unite, China Engineering and Technology, Trinity, New Timeda, Shantao, Segawa Technology, Machine Man, China Jing Jing Jian Jing (a). China Industry: China Jing Jian Jian Jian (h), China Tian Jian Jian (h), China Tung (h), China Jian Jian Jian (h), China Construction International, China Ceng Cha (h), Hai Tian International, China Jian Jian Jianh, Yong Jingh, Lungh, Guangzhou Ceng Electric, China Ceng Cha (h), China Ceng Cha (h)
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Sinkkawa Technology (rmb24.81).
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.