Accomplishments, strong and strong, and industry dominance continues to grow, and companies are first in the country in terms of market share of products such as frequency changers, servers and new-energy passenger vehicle power and control, and use it.
Technological advantages and industry reputations have expanded to such areas as other industrial-controlled products and new energy vehicles. Corporate performance has continued to grow steadily since listing, with a combined growth rate of more than 20% in corporate income and net profits in the last three years, far beyond industry and industry, demonstrating strong competitiveness.
• Growth in industrial controls will result from population substitution, import substitution and industrial solutions capacity, total market value/flow (millions of yuan) and current market share of domestically branded industrial goods in the country is only 35 per cent, with significant import substitution still available
In the meantime, there is an increasing gap between the product performance and foreign branding of the technology and the import substitution capacity. The 12-month high/minimum (millimeter) shift will continue as the demographic dividend disappears and the cost of enterprise employment increases, and the process of replacing manual labour with automated equipment will continue.
Reliance on the success of its elevator integration machines, plastics servers, etc., and the ability of the industry to solve the problems of the short- and medium-term transition to other industries, the company will achieve rapid import substitution and share increases.
Hitchon Technologies - 300124 - 2011 Annual Report Review: Short-term stock — new energy by car, high-end positioning, which will lead to long-term growth in corporate performance
As the company with the highest share of the new energy bus electricity control market, the company has begun to deploy new energy logistics vehicles and a combined power control and power system, working with advanced firms abroad, with the technological base accumulated in the industrial control industry and the best experience of overseas firms, there is reason to believe that the company's new energy motor control will grow into a nation.
The most competitive enterprise in the country. Quite competitive in orbital transport products. The subsidiary Jiangsu Latitude is one of the few enterprises in the country that have access qualifications in the orbital transport industry.
Over the next few years, the number of orbital mileage will double from 2016, and companies will at least stabilize their corresponding operations. The risk of fluctuations in short-term orders and performance; and the risk of policy-impact fluctuations in new energy automobile operations.