This year, the King of Engineering is over-expected to grow, and to build a new one, which will be celebrated on April 19, 2017.
Hua is the founding team of the Emerson gene, which combines the R & D + product + marketing perfectly, surrounding the “one-axis-one-economy” and creating a leading enterprise for intelligent manufacturing and new energy vehicles.
For electrical and Emerson, technology and marketing, as the most powerful start-up team, nuclear team holdings, which currently hold more than 40 per cent of the shares, listed in September 2010, ipo raised $1.94 billion, made three equity incentives in more than six years to share the company.
The company's product lines range from frequency to server, plc, etc., while the new energy automobile industry has become the power pole.
The company’s product market is expected to be more than $100 billion. Industrial control has been recovering for a long period of time since the last three quarters, and the company’s industry is now reaping its harvest.
During this year, the general automation operation will be growing at a high rate, with the city’s share rising continuously. The industrial sector has adjusted for shocks over the past four years and began to experience structural recovery in the third quarter of last year.
Su is the economic cycle of upgrading and automating the equipment manufacturing industry, and the timing and strength of the transition continue to be expected to go beyond the market, and industrial and regulatory firms generally show over-expected growth in the first quarter.
The demand for new and emerging sectors such as electricity, new energy vehicles, on the other hand, will be broken down sufficiently down downstream and provide deep solutions, making major breakthroughs in such sectors as textiles, air pressurers, etc., and achieving full growth in the recovery of the industry, which began in the third quarter of last year.
With 60-70% growth in the plate and this year. General-Video access to $320 million over the last year was received in 2016, with a continuous increase of over 50% as soon as it was rolled out. This year's momentum is expected to be positive for the first quarter of the year.
New-energy motor power poles, this year's electric power and logistics engine, heavy-charged inputs, combined with motor power, have great potential for the future. The company began to use new energy engines in 2009. General-purpose automation has grown faster than expected, with new-energy motor power.
R & D by car, supply with Jiang Huai and others, a slight transformation of new energy buses in line with new energy vehicle trends in 2012 and the development and supply of electricity control for Woo-tung's exclusive, 3 years fast, 3 years fast, 3-tracking subsidiaries introducing new investors, smart manufacturing strategies
First in the industry, more than 100,000 have now been cut off. In 2016, the third stage of equity incentives came to 8.45. 4. Active development of new energy sources.
The company has been working with a number of logistics companies, such as East Wind, Tonto, and others, and will benefit from the industry’s outbreak this year. The company’s heavy investment in new energy vehicles has created more than 300 research and development teams, working with Audi and BMW suppliers to create a new new energy engine.
With a car platform, built in the middle of the 100,000 annual power generation years of the world ' s best standards, the country works with a number of car companies, including Biade, East Wind, Chiré, South East, Jiang bell, North Gas, and the international community has contacts with the general public, Audi, etc., and is looking forward to entering the foreign front-line brand supply system, companies are high-handed in the use of cars, and against the world of Bills, there is a space for future development.
This year’s recovery has been more than anticipated worldwide, and will continue to grow in the future through the strategic guarantees of large foreign clients and overseas markets. Since its launch in 2005, the elevator unit has coincided with the rise of China’s real estate market, which, because of its high value for money and ease of use, quickly occupied and dominated the market, sold about 260,000 last year and a third of the country’s share.
This year’s growth was also higher than expected and related to real estate recovery. Looking ahead, companies continue to infiltrate large international clients, such as Tisonhamber, with more than 5 million successive clients in the past year.
There is plenty of room; the overseas market, especially in India, has taken the lead and opened up new regional markets. The single elevator business is expected to grow by about 10% in the future, and is actively exploring the connection of elevators.
Transport is growing rapidly, with a subway orbital tractor system of 300-500 million yuan, with about 10 billion market space expected to be available each year for the next five years. The domestic market was initially monopolized by foreign investors like Siemens, Bombardy, etc. The South Car Age, the first track in mid-2007, is now more than half the city.
Koda, the leading research and development power industry, successfully passed a pre-passional review of the autonomous urban railing system last year, which is the only private company in the country with an autonomous intellectual property rights and application case, except for the South, and which has been awarded the Sioux 2 line, Extension 2, Line 3, Line 3 line 4 of the subway system.
The company is actively involved in the bidding process, and there is hope for a breakthrough this year. In January, new investors were introduced, with companies accounting for about 70% of the companies in the electric bow area, promising to obtain orders outside Suzhou and Shenzhen.
Our industrial robots have continued to grow at a high rate in the last few years, with about 90,000 of them sold in 2016, nearly 30%, representing 30% of the global market, and maintaining their global priority.
Parts and components, implementation of the Flour Plus Formula strategy, nationalization of essential components such as servers, controllers, industrial visuals, etc., and moving from core components into robotic whole systems in 2016, implementation of the whole machine+ process strategy, launch of scara robots and six axle robots, and bulk.
3c, mobile phone manufacturing, light-voltage manufacturing, led, etc.. The company’s machine-visual products have grown in the field of detection of defects and have grown considerably, with a Volman company formed in the first half of last year and acquired 60% of the shares of Shanghai Lane to obtain string products. The former company has built a sophisticated mechanical design and manufacturing platform, which is a rare industrial machine in the country with access to core parts and components technology.
In the future, ISPs will build up intelligent manufacturing poles in combination with market and industry advantages in terms of industrial controls. Profit predictions and valuations: we expect the net profits of shareholders in listed companies to be 1.210 billion, 1.58 billion in 2017-2019, the dominant position of power control, and a strong layout in the area of vehicle use, taking into account the strong recovery of industrial controls this year and the fact that the system is still in place.
1. Industry and control leading firms, new energy vehicles and orbital traffic development
At the beginning of the 1990s, domestic brands began to grow, and with the rapid growth of popular change in Taiwan, a large number of them were developed.
At this stage, the country’s industrial and regulatory markets are still dominated by foreign capital, and domestic firms’ R & D power is still quite different from foreign investment. At the start of the business: a start-up team with a Chinese-Emmerson gene, leading the research and development power industry.
In 2001, China sold 100% of its share of the flag to the Emerson Electric Company for $750 million, and then acquired it, along with China's aggressiveness and the advanced technology of Emerson. In 2003, it was led by Chairman Chu Jin-ming.
At least 10 of the company’s founding teams, with a similar technical background and business experience, have been employed in Emmerson. The executives and business cadres, at the heart of the General Economy, have covered research and development, marketing, supply chains, quality.
Various sectors of business, such as industry, have been employed in industry-famous enterprises and have long been engaged in technology research and development, product management, supply chain management and marketing in automated control fields, both with modern management experience in international enterprises, knowledge and mastery of cutting-edge technology in the industry and with Chinese workers.
At the beginning of the company’s existence, it had the technological and R & D power of the industry, and was fast becoming a new star in the industry. The wings grew: products and markets were expanding across the board, from adapters to servers, from industrial controls to new energy.
The company started with a transformer, and developed a professional jet in the elevator sector to achieve high-speed growth. The company has been expanding its product lines on the basis of electrical electronic technology and research and development platforms since its listing, and has now been fully configured with high-low-pressure transformers, server systems, programmable controllers, new-energy motor power.
Machine controllers, inter-trading systems and industrial robots have been able to shape the industrial sphere from the control layer to the driver, the enforcement layer, and the industrial level from the automation of industrial controls to new energy vehicles and orbits, leading domestic intelligent manufacturing firms.
Second departure: the share of the industrially controlled market has accelerated, and new energy vehicles and tracks have grown. Since the company was listed in 2010, general automation has continued to grow at a very high rate, far faster than the average industry, and market shares have risen steadily. The company ' s new energy car plate has reached 845 million last year.
Revenue, in 2017, it is expected that the new energy car block will be the second largest business unit of the company, beyond the elevator unit. The transhipment system has a wide market space, and the company, as the only two firms in the country with its own ownership of intellectual property and applications, will become another important pillar of business.
The company ' s net profit growth rate over the past 10 years is about 40 per cent, with the net interest rate industry leading the firm ' s business earnings and net profits growing consistently high in 2007-2016, while Māori 39.1 per cent of the net profit growth of the company has always been consistent with income, reflecting a higher quality of growth.
The company's Māori ratio has been around 50%, leading by 10-20%, and the net interest rate by at least 30%, mainly due to the company's organic combination of R&D, products, and marketing. The company's Troika: R&D+product+marketing is a perfect combination.
Unique industry marketing models: expert marketing systems and lighthouse customers in China, industry marketing: good at taking advantage of the opportunities of industry change, looking for lighthouse users, point-to-face. Companies have inherited a Chinese gene in marketing, with a wolf culture and a professional system in place of "industry."
Marketing+Strategic Marketing is a strategy based on a “direct marketing/distribution” model, supported by a continuously optimized team system that optimizes marketing performance. Companies are very sensitive to industry development and market change, targeting government investment, manufacturing industry upgrading, and new industries and ecology, and looking for better industries.
In 2016, the company undertook management changes centred on industry marketing, in air-pressure machines, textiles, lithium, led, air conditioning and refrigeration.
Industries such as plastic machines, cranes, machines, etc. provide a competitive combination of electrical solutions or industries.
Strong technology support, quick response. With high and sustained R & D inputs from companies, strong technology platforms and product platforms have the advantage of high value for product and responsiveness to clients. Keeping in line with the best technical talent, long-term R & D
Persistence and input are the driving force behind the company's ability to do more, and the basis for its ability to provide excellent industry applications and efficient services for marketing products. (2) Combining the “direct sales + distribution” model.
Use distribution models that are close to customers to maximize the use of market resources and give timely attention to responding to market demand: adopt a direct marketing model for a small number of high-volume and individualized priority customers.
3. Professional and systematic team support. The company ' s continuous optimization of team management results in a system engineering effort: managers are involved in client outreach, sales personnel are trained to meet specialist marketing standards, and distributors and company employees work together to expand the market.
Elevator one-stop machine: A remarkable drop-down, addressing the pain in the elevator business, quickly took over the market. After extensive research and analysis of the elevator industry, the technology introduced the elevator one-stop product.
The combination of the frequency and control panels reduces the cost by more than 50%, while reducing the debugging time for each elevator from half a day to half an hour. After the launch of the single elevator machine in Hong Kong, the elevator was resolved.
Full hydraulic, full electric and liquid blending. Full hydraulic structures are simple, low-cost, but energy consumption is high and control accuracy is low. Full auto-savings can be more than 70%, precision and reliability are high, but they are too expensive.
As a result of this improvement, energy losses are very low, and the cost is much lower than the full-power rate. Hitchon has developed an electric hydraulic respirator for the rise of a mixture of electric fluids, with a saving rate of over 40%. The company's corrosion server has grown from less than 2 million in 2008 to nearly 190 million in 2011, and now occupies the country.
New Energy Automobile Control: To become Woo-tung's exclusive supplier, leading industry trends. After the huge success of the one-air elevator operation, Hitchuan technology was very precise in seizing the opportunities of the domestic market for new energy passengers and cars.
In 2014, it became the largest supplier of domestic power-controls, and the production of a single product became a standard configuration to be emulated by its peers. The new power source for the current transfer technology is now over 100,000 cars, the industry is far ahead, and its new energy vehicle is controlled.
Combined rate of increase in 2011-2016 was 105%. Integrated content: power drive controllers, generator controllers, switch to electrical controllers, dcdc, high voltage distribution
Research and development (R & D) continues, industry leads, companies generate 9-10% of their revenues and are at a high level of industry.
Reciprocal management, marketing, etc., professional literacy and profound understanding of local markets, with sustained attention and a high degree of emphasis on R & D. In 2013 - 16, corporate R & D personnel each received 114 patents for skin design and 121 copyrights for software.
The combined Māori rate of corporate products has remained at a high level of about 50%. At present, the company has become the largest provider of medium- and low-voltage transformers and server systems in the country, leading the country’s new energy motors and controllers, and also leading the industry in the area of elevator integrated controllers.
The company is working on nine major projects, with a national production of the subway towed system expected to be completed in 2017. Test machines and new vehicle power control are being developed. Currently, there are three projects in the company ' s transformer category, one in the new energy generation, one in the industrial robot, one in the control category, and one in the elevator video machine.
Year after year, the national production of the subway towed system will be tested, with a new generation of motor controllers with centralized holdings, equity incentives to protect the escort, and a higher share of the company's core team.
The executive director of the company held more than 40 per cent of the direct and indirect shares and management held a higher share. As at 31 December 2016, the director of the company, Chu Heung Minh, invested 43 per cent of the shares in Sinkcheon and 8.28 per cent of the shares in the inter-office, together with 5.75 per cent of the direct holdings, held a total of 14.03 per cent of the shares in the company.
The company actually controls the owner. The company has 24.97% direct holdings, over 14.78% of indirect holdings through Sinkuan investments, over 40% of direct and indirect holdings by the company director, 3 shares incentives for management, and a strong core team.
Since it was listed, the company has introduced three equity incentive schemes, covering essentially the middle- and upper-level nuclear cadres. In 2013, the company introduced its first round of equity incentives, granting 2.52 million stock options to the core cadre of 227 technologies and businesses, representing approximately 3.48 per cent of the current total stock of 38,88 million.
In 2015, the company introduced a second round of equity incentive programmes, which awarded 4.590 million restricted shares to 174 middle-level managers and nuclear technologists. In October 2016, the company announced the inclusion of company directors, executives, middle-level managers, core technical (business) personnel.
The Division ' s equity incentive has largely achieved full coverage of the middle- and top-level core, and the full sharing of staff into the third phase of the equity incentive programme is the most extensive coverage to date. The management and the workforce are fully motivated. The third phase of the company ' s equity incentive is one of the most extensive coverage so far.
According to the company’s announcement of 12 October, the total cost of the company’s estimated equity incentive at the current stock price would be US$0.06 billion, with a smaller share of the company’s profits. By implementing this equity incentive, full mobility would be achieved.
The company has been more cautious in terms of extended M&As since it was listed. The main objective is not simple.
In October 2015, the Ministry announced its intention to use up to 800 million yuan yuan to initiate or participate in the establishment of several industries.
The M & A Fund; the November 2015 announcement that 100 million yuan will be allocated to fund investment in smart equipment and hardware industries in recruitment innovation and an additional 200 million yuan in January 2017, with a cumulative contribution of 120 million yuan; and the January 2016 announcement that 140 million yuan will be allocated to set up the M & A fund for investment in the German-speaking European region
Kim, new energy vehicles and smart manufacturing, announced in July 2016 to pay an additional $360 million, with a cumulative contribution of $500 million. We expect that after additional funding, corporate M & A funds will move faster in Europe, and the company is expected to continue to launch or participate in the next round.
Introduction of an industrial merger fund to speed up the company's growth in core components, mes systems, systems integration, etc.
The demand for industrial automation recovered in the second half of the year, and this year there will be better growth, and the industrial automation market will recover in the second half of the year and will continue to grow this year. In 2016, the industrial control services market will be about $40 billion. Industry orders will grow better in the first quarter of 2017, and we expect to work all year round.
The growth rate of pmi, fixed-asset investment, electricity, etc. has continued to improve, and the recovery of the industrial sector is expected to continue throughout the year. China’s manufacturing pmi and industrial control index are highly relevant.
Demand will continue to improve in the industry. Fixed-asset investment has increased steadily since August last year, reaching 7.9% per month in a single month in March, reflecting a good improvement in real production.
The machine-beds, the largest segment of the industrial oem market, represent the demand for downstream industries. The first half of 2016 has seen a steady decline in machine-bed production, and the demand has improved significantly since the third quarter of last year, with a negative shift in the rate of growth and year-round metal cuts.
The value-added of the utility and specialized equipment industries has continued to rise at the same rate as the previous year, and the demand for enhanced certification of enterprise production activities has improved. We have a better momentum in terms of generic equipment and earmarking in 2015, and we expect the recovery of industry demand to continue this year.
The oem sector, such as 3c, lithium and electricity, has grown rapidly and demand for products such as low voltage transformers, servers, etc. Maintains a positive growth trend and contributes to the steady growth of the oem sector, while project-based market demand has been dominated by investment in heavy industries such as petrochemicals, metallurgicals, etc., and the market has continued to decline.
With a 6.1 per cent increase and a 4.6 per cent decline in the project-based market, the oem market has grown from 42 per cent in 2009 to nearly 50 per cent in 2016, and we expect the oem market to continue to grow better over the next three years, mainly for low-pressure transformers, universal servers, small and medium-sized plcs, etc.
The product will also grow better, and its performance will outpace the project-based markets of dcs, large plc, and the upgrading of the manufacturing industry at the right time. It will boost demand for industrial and regulatory solutions. Population ageing, rising labour costs, will contribute to the upgrading of manufacturing automation in the country.
As a result of long-standing family planning policies, the demographic structure of the country is changing, and since 2010 the demographic dividend has been disappearing. At the same time, the wage levels of manufacturing workers have continued to grow, and the average wages of manufacturing workers have increased from $875 million in 2000 to $55324 in 2015, with the manufacturing sector rising.
China’s good manufacturing of 2025, and the country’s capacity for innovation and manufacturing will continue to rise. In 2015, to meet the challenge posed by the German industry of 4.0 and the US industrial Internet, China’s manufacturing policy will continue to grow.
The State Council has published China's “three-step” plan for manufacturing 2025, which aims to achieve the strategic goal of creating a strong country by moving in three steps, in an effort to move in 10 years to a more powerful country. China is making 2025 to deploy nine strategic tasks and priorities, with special emphasis on manufacturing innovation, smart manufacturing, and industrial infrastructure.
After that, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance, etc., have issued a number of accompanying policies and provided financial support that will boost China’s intelligent manufacturing to the new steps. The equipment industry will be upgraded at the right time, and the demand for industrial controls will move from product competition to a solution.
Program competition. Although we are a world factory, there is still a large gap between the level of automation in manufacturing and Europe and the United States. As China produces 2025, smart manufacturing has been added to the national strategic focus of support, with the structural adjustment of demand and supply side reforms in recent years, the country ' s machine tools, textile machinery, etc.
The equipment manufacturing industry is the foundation of the entire industry, and the upgrading of our manufacturing industry is beginning. The upgrading of the equipment industry means that the manufacturing equipment will shift from simple, crude mechanical processing to higher precision and more complex processing, in terms of industrial control.
More sophisticated and stable control devices, closer to industry-specific applications in the design of the industry prosecution case, will significantly increase the demand for industry solutions and push the industry to compete from generic products to industry-specific solutions.
New applications for industrial upgrading, new and emerging industries are important import alternatives for domestic brands, and domestic brands are more expensive than domestic brands. There are advantages in localization, such as rapid response and good after-sale services. Domestic brands have cost advantages in competition with foreign brands.
Foreign brands are still largely developed overseas, with less efficient decision-making and implementation. Local brands are developed, produced, and sold domestically, and industry-specific applications to dry customers can be quickly determined.
The solution, which is highly efficient and responsive to the needs of clients for short supply periods, is better than foreign firms in terms of response time and labour costs at the post-sale service chain.
Foreign brands, because of their early entry into the Chinese market and their mature products, have taken the lead in most industries, with a wide range of industry applications and many engineers familiar with their own product applications.
The production of a factory plays a crucial role, and since each industrial brand basically has its own independent development platform and programming system, it takes a lot of effort to replace a new brand after the client's engineers and technicians are familiar with the programming environment, the debugging methods of a brand.
Newly adapted products make it easy for many customers to change brands of products they use. However, the new applications of the upgraded industry have led customers to re-engineer their own products and automated systems, and the new industries have meant entirely new applications of industry solutions, making home brands and foreign brands available.
The company's product lines are well-structured, and the ability to provide system solutions has been greatly enhanced.
It now covers a wide range of products ranging from the control layer, the drive layer, to the execution layer, including plc, the human interface, the transformer, the server system, the ddr electric machine, and machine visuals. The company’s autonomous water has increased significantly since it was listed, and product reliability has been optimized, and it is available to a small number of people in the country.
Enterprises with holistic solutions will take the lead in industrial upgrading and industrial change. Universal servers: a high downstream view will continue to grow at a high rate. Universal servers benefit from a three-fold increase in the general trend of automation over the past 10 years and are expected to be compounded over the next five years.
The server system is a feedback control system that accurately follows or reproduces a process, which controls the location, angle, speed, etc., usually consists of a server driver and a server. As the country ' s manufacturing automation is increasing, the common server market sizes follow.
Three billion in 2008 has grown to 8.6 billion in 2016, nearly threefold. With the rapid growth in the 3c, lithium, etc., we expect that the high demand for downstream services will continue, while industrial upgrading will drive equipment manufacturers to develop higher-end products, which are expected to be available in 2017.
There is a high demand in the 3c, lithium, robotics, etc., and a high rate of growth in the servo industry.
According to statistics, the share of servile products in the area of electronic manufacturing equipment in 2011 was 7.8 per cent, with high growth in the lithium electricity industry driving demand for servile services, and continued double-digit growth in the volume of industrial robotics. We expect electronic manufacturing equipment, lithium power, machines over the next five years.
There is a huge space for universal servanda import substitution. The overall pattern of the servo industry is visual, Euro-American, and native brands, which have reached nearly 25% in recent years.
After almost two decades of accumulation, the U.S.S.S.S. is gradually moving beyond the U.S. and U.S. brands into the second team, but there is still much room for improvement, regardless of Taiwan's platform.
Servers are included in China's 2025 priority development area, and there are no complementary policies to encourage local branding, represented by Hitchuan technology, which is expected to increase by more than 50% by the next year, with the expectation of replication of low-pressure changes.
The R & D Centre was established in Italy in the year, with the introduction of a dedicated R & D closure for the service by the research and development staff of European companies and targeted technical guidance, and, after repeated testing and refinements in 2012, successfully launched the servile 600p/is620p series in 2013 with rapid positioning, trajectory plugging
A breakthrough was made on performance indicators such as supplemental, multiaxis synchronous controls, and in 2013 the company began to test a wide range of industries to get a favourable rating from its clients. The 620 series of servers leads the other indigenous brands and the Taiwan brands, with better performance than the Delta's service series, and the middle and upper end of the solar brand.
The series began its full roll-out at the end of 2013, with a 50% compound growth in 2013-2016 and a USS over 300 million revenue in 2016. We expect more than 50% growth in corporate utility products this year, and future replications in low-pressure variants will continue.
Alternative foreign brands are expected to reach a billion size in three years, and enter into the solar first-line industries General low-pressure variants: significant marketing performance in the industry, with city-to-place competitions. Downstream industries such as elevators, wind power, textiles, cranes, machine-beds, etc., in 2015 and 2015.
The industry as a whole fell in 2016, but it improved since the second half of 2016, and in 2016 there was a steady rise in the number of good local brands, such as the Sinkkawa technology, into the second camp. Low pressure transformers used to be divided into three main camps, Euro-American, Japanese and domestic brands, and domestic.
In 2016, the share of the market for low-voltage transformers in Hong Kong was about 6% and 4% (including general low-pressure transformers and special-purpose transformers).
Companies sell their products by process, catch trends in applications such as textiles, electric car air conditioning, and have significantly increased the rate of oral substitution. Companies are well positioned to take advantage of the process of economic transformation to improve quality and efficiency, and to rapidly increase the city’s rate of occupancy through executive jets and solutions. In the air-pressure field, traditional pistons.
The compressor is powered by pressure relays, and the compressor is activated by a large electrical and mechanical shock that is vulnerable to damage and costly to maintain.
Avoiding electrical and mechanical shocks increases the useful life of compressors and compressors, and air-pressures are the highest in the industry. In the textile sector, companies press ahead with new applications in the industry, launching 7 axle products, equipping their own controllers, hmi, etc., to provide industry solutions and achieve sales.
Much more than that, the client re-engineer the air conditioning system, and the company seizes the opportunities of the industry. We expect this year's recovery in the low-pressure transformer industry, while the company is growing rapidly in the new energy sectors, car air conditioning, air pressurers, textiles, etc., in the metallurgical, paper, lifting, etc.
It also grew better, with companies expected to increase their low-pressure transformer operations by more than 40 per cent in 2017, with a real current income of $850-90 million. Moreover, while the share of low-pressure transformer technologies in the low-pressure transformer industry has reached its third level, with the exception of the elevator unit, the general low-pressure change frequency in 2016 was only $600 million.
In 2016, abb was sold at around 2.3 billion, Siemens 2.1 billion, and the share of the city’s market is still low. Given the company’s continued import substitution over the past decade, the general low-pressure transformer frequency is expected to exceed $2 billion, impacting on abb’s industry’s top position.
General high-pressure transformer: A breakthrough in the marine industry enters the harvest period, high-pressure transformer is mainly a project-based market, which has continued to decline in the last year and is expected to return slightly this year. The downstream customers of the high-pressure transformer are concentrated in electricity, municipalities, building materials, petrochemicals, petrochemicals, petrochemicals, etc.
Chemicals, mines, metallurgy, coal, cement, paper, etc., are mostly State-owned large industrial and mining enterprises, with a market share of 88.7% in the seven major industries up to 2015, as the project-based market continued to slip over the past few years, and our high-pressure transformer market also shrunk, with a decline of about 10% in the same year in 2016.
This year, under pressure from economic growth, government investment is expected to improve in the same year, and the high-pressure transformer market is expected to rebound. The high-pressure transformer frequency in the river has already made a breakthrough in the seaworks sector, and will begin gradually to harvest.
The high-end market for high-voltage transformers is largely monopolized by abb and Siemens, and in 2013 Hitchuan technology began to establish a special Ministry of Engineering Transfers, dedicated to high-voltage variants in large project markets, and to retrenched kl10-4 marine rigs with a full frequency-driven system. Last December, Zhenhua,
The heavy industry company, Yong Yinghua Marine Engineering Co. Ltd., received an order for 2,000 tons of offshore wind power, which is currently the world’s largest lifting capacity. The technology will provide a full md 880 high-performance multi-power transmission for 2,000 tons of wind power.
The power-driven system, with 84 power-driven stations, has a total power of 15mw. We think that a breakthrough in the seaworks sector was only the beginning, that last year, Hitcha earned only tens of millions of dollars in high-voltage variants, and that in three to five years, the company's research and development investment in the high-voltage variants would gradually enter the harvest period and grow empty.
plc: Medium-sized plc will start to work and the market will grow slightly last year, driven by oem demand. Demand recovery is expected to grow by 5-10% this year.
Industrially controlled computers, the brain of industrial automation systems, control of all kinds of machinery or production equipment, are widely used in almost all industrial areas. In 2016, the market size of the country ' s plc was about 7.3 billion, a small increase from 2015. Of these, the market for oems was close to 60%, and the project-type market.
About 40%. Due to better demand in the oem market in recent years and a steady increase in the share of the industry downstream of plc, the whole plc market has grown steadily. We expect industrial automation to increase and the plc market to remain in place in the medium and long term, as a result of the process of upgrading China’s manufacturing transformation.
Small and medium-sized nuclei are used mainly in the oem market and are expected to be higher than the industry as a whole. Plc can be divided into large, medium, and small by i/o points, with more points, the more complex the control relationship, the higher the required storage capacity and stability.
The market capacity of oems is 3,407 million or 57.16 per cent, of which 77.96 per cent is small plc, while the market capacity of project types is 2,553 million, of which small plc is only 6.42 per cent. The main reason is that most equipment in the oem industry has few variables to control and the overall automation of the project market for the plant.
Since the main increase in the market for plc in the next few years comes from the oem market, we expect that small and medium-sized plc will grow faster than the industry as a whole. With the introduction of the medium-sized plc upgrading solution, the city’s share will increase rapidly.
The former market for plc is still dominated by foreign brands, which account for about 10% of local brands, and there is still much room for import substitution. The previous year, the Sinkkawa technology introduced medium plc, combined with sales of company-based transformers, servers, etc., to promote marketing of the overall industry program, with a steady increase in the share of the market in 2016.
In the next three years, we expect a 40% growth in the public sector’s operations. The industry will rise steadily in the future, as the demand for the manufacturing engine rises.
In the second half of 2016, as the economy began to warm, there was a recovery in the demand for remodelers, for example, Ningbo Tianhai International, the leader of the plastics industry, with revenue of 3,898 million in the first half of 2016, a 0.51 per cent increase compared to the previous year, and a total of 8,103 million in 2016.
At the micro-firm level, Guangdong Yi’s sophisticated machine issued an advance report for the first quarter of 2017, which increased profits at a rate of 312-32% per quarter. Thanks to the urbanization process and higher income levels, we expect the plastics industry to remain secure this year.
The electric fluid mixer is the leading industry, following the trend of full electrodynamic motorization.
In recent years, the proliferation of new synthetic materials and the achievement of qualitative breakthroughs and innovations have led to a growing use of high-precision plastics. The introduction of energy efficiency standards for plastic machines, and the growing green environment values of people and governments, have led to an increase in the use of high-precision plastics.
In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of full-power fine-engineers, and in the future, the full-power emulators will be the backbone of the country's plastic-plastic technology. The development of the full-power-plastic-plastic controllers is continuing.
A deep understanding of the needs of customers and a strong R & D capability, supported by a build-up of the business in the field of a plasticizers, will occupy a favourable place in the process of full electrodynamicization of the accumulators. The Ministry of Electricity and Liquids integrates deeply with its subsidiary, Eastton, to provide "computer+drivers+electrics."
Systems solutions. In 2013, the company acquired Nimba Istcon, which is the lead firm for the emulator control. The controller belongs to the "brain" of the emplastic hydraulic system, the domestic emplacing system, which is largely dominated by the controller production enterprise, and Sinkakawa and Ningpoithón cooperate through sales.
Sharing of resources with clients, as well as "packaging" sales to provide a range of solutions for "computer+drive+electrics" that can boost the sale of products such as Hitchuan technology servers, electric machines, etc., and, in the same time, promote faster growth of the Ethno-plastic controllers.
Eastton's revenue is $395 million, an increase of 38 per cent, and we expect the company to re-engineer in 2017.
The development of new energy vehicles has become an international consensus, under the dual pressure of the depletion of oil resources and high levels of environmental pollution. Our 13th Five-Year Plan defines the strategic position of green low-carbon industries and stresses once again that by 2020 we will be able to develop new energy vehicles in the world.
With the introduction of the new subsidy policy, the new energy vehicle industry is on track. 2016: the promotion of the catalogue was delayed and the subsidy policy changed, and new energy vehicles were modified.
In 2016, we produced 517,000 new energy vehicles, an increase in the same year, of which 409,000 were electric, a 65 per cent increase in the same year, and 98,000 hybrid vehicles, a 17 per cent increase in the same year.
Monthly sales were relatively stable, with the fourth and fifth batch of promotional catalogues available in the last two months, more specialized vehicles coming out, and a boost on sales. 2017: sales were warmed back, new energy cars were significantly improved in March, and annual releases were made.
According to the China-China Air Association, our new energy output in March was 3.3 million and 311,000, respectively, an increase of 30.9 per cent and 35.6 per cent, and the ring was 83.7 per cent and 76.9 per cent more than in February.
The car is expected to return to heat in April, and we judge that two quarters of the new energy cars are on fire, with a year-round release pace ahead of schedule. The Beijing new energy vehicle target is 60,000 in 2017, the personal allocation target is 403,000 in February and the unit allocation target is 2601 in six months.
The Beijing market is expected to see 10,000 vehicles per month in March-July, which is expected to boost national sales. In the second half of the year, the national incremental market will be the bright spot, with micro-cars entering three or four-line cities in economic terms, bringing about a new incremental market.
On 1 April, part of the letter was published in the catalogue of recommended vehicles for the promotion of new energy vehicles, series 1, 2, 3 related models and main parameters, with 185 new energy vehicles in the first batch, of which 73 were used, 76 passenger vehicles and 36 logistics vehicles; and 201 new energy vehicles in the second batch.
Of these, 36 by car, 128 by bus, 60 by logistics; 634 by new energy vehicles in the second batch, 38 by bus, 454 by bus, 142 by logistics. We believe that the three promotional catalogues in 2017 were expected to be huge in terms of time and quantity.
In 2017, 750,000 new energy vehicles were expected to be sold and 2 million in 2020. This year, the second batch of boosted catalogue bus models was expected to be adjusted at a faster rate than expected, with a bus-to-car electricity subsidy of 2160.
Specialized cars are expected to remain stable this year because of their economic and profitability and the high motivation of logistics companies and cars, which are expected to increase in sales this year. The lower cost of the vehicle a00 level, which is less affected by the fall in subsidies, is expected to be rapidly distributed.
Growth: level A cars are concentrated in the second-line buying city and taxi market, which has not yet been launched, but based on the new energy vehicle allocation target of 2017, no significant change has occurred, and subsequent sales will move ahead with the annual release pace, will be released significantly in the second quarter, will be sold in the third and fourth quarters, and are projected to explode throughout the year.
Bus: Woo-tung passenger vehicle strategic collaboration, expecting the electric power supply to bring extra expectations.
The goods were the biggest orders in the industry. The new power motor controllers and the company's traditional master adaptor were based on electrical electronics, and the company had been laid out long before it came to the market. In 2008, the new energy car department was set up, providing a power-driven system for the Gilly Panda.
In 2010, Jiang Huai placed 585 first-generation hybrid cars in the city of Toyoshi, using power from the transfer technology, and in 2011 Jiang Huai purchased 800 additional electric motor control units from the transfer city.
At a time when the new energy automobile industry was still in its infancy, it was the largest new energy utilization in the country, turning gradually into a new energy bus from 2012 to become the industry’s leader as Woo-tung’s sole supplier. In 2012, Jianghuai started to establish a subsidiary to produce electric power controllers, many new energy sources.
The drivers have also started testing water autonomous generator controls, while the bus factories are relatively more open, thus gradually adjusting their strategy to concentrate resources on the development of new energy bus power control. The company quickly targeted Woo-tung bus as a “lighthouse customer” for breaking through the new energy bus. In late 2012, the company agreed with Woo-tung.
In 2013, the company signed a three-year exclusive cooperation agreement with Woo-tung: in 2016, the company entered into a second three-year cooperation agreement with Woo-tung. In cooperation with Woo-tung, Sumikawa played an excellent role in his marketing strategy.
The role of the supplier is to gain a better understanding of its needs, to cooperate in research and development, to innovate in the integration of electrical, power-aided, auxiliary and air-conditioning controllers, and to actually reduce the cost of the three-and-a-half products that have been developed for Woo-tung, and to be the standard that industry is following.
Of the new energy bus clients, the Woo-tung bus is the first new energy bus provider, with a long-term future and active outreach to other customers. According to the competitive pattern of the market, in 2016, the highest volumes of electric power were found in Woo-tung, Biadei and Midtown, with 214,000, 14,000 and 1.17 million, respectively.
Tens of thousands, or 40.82% of total production, are higher than their concentration in 2015. In 2014-16, the production of Yutong ' s new energy bus rose from 02,000 to 214,000, and the share of the total national production increased from 16 to 19%.
The cost, and the need to upgrade technology to pursue higher subsidies, can be expected to further concentrate future sales to powerful car firms. At the same time, companies are actively expanding other passenger-car manufacturers, and new customers such as Nanjing Golden Dragons and Silver Dragons are emerging.
The third-generation power supply is expected to bring about a new breakthrough. In addition to the power control products, the company's new electrical products are about to be marketed, and the company's partnership with Woo-jung has been going on for years, and we expect the company to be expected to supply the third generation of customers like Woo-tung this year.
The company will also provide power aggregates in the future, based on the technology that currently exists in the gearbox. Logistics vehicles: industry is expected to double, and companies enter multiple vehicle supply systems.
The list of new subsidies is over-expected, with more than 400,000 new energy logistics vehicles projected for 2020. On 23 January 2017, the Ministry of Information and Technology released the first catalogue of new energy vehicles, of which 36 were imported into the perimeter; and the second catalogue included 201 vehicles.
In 2011-February, only 313 and 185 electric cars were sold, respectively, mainly due to the timing of the introduction of subsidized policies and promotional catalogues. Because of the economic and policy advantages of electric cars, the market is more demanding for electric animals.
There will be an outbreak of growth when local government subsidies are in place. There will be 10,000 vehicles in 2015. We expect that new energy logistics vehicles will double in 2017 and will be sold in 2020 at a time when companies will seize the opportunity of a new energy logistics vehicle explosion, with more than 100 million revenues expected in 2017.
Henchuan is also well placed in a new energy logistics vehicle, with companies receiving nearly 10,000 sets of ancillary orders in 2015; in 2016, company logistics vehicle integration controllers completed tests and 10,000 km of road tests on site, performing better overall than competitors, with two vehicles in the microsurface and blue with a 4.5t light truck.
We've already completed a pilot and configuration announcement with a number of car companies. At present, the company has supplied customers like North Gas, Fujian New Longma, and Steamman, and we expect that as the new roll-out catalogue of the logistics car continues to grow, it will grow in the second quarter of this year, and the power control of the company's logistics vehicle will grow faster, ahead of schedule.
Over 100 million dollars will be generated throughout the year, by vehicle: a combined drive to join the power of the brusa, with a combined expected new energy fleet of 450,000 in 2017, 1.46 million in 2020.
In March, the Federation announced the sale of 27,600 new energy vehicles, an increase of 76 per cent, and 67 per cent in the ring, with an increase of more than expected. Of these, 105,000 electric vehicles with a level of a00 in pure electric power remained the largest market, with an increase of 364 per cent in the same year.
The number of cars sold was 9184, a 139% increase in the same year, and the ring grew by 625% in February, reflecting the start of the Beijing market. Intubation by car was 4615, a 9% decline in the same year, and the overall low catch.
The acquisition tax exemption catalogue is available and there is much room for growth in the a00 class vehicles, which are expected to be 364.5 million in 2017 in pure electric power and 104,000 in hybrid vehicles, for a total of 450,000 vehicles, for a total of 1.46 million vehicles and approximately 46 per cent in Cagr in 2016-2020.
Figure 51: New energy by car sales and increased speed of power-placing (barrel)  interplacing (barrel) and growth by comparison from 2016 to the beginning of new energy by car, foreign front brands have yet to enter on a large scale, and opportunities for the future are wide.
In 2016, the top five producers of new energy, Biadi, Gilly, North Gas, 30,46 per cent, Chiré, 14.97 per cent, 14.12 per cent, 11.25 per cent, and 6.37 per cent, respectively, accounted for more than 77 per cent of the market. Biadi was the leading industry, mainly Biadet, Qin and Qin.
The growth e6 is better, the sale of Dehouev in Gilly, the sale of Gilly's beans is better, and the new energy in North Korea is not unusual. However, given the recent start of the new energy-car industry, a very large number of traditional joint brands are still under way, competition patterns are uncertain, and opportunities for the future are still higher than ever.
Both domestic and foreign car factories have increased their purely electric car layouts, and there has been a trend of electric motorization by car. Mainstream car companies will centralize different types of new energy on the market in 2017-2018 to meet different consumer demands, leading new energy vehicle development from the supply side.
Tesla achieved 76,000 sales in 2016, an increase of 50.7% in the same year, and 25,000 deliveries in the first quarter of 2017, a 69% increase in the same year, the best quarterly record ever recorded. In addition, Tesla is about to release a model3, locator b car, which is currently ordered at close to half a million.
The brand has also entered the area of new energy vehicles, and the public has issued a 2025 strategy, aiming to launch 10 new energy vehicles by 2018, at least 30 pure electric automobiles by 2025, and two to three million new energy automobiles annually, which account for the entire group of cars.
The new power transfer control in Hitchuan, using the Iso2662 system, will now be supplied in bulk this year. The company's new power transfer control has been tested on a number of customers, along with the East Wind and the Wonders.
Swe, south-east, Jiang bell, North Gas, etc., are all working together to achieve bulk sales this year. The company’s new power generation has accumulated for many years, is in the forefront of product design and development, and the new generation of RV products are functional security systems and quality systems in 26262.
In September 2016, under the 100,000 new power motor controllers of the Hitchuan technology, the power plant was built up to be used as a source of revenue.
It's a new energy vehicle industry. It's a new energy product with a complete assembly, testing and aging production line, with an advanced mes-manufacturing system to monitor the entire manufacturing process, with an annual output of 60,000 new power drives.
At the same time, it has eight fully automated smt production lines, which enable it to complete all single-board production. At present, it has the highest volume of new-energy auto-control, efficient and high-quality production systems, and has built a unique domestic suit for more than 100,000 customers.
Networks and teams. The use of the company's powered buses ranged from the sea mouth to the desert river, from Dan East to Kash: highly integrated electrical controls, allowing service providers to have a solid concept and accurate judgement of all electrical systems connected to the entire vehicle.
As the country's largest transformer and industrial locomotive, with leading production capacity and a first-class research and development platform, the new power motor control system and the transformer technology are the same.
In 2017, more than $4.8 billion is expected to be generated, with companies automating their production base in Suzhou at a very high level, and phase two is on the verge of construction, with Hitchuan's intake and automated production leading the industry among electric power and control companies.
In the construction of the drums, we expect that in the future, the company’s new energy vehicles will create 100,000 power-producing industries with a first-class automated production line. The establishment of a subsidiary, a coalition power, more efficient decision-making and enforcement, will highlight the new company’s development.
The company announced on September 13, last year that it would use 200 million yuan in its own funds to set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Suzhou Joint Power System Company Ltd., in Jiangsu Province, and to appoint Kang Yong-Sung as Chairman of the Sumikawa Joint Power Board, which has now completed its business registration.
The creation of a joint power subsidiary will further refine the company’s work in the area of new energy vehicles, especially in the use of vehicles.
Business outreach and strategic layout, through the establishment of subsidiaries, companies will be more efficient in the development and marketing of new energy vehicles, responding to rapidly changing industry situations. Companies are fully committed to building new energy motors into business, and will continuously increase their R & D inputs and cores.
In 2016, the number of company R & D personnel increased from 869 to 1290, an increase of 48%, which is more than 421 people.
Corporate spending on research and development in 2016 was $385 million, an increase of 49 per cent, or 11 per cent of revenue. This shows the firm’s determination in the area of new energy and vehicles, and we believe that it has excellent autonomy and efficiency in research and development.
In September 2016, the company announced its association with the Swiss government, Brusa, who has more than 30 years of experience in research and development of new energy vehicles.
The Division's strategic collaboration has led to the launch of a brand-new Nosa, which is an all-emerging new energy vehicle engine. Brusa is the world's first manufacturer of electric car chargers, with more than 30 years of research and development experience in new energy vehicles, designed to provide clients with specialized systems design, research and development, marketing and services to cover them.
Engines, drive axes, electric machines, electrical control units, power sources, vacuum pumps, etc. have deep cooperation projects with BMW, the public, Mercedes, etc.
The parameters and functions of the motor control machine represent the highest level of the current new energy automobile industry. Brusa is a Mercedes, a customer for the general public, and, in collaboration with Brusa, the company has entered into the European mainstream car factory vision, with contacts with the general public, Audi, etc.
After a visit to the Sinkuan Technology Plant, the power of Sinkuan production and R & D was also well received. Last year, representatives of various enterprises, such as Renault, Niang, Dong Feng, and German Man, visited Sinkkawa and found that the current level of manufacturing equipment and management in Sinkkawa was almost equal to that of some Japanese colleagues.
The future company is expected to be the country’s first supplier to enter the front-line mainstream car industry. It is expected to be on the same scale as universal automation. The country’s new energy cars have huge potential to grow, with nearly four times as many vehicles as in 2016 in 2020, and the traditional car front brand has yet to enter the industry.
The pattern is still not in place, and the power-control and power-generation markets are giving rise to huge opportunities. In 2016, the public sector generated $845 million in new energy cars, and we expect 30-50% growth in the new energy-generation motors of the river in 2017.
The station, if it enters the foreign mainstream, will re-emerge and will be expected to achieve the same level of income as the general automated business and become the main engine of new energy vehicles.
The market space is wide, the competitive pattern is concentrated, and the country's orbital transport industry is growing rapidly. As the country's urbanization accelerates, the central city continues to be exposed to radiation, and there is an urgent need for orbital transport construction and expansion.
The country’s fixed investment in urban orbital transport has increased from 24.5 billion yuan to 36.8 billion yuan, with cagr exceeding 25 per cent. As of 2015, there were 105 lines of urban orbital transport in the country (19 per cent in four years), covering 25 cities (18 per cent in four years), and operating at a mileage of 374 million.
The total number of passenger shipments amounted to 14 billion (4 year cagr 28 per cent), and figure 61: mileage of our orbital traffic operations (millions of miles) Figure 62: number of urban orbital routes in our country
Figure 63: Total number of people in urban orbital traffic in our country, orbital transport tracting system, 10 billion market space per year. The three-year action plan for major construction of transport infrastructure, May 2016, states that more than 2,000 kilometres of new construction will be built in 2016-18
The orbital transport traction system is a core component of the orbital transport system with high safety requirements and high technical thresholds. The urban orbital transport vehicle consists mainly of the body of the vehicle, the turn-over, the tractor and brake, the flow-to-force, the vehicle interior equipment and the electrical structure of the vehicle.
Devices are used primarily to provide power and power for trains, to control electric power, and are made of components such as inverters, high-speed switches, main circuits, control units, etc. The higher technical difficulty is the core components in orbital transport systems.
The subsidiary Jiangsu Latitude is one of the only two suppliers in the country with autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) and a performance track transfer system. Due to the high technical threshold of the orbital transport traction system, in 2007 China gained 183 million Simyang Trail 2 orbital traction systems during the era of the Chinese flag.
Order, which was the first independent domestic to-trading project of the equipment state ' s product plate, by the end of 2014 more than 5,600 orders had been obtained, with a market share of the same type exceeding 63.9 per cent; in 2015, the North Car, the North Car Company ' s leading vehicle, Qingji Island - Inter-Hayyang (Blue Silicon Valley) orbital transport engineering vehicle
The country’s product plates are currently the only ones with supply performance and access qualifications, and foreign branding has declined over the years as the country’s product plates have gradually risen.
Technology leads: acquisition of Jiangsu latitude, acquisition of Skoda core technology, acquisition of Jiangsu Latitude, acquisition of Skoda core technology, and becoming one of the few suppliers of orbital transport towed systems with autonomous intellectual property rights and applications.
By acquiring and refinancing 50% of Jiangsu's latitudes, acquiring the core technology of Skoda's electrical, tractor and control system, and gaining the qualifications to enter orbital traffic. Jiangsu's latitude is working closely with Scota and continues to absorb the design of the orbital transport system transferred by Skoda.
Technology and production processes, with complete autonomy in future design and development. Scota’s headquarters is located in the Czech Republic and has over 150 years of history as a global leading supplier of trams, trams, electric motors, electrics, subways and towed and controlled systems, with top-level orbital traction.
Technology platforms, products widely used in countries such as the Czech Republic, Russia, Hungary, etc. The acquisition made the public department a track-trailing system for a small number of countries with autonomous intellectual property rights and applications.
The company's underground towed system has been delivered to Suzhou Track 2, Lines 4 and 3, which are being delivered on a continuous basis, with an income of 230 million in 2016 and a matrix.
With the introduction of new investors, other cities outside Suzhou are expected to break through, and new investors are expected to make breakthroughs in cities outside Suzhou.
A public announcement has been issued to introduce a new investor contractor, who has committed himself to obtaining at least a complete towed order in 2017-2018 in a sub-trail tender for cities outside Suzhou and Shenzhen.
In the field of electric bows, domestic municipalities account for about 70 per cent of the total, performing in more than a dozen cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Shenzhen and Nanjing, and have accumulated a wealth of resources and industrial experience in the field of orbital transport, which will help to upgrade their market opening capacity through latitude.
With regard to Māori, the company continues to expand its rail transport efforts, actively reduce the cost of the system, the current Māori rate is around 30%, and it is expected that the profitability of future tradable operations will be raised as the national production project continues.
In 2017, the company's subway, track trains, together, were expected to deliver 300-40 million dollars, and the future of the orbital traffic operation would be another pillar of the company. Industrial robots with core components are an important strategic area for the future.
China’s industrial robots have enormous potential and will continue to grow at a high rate, accounting for the world’s highest volume of industrial robots, accounting for about 30% of global markets. According to fr, in 2016, the global volume of industrial robots is projected to reach 290,000, an increase of 15%, and China’s industrial machines.
By 2019, China's annual sales of robots will reach 40% of the global market. On the basis of an average price of 250,000 yuan per robot, the market for industrial robots was 22.5 billion yuan in 2016.
China’s industrial robotic density is still low, with full potential for long-term growth. In terms of global robotic security, the top five countries are Japan, the United States, Germany, South Korea, and China, which account for about 70% of the global market for industrial robots.
15-20%, but the density of robotics in China is low relative to the size of Chinese manufacturing. Ifr, the number of robotics installed on a base of 10,000 manufacturing workers is a global average of 69 in 2015, compared to 49 in China, which is still far from the world average.
We expect that robots will not be included in China’s 202510 priority areas. In recent years, the state has put in place a number of policies to promote the development of industrial robots, and China was created in 2015.
Building 2025 proposes to speed up the use of industrial robots in the production process, and to push for a breakthrough in the robotic industry, with the launch in September 2015 of the “Technology road map for China’s priority area of 2025”, adding high-end digital control machines and robots to the top ten priority areas.
The Ministry of Information, the CDRC and the Ministry of Finance jointly launched the Robot Industry Development Plan (2016-2020), which proposes that by 2020, an autonomous branding industry will produce 100,000 robots per year, and six axes and more will produce more than 50,000 robots per year, enabling robots to be scaled up in priority industries.
Robot density is more than 150. The non-car industry, such as 3c, is growing at a higher rate, promoting a higher share of national product plates, and the non-car industry, such as electronics, is growing faster and rising.
According to statistics, the global industrial robot downstream industry distribution in 2015 will be the highest with 320,000 motors, a 10% increase in the same year, followed by 3c electronics, metals, chemicals and plastics, food, etc. The demand in the area will increase at a faster rate than in the case of cars.
The country’s non-car industry is not automated, and the penetration rate of industrial robots is still higher than that of industrial robots. National product plates are concentrated in industries with low penetration rates of industrial robots, such as 3c, plastic rubber, etc.
Foreign brands are expected to grow faster than foreign brands. Given the high level of industrial automation in the automotive sector, the mature application of industrial machines, the dominant position of foreign brands, and the high performance and cost of large-scale production and multi-year learning curves, it is difficult for domestic manufacturers to counter them.
According to Wise Industries statistics, in 2015, foreign brand industrial robots sold mainly to the automobile industry, accounting for 41.7 per cent, followed by electronics and metalworking, accounting for 12.2 per cent and 9.2 per cent of national product plates, with a different distribution from foreign brands, mainly concentrated in industrial machinery such as 3c, plastic rubber, etc.
The sectors with low human penetration, e-commerce and plastic rubber, accounting for 28.2 and 17.2 per cent, respectively, and the car industry, which accounts for only 13.5 per cent of domestic robotic sales. We expect that indigenous industrial robot manufacturers will grow faster than foreign brands, along with the spread of non-car industry industrial robot applications.
Figure 72: Market share of different foreign brands of robots in different industries in 2015 We have 30% of industrial robots in 2015 and will continue to rise in the future. National industrial robots have started to enter from low-end applications and have grown faster.
In 2016, we expect a market share of more than 30% of the country’s products and a steady increase in the market share of future countries’ products. Sinkkawa has access to core robotic components, and buys and sells vegetable products to improve their layout.
With high levels of robot autonomy and high growth in home-grown robotics, both of the core components of the HSBS and the controller, industrial machines, in addition to their own bodies, are the main core components of the deceleration system, the server system and the controller, which are currently in line.
The state-of-the-art technology is still in the Japanese industry, and even the U.S.-American industrial robots have part of the acquisition of a Japanese firm's deceleration device, and domestic firms are already performing on the server system and the controller.
The controllers of the Arsenal market are only strong and autonomous products, while the platform and algorithms are more advanced as the second producer of the control. Sinkkawa has its own core parts and capabilities, which, on the one hand, will raise the level of Maori for its robotic products and, on the other hand, will be accompanied by indigenous robots.
The company’s technology for machine visuals is leading and provides important support to industrial robots. Machine vision automatically receives and processes a real object through optical devices and non-contact sensors.
. Machine vision is an important component of intellectual manufacturing, which, by using machine visual products, can replace artificial vision, improve productivity and reduce the risk of manual error, and increase the flexibility and automaticity of production.
Sinkkawa acquired Nanjing wisdom in 2013 to enhance machine visual development in robotics, which is now more effective. The company's machine visual products have been used to detect defects in the food and beverage industry and the 3c industry, and can be used for chromatographic analysis of the ceramic industry, and the company's robots will be matched.
The year saw the acquisition of 60% of the shares of Shanghai Ryan, which was founded in February 2006 and was originally founded by the Chinese full-time company Shanghai Lei Bongtai and Ntn in Japan, Ntien, which focused on the field of roll-by wire bar.
Rolling wires are a mechanical transmission component at the heart of industrial automation, and the domestic market has long been dominated by foreign goods. In the roller stock industry, Shanghai Lane is dominated by high-precision medium-end markets, with sophisticated high-precision design and process capabilities, excellent mechanical design, and manufacturing skills.
After several years of marketing of foreign brands, the reliability and stability of the products have been proven. After the acquisition of Ryan, Sinkkawa used its own platform to further upgrade R & D and product development capabilities in Shanghai, Ryan’s stalk products have grown rapidly, while improving its mechanical mobility.
The scara robots in Sichuan have been sold in bulk, and the future growth space is huge. The scara robots are used mainly for assembly applications, with deep industrial accumulation and customer resources in the 3c area of the main application industry downstream.
The size of the scara robot market is about 870 million yuan, with a 30% compound growth rate over the next three years, and is expected to reach 1.47 billion yuan by 2018 in China. At present, the six-axis multi-banded robots are still in the hands of China, Ancheon, Kuka, abb, etc.
For mature industries like cars, there's still a big gap between domestic manufacturers and the four families. Sinkuan's precise location, industrial robot development route, first taken from the scara robots, mainly for the 3cs. The company started producing its own robots in April last year, and in 2016 it sold 200-300 in small quantities.
This year, the company will also launch four new products, two of which are designed for lithium power, lock screws, and a small six-band robot, made for 3c, mobile phone, photovoltaic.
In the future, smart equipment operations will be fully developed, and industrial robotics will grow with great potential.
6. There is a steady growth in the number of elevators, the development of industrial Internet cloud platforms, and a better growth in the number of new buildings opened last year. The demand for elevators will rise steadily. In 2016, there will be a better growth in the number of new buildings opened and a steady increase in the number of elevators this year.
Business needs and housing start-ups are highly correlated, and as elevators are close to the completion of the construction, the construction of new houses usually lags behind for about a year. The first half of the last year saw an increase of 15% in the area of new start-ups, a drop in quarterly growth rates, an 8% increase throughout the year, and in January/February this year, the construction of new houses began.
This represents an increase of 10 per cent over the same period. Real estate fixed asset investment stood at 12.67 trillion in 2015, an increase of only 2.5 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 4.8 per cent since February, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the same period, and real estate fixed asset investment of 1.2 trillion between January and February this year.
7.1%, we expect that last year’s growth in investment in the real estate sector will effectively boost this year’s sales in the elevator industry, and that this year’s elevator market is expected to rise steadily. The elevator security market cannot be ignored.
Our elevator production was 760,000, an increase of 6 per cent over the same year. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the cumulative output of our elevators was 576,000 in January-November 2016, a cumulative increase of 1.6 per cent. We expect our elevator production to grow by about 2 per cent last year, reaching 776,000.
The stock market is not negligible. Elevators are usually used for 10 years, and in 2006 they reached 168,000, or 22.1 per cent, of their output in 2015, and by the end of 2015, we had 4.26 million elevators, which are expected to cover the cost of the elevators.
The demand for a single elevator will grow as a result of the guaranteed market. The country’s share of foreign investment in the elevator industry will be larger, but the country’s product plate has gradually narrowed.
The elevator market was first monopolized by foreign brands, and domestic firms continued to expand their R & D inputs, increasing the competitiveness of their national brands, represented by their companies, such as Electric Power Trails, Giannan Kaje, Bolinte, and the Grand Day Elevator. According to the elevator home website, the ratio of foreign brands in the elevator industry in 2015 was higher.
Fifty-four% of local brands have developed in recent years, with the city accounting for 46% of them, and the foreign brands will soon be equal. The foreign firms are mainly Otis, Mitsubishi, Yoki, Tung, Yung Da, Tisheng, Burt, and hundreds of domestic firms, ranked first in Kanli, Jiang Nam Gatje,
Bollint, Shin Yong, Guangzheng, King of Mitsubishi, and seven south-easters together account for 22% of the country's product cards, industry pools account for about a third of the share of the HCE elevator unit, and city coverage will be increased through the international brand breakthrough. We expect our elevators to produce 776,000 units in 2016.
The bulk of cargo is expected to be around 260,000, yielding revenues of 968 million, and the city’s share has reached about one-third, the company’s future growth in the domestic elevator market will be dominated by a breakthrough in international brands. With years of accumulation, the transfer technology in Kawakawa is now the world’s largest supplier of elevators as a single machine, in power.
There has also been an increase in the recognition of the ladder industry abroad, with companies starting with the overseas headquarters of some international elevator companies, starting with a gradual penetration of small products, and although it usually takes 2-4 years to break through a big brand, it is not easy for customers to identify new product options, and for sinks.
Kawakami, once an international customer, will be able to create a greater sticky supply of product support and rapid response. The company is now in the power supply chain, the Tissenkhamper and the Tung Chi brands, which are also likely to enter this year, with nearly 20,000 foreign brands expected to be supplied last year, this year.
Companies have actively promoted overseas marketing strategies, and have grown better in India, for example. Sinkkawa is now in the harvest period, with India second only to China.
Second-largest market. There is now a branch and five offices in India, where the National Elevator brand is its main client, and where the single elevator machine is expected to be sold in 2016 at about 5,000, or about 5 per cent of the city, will continue to grow rapidly in the future.
Building an industrial Internet cloud platform to address user pains and build up 100,000 users of elevators connected to one elevator unit, which will be connected to more industrial customers in the future, and interconnecting the equipment.
The server has taken the lead in building an elevator network solution that allows remote monitoring of elevators, remote debugging assistance, long-range failure schedule and parts life management. If elevator customers discover an elevator malfunction and call the maintenance staff, the system automatically uploads the data, the ecto-networking system and the parts.
Client management platforms are sent to the service provider's mobile phone terminal, which shows the elevator's operation, maintains historical information, can determine the replacement of accessories, and can also engage in a human conversation, all of which is achieved through the electrical ladder network.
For network platform equipment enterprises, the variety of products sold and the small number of users result in industry, Internet platform access is low, and production problems are actually solved through big data is low. Sinkgawa is based on homogenous, large-volume elevator-combined equipment, with a flat elevator network built.
The station has rapidly accumulated a large number of users, and the industrial Internet platform now has 100,000 users, and will be able to reach 1 million users in the future. The main customers of Hitcha are air-pressors, air-conditioning, cranes, and so on, and companies have started to expand in these areas.
Users address pain points and take advantage of new business models and profit models brought about by the industrial Internet. 7.1. Sub-profit forecast.
Elevators as a whole: 968 million dollars in 2016, an increase of 8%. The real estate market grew better last year, and the demand for elevators is expected to rise steadily this year.
Universal servers: 318 million yuan in 2016, a 57 per cent increase in the same year, companies in 3c, lithium, plc: 900 million in 2016, a 38 per cent increase, combined frequency and servo product formation High pressure frequency: 83 million in 2016, a 30 per cent increase in the same year, company value of products
Orbital transport traction system: 230 million revenues in 2016 with a 250 per cent increase in income, a 44-fold average market gain for comparable companies with industry in 2017, taking into account the leading position of the new energy source for the technology of the Hong Kong River and the dynamic layout of motor controls in the area of passenger vehicles, taking into account the automation of industrial controls
This year’s strong recovery and corporate industrial-control poles were given 38 times as much as in 2017. 1) The macroeconomic slowdown and higher than expected growth in real-estate investment. Given the relatively high share of corporate automation, the main demand is from fixed-asset investments and manufacturing firms.
Purchase of equipment is more affected by the macroeconomic cycle. Elevator-one operations account for about 25 per cent of the total, and if real estate investments accelerate, company-owned elevator-one operations run a downside risk. 2) New energy cars sell less than expected. The larger share of new energy vehicles comes from companies.
The next year, more than 100 million passengers, such as Woo-tung, are expected to come from the logistics sector, while passenger and logistics vehicle sales are more affected by subsidized policies. 3) The development of new products is less advanced than expected.
The introduction of custom-made solutions and executive jets directly targeting downstream industries may miss industry opportunities if new products are being developed slowly, affecting the pace of performance. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a portfolio investment advisory.