Aluminium expansion and alumina shares (000807.sz) Decaying profits in the industrial chain drive future growth
As the supply and demand structure of the aluminium industry reversed during the reporting period, the price of aluminium oxide fell.
Wu Jianjian, where profits from the industrial chain shift to electrolytic aluminium, while the high demand from the completion of the property works works works effectively to keep the aluminium price up in stock and drive the company back to profitability.
The average price of the aluminium in the country was 13817.55 yuan per tonne, a decrease of 3.54 per cent compared to the previous year, but the fall was reduced by 3.86 percentage points in the fourth quarter of the year; the average price ring in the second quarter was 1387.74 yuan per tonne compared to the average price in the previous quarter. At the same time, the cost-side pressure was reduced, oxidation was reduced.
The average prices of aluminium and predestination apogee fell to $2873.63 and $3762.39 per ton, respectively, a decrease of 1.06 per cent and 8.11 per cent respectively. Thus, the Māori rate reached 11.88 per cent and the ring ratio increased by 0.8 percentage points during the reporting period.
The company received government subsidies for a long time, and in the first half of the year it received government subsidies of about 76 million yuan, up from $67.57 million in the last year, and increased its profits. During the reporting period, the company successfully started production of the Zhotong Hydro-Aluminum Phase I project and the crane Qing Hydro-Aluminum Phase I project, with no capacity.
In the first half of the year, 86.59 million tons of original aluminium were produced, an increase of 12.85 per cent over the same year; 3,537,000 tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium-processing products, an increase of 0.84 per cent over the same year; and 7,326,000 tons of aluminium oxide, an increase of 19.71 per cent over the same year.
(ii) As the aluminium industry continues to reform the supply side of the aluminium industry, at the beginning of the year, according to the focus of the Ministry of Trade and Communications on the aluminium industry, the production of the new production of the electrolytic aluminium will be strictly controlled as a trend in the industry.
Capable ceilings have been formed, with 17,41.3 million tons of electrolytic aluminium produced in the first half of 2019, an increase of only 2.2 per cent, with the latest July start-up capacity of 36,485 tons, which is lower than in the same year, while the monthly active inventory of electrolytic aluminium is only 1,045.5 million tons, a decrease of 40.56 per cent from the same year.
The cost and lower stock levels support the further increase in aluminium prices. Also, as the impact of the supply shocks of the overseas aluminium oxides, such as the Brazilian Sea, Drew, aluminium and Russian aluminium, subsided last year, on August 22, the capacity of aluminium oxide to start production was over 220,000 tons, and the supply of aluminium oxides was overcharged.
The Bureau will continue to suppress cost prices. Under macroeconomic countercyclical policies and preferential policies to encourage consumption, projects such as capital shortboards and new energy cars will further boost the demand for aluminium (iii) seagulls, Xiao Trung Qing II hydroelectric aluminium expansion, and thorium thorium thorium II growth in the future.
In February, the company completed the acquisition of 11.01% shares of aluminum hydrazine held by the Xiang Liangjiang mining company, which now holds a direct share of 63.99%, and in 2018 the net profit of aluminum hydrazine was 1,156 million yuan, which will be added to the financing of aluminum hydrazine.
The company ' s profits were increased; the controlling subsidiary had purchased 190,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium from the San Xihua Aluminum industry in February to support the second phase of the project, which will produce about 450,000 tons of hydroelectric aluminium annually upon completion of the project. 2 million tons/year of electrolytic aluminium production, more than 800,000 tons/year of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing production, and the company ' s aluminum oxide production capacity.
1.4 million tonnes/year, with a capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year, and with the progressive commissioning of priority projects such as the company ' s Tung Tung II, crane Qing II, Wengshan Hydro and Aluminium Project, and Moungshan ' s Aluminium 600,000 tonnes/year Carbon II Project, the company ' s electrolytic aluminium production capacity will exceed 3 million tonnes/year, aluminium alloys and aluminium processing capacity of more than 1 million tonnes/year and 8 million tonnes/year. In addition, Wenshan aluminium production capacity will exceed 800,000 tonnes/year.
(a) The storage of approximately 170 million tons of land ore retention resources, which provides the company with a stronger bauxite-aluminium oxide resource guarantee for the development of the hydropower industry, and the increased production and self-sufficiency of self-produced aluminium oxides as a result of the completion of the 800,000 tons of aluminium oxide construction project in Mansan;
Aluminium industry changes in supply and demand chains have shifted profits in the industrial chain from the end of aluminium oxide to the end of aluminium electrolysis, and the level of profitability in the electrolytic aluminium industry is gradually being repaired. The company’s utility cost advantage is clear, with a reduction through the extension of the whole industry chain and a release of performance driven by rising prices.
2) Aluminium downstream needs are less than expected; 3) new construction projects are less than expected.