The carrier sails safely.
We believe that in the context of supply-side reforms, steel companies will have a long-term high level of revenue and profits, and that the excess returns will depend mainly on the availability of additional production capacity, product structure optimization space, and cost-control capabilities. The steel-based amalgamation and the construction of the Tamang Base, while adding high-quality production capacity, will actively optimize the upgrading of the product.
The new capacity to expand the company’s revenue-earning capacity: the 1550 cold-rolling line at the Changjiang base in August 2017 is fully functional, with an annual capacity of 2.550,000 tons, mainly for high-end motor panels, silicon steel and home-based electric steel products, expected to be supplied.
The industry index shows a 5 per cent increase in the share of cold rollers this year (12 months); the construction of the 3# Chanjiang furnace is in the preparatory phase, with 4 million tons of annual production capacity, resulting in an increase of 9 per cent in the total postpartum capacity; and the high end of the Paosan base leads to the fourth stage of production of silicon steel today
It is now owned by Shanghai Boshan, Wuhan, and optimized product structure to increase profitability: driven by growth in car consumption and lightly quantified demand, the company’s annual growth in steel production is around 10%, and the market for chilled car boards is 70%.
High-value-added steel accounts for 60% of the value added, and in recent years production has stabilized at 10-20%, super-high, and the share of cold-rolled car boards is 7.5%, with a 22% increase in production in 2017. Since the Changjiang and Qingshan bases are still dominated by common cold-rolled car boards, there is still much room for upgrading to high-power car steel in the future.
The demand for silicon steel has continued to grow with power grid construction and efficient energy strategies, and this year the company's high-end production of silicon steel will increase by 8 per cent, with a market share of 80 per cent. The company now owns six core strategic products, including car steel, silicon steel, high-grade sheeting, energy and pipe steel, and high-level steel, and its share in the domestic market.
1 - Iron and Steel Industry Incident Review: Focus on Investment in the Dynamite Mid-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Inter-Standard Industry, with a significantly higher Māori ratio for core products and a ton of steel profits at the top of the list of companies.  Cost control enhances risk resistance: the company has made a strong push for mitigation efficiency, the company ' s total operating cost in 2017, the Iron and Steel Industry Incident Review: Anticipated Margins and Good Promoting Reaction.
3 percentage points lower than total operating income, cost cuts from 2018 to 2020, total turnover 3, In-depth report on the steel industry: supply and manufacturing climate resonance 4, Iron and steel industry incident rating: understanding of survivor deviation statistics
In addition, the company adheres to the concept of green development, and the high environmental input of the previous period limits the company's environmental protection.
In the context of a tightening policy, the cost of transformation is small, while allowing for a more competitive position that enhances profitability in a context where marginal costs are high. Investment advice: Treasure and steel shares as industry leaders are highly profitable, with both growth and performance
Eung Heung Securities Depth Report, Treasure Steel Stock, 600019: The carrier sails to a steady distance, Eung Heung Securities Depth Report
The carrier sails safely and leads the future direction of the Chanjiang steel and steel.
China’s leaders benefit from the policy dividend. It is self-evident that the policy dividend in our country is for the growth of our enterprises, that it is for the industry’s leaders, that it is a pioneer in the supply side reform and merger restructuring of the steel industry, and that it will lead the country’s steel and manufacturing upgrading to become a leader in global competition in our steel industry and manufacturing industry.
On June 27, 2016, Treasure Steel and Wu Gang issued a suspension announcement: the Treasure Steel Group and Wu Han Steel Company are planning a strategic restructuring. The merged Sword Steel Group is the second largest producer in the world, after Europe's Anselomatar, and goes beyond Japan’s new Japanese solar iron-dwelling gold and South Korea’s porridge-made iron.
Reforms will continue. The Ministry of Industry and Communications issued Guidance on the Merger of the Steel Industry and the Reorganization of Zombie Disposal Enterprises.
According to the China Manufacturing 2025 plan, the construction of the Bo Steel Stewardship Unit, Unit 1580, with the qualification of the Ministry of Industry and Communications as a pilot for intelligent manufacturing, is the only model for the iron and steel manufacturing industry. Strong alliances complement each other.
The giant steel conglomerate, the core company of China's BMW Steel Group Ltd., has combined a more comprehensive production and product structure. It has a more comprehensive product layout.
Large bases, the wider market for radioactivity in China, China, China and South China, involve a total capacity of about 45.4 million tons of iron and 50.1 million tons of steel, 15.5 million tons of Boshan, 14.8 million tons of Qingshan base, 6.9 million tons of May Hill base and 8.2 million tons of East Mount, respectively.
The eastern source of wealth and wisdom is a more complete product structure. Bold steel focuses on high-end cars, silicon steel, home-based steel cooling products and steel pipes, thick plate products, steel-focused hot-rolling products, and, when combined, the company’s product structure is more complete and technologically strong.
The relationship of property rights and control between the company and the person actually controlling it, as shown in table 2 below, is based on iron and steel production from four major bases.
Table 3 Equipment and capacity of the various production bases of the Treasure Steel stock (in tons)
Figure 4 Production process maps for the direct ownership of the steel plant The new production capacity of the steel base has been approved to release and quickly move to production, leading to significant and sustainable growth in the company's revenues and profits. "Build a steel, managed a steel, built a steel" is a treasurer-to-country.
The promise of the nation and the people to build the Gang is the fulfilment of the promise of “remaking a precious steel.” Based on our earlier research on the steel industry, it is clear (see, in particular, the story of the depth of the East Hing securities and steel industry: supply and manufacturing climate resonance in spring), in the context of continuing structural reforms along the supply side of the steel industry, steel prices are strong, and there is room for profit.
• The existing iron and steel production capacity is fully utilized. Based on actual measurements of existing capacity and production in 2017, the production capacity of the Iron-Crystal chain is now fully utilized, with a comparison of the production capacity of the hot-rolling, cold-rolling and plate-lined production lines.
Larger upscales, without taking into account the external purchase board, will have no room for growth in the total volume of goods produced, and the structure of the product will have only a structural adjustment of the stock.
In the east, the financial and intellectual boom of 8.4 million tons, yielding a profit of 2.31 billion dollars.
Ten million tons of steel base. The first investment in the project was 50 billion yuan, and the investment was made by the Treasure Group, which reserved long-term development space. The port of Changjiang is close to the origin of iron ore raw materials, such as Australia and Brazil, with lower transport and power costs, and has a greater comparative advantage than the base in Bosan, May and Green Mountain.
In August 2017, the 1550 cold-rolling line of the Yangtze River became fully functional, producing 2.2 million tons of additional capacity, mainly in automobiles, home appliances, and silicon steel products. In 2018, Changjiang steel started work on the first stage of the construction of the 3rd furnace, with the same size as the 550m3 of the 1 , 2 # furnace in the Shanjiang, with an expected additional crude steel production capacity of about 4 million tons.
The product structure is highly spaced. With the company's 1550 cold-rolling line coming into operation, a major effort has been made to expand and qualify the Chamjiang base, and the product structure has gradually been adjusted to high-end automobiles for steel and home electric steel, which are expected to be cold in 2018.
The share of rolling products will increase from 30% to 40-45%, and the Tianjiang Dongshan base’s net profit from steel will gradually be aligned with Bo Shanji, which is expected to increase the overall profit of the stock company by about 20%.
But the self-sufficiency rate of the plates is only 33%, and within the 500 km radius of the steel economy, there are only a few steel companies, such as pickles, willows, Wallian, and three steels, with a significant supply gap. The price of the plates is 100 to 200 yuan per ton higher than in other regions.
High-end fine panels, market capacity and regional competitiveness in industries such as household electricity and machinery.
Figure 8 Investments in fixed assets in Guangdong Province Figure 7 Distribution of steel enterprises in the country Figure 9 Share of automobile and domestic electricity production in Guangdong Province in the country
Figure 10 Growth in automobile and household power production in Guangdong Province
Figure 11 Price performance of the main South and East China plates, “One Wing” and differentiated product strategies as engines for development: 2.1 Steel masters stable performance for anchoring diversification
Companies insist on a “one-wing” development strategy, dominated by high-value-added steel, two “two-wing” for the information services related to Treasure Software, and two non-coallower businesses, with diversification leading to steady performance. As firms in cyclical industries, stable business performance guarantees a relatively stable return on investment.
The company earns profits mainly from the cold-rolled carbon rolls, hot-rolled carbon rolls, steel rolls, steel products, iron and steel products, and other businesses. The share of the frozen-rolled-carbon rolls, hot-rolled-carbon rolls, steel products and other steel products during the year.
Gross profits accounted for 30 per cent, 26 per cent, 4 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, and gross profits accounted for 35 per cent, 36 per cent, 1 per cent and 4 per cent respectively. Income and profits in the main industry declined slightly; the year 2016 began with a significant increase in revenues and profits in 2017, at 60 per cent and 120 per cent respectively, as a result of product positioning.
At the higher end, business performance is less influenced by industry cyclicality than steel industry. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
Other business accounts for 33% and 25% of corporate profits each year. Processing and distribution is an extension service around steel products, making the greatest contribution to other business profits.
Chemical and financial contributions to profits have been significant in the domestic market. Export operations have contributed less to revenues and profits, with export operations accounting for about 11 per cent of revenues in 2017 and less than 5 per cent of gross profits.
Exports to more than 90 countries and territories accounted for more than 50 per cent of the six main strategic categories of products for export, including motor panels, silicon steel, high-grade sheeting, tin-plating, energy and pipe steel, ships and seawork steel.
Figure 14 on the composition of profits over the last five years (millions of yuan)
Treasure steel shares (600019): The carrier sails safely far away. Figure 152017 harvest composition: Cold-rolled carbon steel rolls and hot-rolled carbon steel rolls and steel pipe products and other iron and steel products.
Figure 17 Growth of main products in the past five years. Figure 19 Growth of the steel main industry in recent years.
Figure 20 Growth of profits in the steel industry in recent years
Figure 23 Growth in revenue from other operations in the last three years
2.2 Differential competition for profit highs, differentiated competitive strategies that stabilize the domestic market share of the company's core products, maintain a high Māori ratio of the product, and keep the top three companies on the market. At the same time, companies focus on the core strategic group of products, forming automobiles.
Steel, electric steel, high-grade sheeting, tin-plating, steel for energy and pipelines, and high-grade steel products are at the heart of the strategy. The steel products for cars are at the core of the strategy.
In 2017, the market for cold-rolled steel was nearly 70%, especially for cold-rolled high-voltage vehicles, and the technology for steel and the market lead. Electric steel has the right to speak out. Electric steel consists mainly of uninvited silicon steel and silicon steel, with an annual capacity of about 3.7 million.
Tons, of which 2.86 million tons of unopposed silicon steel and 840,000 tons of silicon steel, the latter producing 72% of the country. High-magnetism-based silicon steel production processes are complex, manufacturing techniques are stringent, the iron and steel industry is known as the crown jewels, and the steel-to-silicon steel market is close to 80%.
Tens of tons: approximately 700,000 tons of paintboards for exterior decorating construction, approximately 1 million tons of plating tin (chromium) plates for the production of canned containers, and heat rollers, in addition to 15 per cent of hot roller steel, mainly consisting of steel for mechanical equipment, steel for containers and tubes
Goods such as wire and steel, with the largest share of steel used in mechanical equipment, accounted for about 50 per cent of total heat roller production, and steel products used in energy and pipelines included seamless steel pipes and welding pipes, with a production of approximately 2.1 million tons in 2017, and seamless steel pipes, consisting mainly of oil wells, oil pipelines and boiler pipes, with welding products used mainly for oil and gas transmission and urban pipe networks.
High-grade sheeting, which includes ships and seawork steel, mechanical steel, etc., produces about 2 million tons of steel per year, of which about 50 per cent are ships, beams and seawork steel.
Table 7 shares in the domestic market for major products, showing the number of tons of steel net profits of listed steel companies in 282017 (in yuan/tons)
Figure 292017-2108 Prices for the production of the main plate products of the Treasure Steel.
Treasure steel shares (600019): The carrier sails safely.
Figure 31: Māori ratio in the main business for nearly five years. Figure 34 Main use of silicon steel. Figure 33 Main use of automobile steel.
3. Fine automobiles use steel and silicon strategies to protect long-term performance growth.
3.1 High-tech barriers +evi build powerful car steel, 3.1.1 automobile steel consumption is growing at a medium and low rate, and we believe that our automobile industry will experience a longer period of medium and low growth, with cars growing at an average annual rate of steel growth.
About 10%. The main reasons are as follows: Car consumption is moving towards a medium- and low-growth period. The country has gradually moved from a high to a medium- and low-growth rate of 3.2% in 2017.
The market space is still large. China’s market is far from saturated in comparison to the average per capita vehicle holdings in the advanced countries of Europe and the United States, and is expected to peak at about 400 million, with more than 200 million vehicles remaining in incremental space, with a sustained growth rate of 5-10 years at current levels of production and sales.
The cumulative volume of product sales in suv increased by nearly 12 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the demand for steel in bicycle suv was 0.4 tons higher than for cars, and the cumulative growth in heavy and medium cargo vehicles was 61.7 per cent and 40.2 per cent, respectively, on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 36 Growth of our automobile consumption into medium- and low-growth areas.
Figure 38: Requirements structure for steel in vehicles .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Figure 39 Production by type of vehicle by type of vehicle, by type of vehicle, by type of vehicle, by type of vehicle, by type of vehicle, by type of vehicle
3.1.2 Implementation of the advanced technology-led +evi model is due to the technology-led and evi (earlyvenderinvolvement, prior intervention) development model, where the company’s market share of automobile steel remains high for the long term.
The company has a full range of steel products, a strong research and development capability, which makes it difficult for competitors to enter the market and occupy a favourable position in the market for future growth.
(340-780mpa,hss) and super-high steel (>780mpa,uhsss); with the increased safety requirements for car crash protection, car steel is moving in a highly plastic direction, strong plastic build is an important indicator of car steel performance. By strong plastic build, it can be divided into first-generation car sheet steel (15gpa%), with light quantitative and safety indicators.
Low; second-generation automobile steel (50gpa%) but production costs are high due to high alloy content and complex processes. Third-generation automobile steel is a light-quantifiable and safety indicator that is higher than the first-generation car steel and less costly to produce than the second-generation car steel.
These include heat rolls, acid washes, cold rolls, thermal plating plates, electric plating, etc., the country’s only full-scale enterprise, the first in the world to produce bulk quantities of first-, second- and third-generation automobile steel, with a variety of trip, twip, and qp steel.
Successive awards have been awarded for scientific and technological inventions at the national and provincial levels. In recent years, Boar and Steel have placed more emphasis on research and development inputs and on patenting in the area of automobile steel, the number of patent applications for automobile steel has grown rapidly, and the number of post-2015 patents filed has almost doubled from the previous years, with only 18 patents for automobile steel products being applied by the Institute in 2016.
The evi model is advanced. The supplier’s early intervention was aimed at participating in the product design, module development, on-site processes, etc. of the automobile factory, undertaking a systematic analysis with them of the impact factors in the process, in order to arrive at the most effective control measures in advance, ensuring the stability of user quality, reducing costs and increasing the share of suppliers.
Treasure steel intervenes from vehicle-type design to provide systematic technical support to users, participating in all stages of vehicle development, spare parts development and mill development, and increasing technical barriers and stickyness to customers.
The process is more complex, the parts are generally certified for six months, the whole-car certification usually takes about two years, making the steel factory more difficult to supply. The automobile factory usually does not replace suppliers easily, considering the stability of the mainstream model.
It's more than 20 million tons, and the market rate has risen from 50% to nearly 70%. From the pattern of the supply of car plates, the boar products have a higher share in the solar and Euro-American joint brands and are used in advanced cars such as Audi, BMW, Mercedes.
Poo Qiang has a market share in the inter-Korean car, and the bus board of River Steel is primarily for the Great Wall, Japanese, Yutong, and so on; The bus board of Ma Steel is mainly for Chirí, Jiang Huai, and so on: the first steel is used in modern, northern, Biade, the Great Wall, and so on.
East Hing Securities Depth Report, Treasure Steel Stock, 600019: The carrier sails to a steady distance.
Figure 44: Market share of our cold-rolling carboard manufacturing industry in the last two years.
Figure 47 Patent applications in the area of automobile steel from the Bounty Research Institute.
Figure 48: A road map for a steel plate, a road map for a steel plate, a road map for a car plate, a road map for a car, a road map for a car plate, a road map for a car, a road map for a car board.
3.1.3 Strong efforts to develop high-powered car steel to meet light-quantified car demand promote a higher share of high-volume steel demand, which can take full advantage of technology and market advantages. Light-weight automobile demand makes high-power steel, especially advanced super-quick steel, the most promising vehicle material in the future.
The National Standards Commission has issued a four-stage fuel-consumption code, which aims to reduce our vehicle fuel consumption to 5l/100km by 2020. The light quantification of cars is one of the most effective measures to improve fuel economy and lower vehicle emissions, with steel plate thickness reduced by 0.05, 0.01 and 0.15 mm, respectively.
According to our road map on energy-saving and new-energy vehicle technology, published in October 2016, vehicle preparation is expected to be 35% less than in 2015. High-power steel is used in new energy vehicles, which can reduce the amount of mileage.
Our high-intensity steels are lagging far behind in their application intensity and application. Europe and America have more than 60% of high steel use, Japan has more than 50% of high steel use, and at the end of 2015 we had about 30% of high steel in our cars, and only 5% of them are far below 15-25% advanced levels in Europe and America. For example, some of the newly developed mines in Europe have been mined.
The number of super-high steels produced in the Nostrel model is 18%. The new generation uses 75% of the high-intensity material, with a rare 41% of the super-high-intensity steel. High-intensity automobile steel has an economic advantage.
Structural weight, saving steel, and lowering transport costs. A luxury car manufacturer measured that the third generation of high-power car steel casings use 0.6 mm thick steel plates, while the first generation of car steel is 0.7 mm thick, increasing the cost by more than 2,100, reducing the consumption of car oil by about 5%, and recovering the cost by 50,000 km.
High-tech thresholds and high-value-added features are present in high-tech steel cars. Currently, domestic steel companies have a series of cooling-downs at different levels of pressure, which account for about 70-80% of the output of each cool-rolling car plate.
Intense motor panels account for about 20-30%, while advanced high-intensity steel athss plates account for only about 1-3%. High steel prices are researched to be 400-500 yuan/tonne higher than normal cold-rolled car steel, so high steel levels in the product structure are expected to increase profitability.
qp 980cr, mn-trip 980cr, qp 1180cr, twip 950gi, mn-trip 1180cr, qp 980ga, qp 1180ga, mn-trip1180gi, d-trip 780cr, etc., the global launch of a series of high-powered car steels.
Super-high steel sales reached 450,000 tons, an increase of 22% from the same year, and high-high steel and super-high steel produced much higher yields than the average in the domestic industry. Among the advanced high-intensity steels available for precious steel today, the maximum strength of popular cold is 1700 mpa, the maximum strength of thermal zinc is 1180 mpa, and the maximum strength of electro-plating is 980 mpa.
The Changjiang and Qingshan bases are still dominated by common cold-rolled car boards, and there is still room for upgrading the product structure.
3.2 The first gains in the larger and stronger silicon steel industry 3.2.1 Our silicon steel production and production are growing at a stage-by-stage rate, which will be maintained at an average annual rate of 5-6% as our economy progresses to a new level
The growth rate will continue to grow, from 20-25% to 10-15%. The history of electricity and steel development in the country has been accompanied by rapid growth in economic development and electricity demand, which grew at a rapid rate of 25% during the period 2005-2013.
Demand has weakened and grid investment has slowed, and supply is slowing down. High technology thresholds and complex processes have constrained the corresponding growth in capacity.
In terms of product structure, the demand for high-magnetism steel products in the hgo/hib is clearly growing, and the general orientation to silicon steel is growing relatively slowly. In the case of unopposed silicon steel, there is a reduction in production stages and a recovery in capacity utilization.
Some companies have converted unopposed electric steel from continuous decarbonization production lines to continuous zinc decarbonization production lines, leading to negative growth in production capacity, with production of unopposed silicon steel falling in 2016. At the same time, demand for dry power has recovered, demand for unopposed silicon has warmed, with capacity utilization rising from 65% to 75% in 2016, and prices have stagnated from below.
In terms of growth structure, the demand and production of low- and medium-sized unattended silicon steel are gradually decreasing, and the demand and production of high-sized unattended silicon steel are growing rapidly.
Table 12 Parameters and main uses of silicon steel. Figure 52 shows a step-by-step increase in demand for electric steel. Figure 53 shows a positive increase in demand for electric steel.
Figure 54 Changes in our electric steel production, Figure 55 Changes in our electric steel production
Figure 56 Our spot market price for silicon steel 3.2.2 Power distribution and energy efficiency towards new growth points in demand for silicon steel
National grid construction and efficient energy demand drive the demand for silicon steel. In previous years, China’s grid investment had been driven mainly by projects such as super-high voltage, and the distribution area was now a new growth point, with the transmission and distribution transformer predominantly using silicon steel as a iron core.
In August 2015, the National Energy Agency published the Plan of Action for the Construction and Rehabilitation of the Distribution Network (2015-2020), which clearly states that the total acceleration of the modern distribution grid will be 1.5 times and 1.4 times higher than in 2014, with a medium-pressure public distribution capacity of 1,150 million kVA.
In 2015 - 2020, investment in grid construction will be no less than $2 trillion, of which investment in 2015 will be no less than $300 billion, cumulative investment over the period of $1.7 trillion, and investment over the period of 12.5 billion.
The manufacture of high-magnetic transformers using low-iron-damaged silicon steel (hgo/hib) will significantly reduce the power consumption, save 2.5% of total electricity generation and have a significant energy-saving potential. We are running about 6.6% of the country's electricity production, with 40-50% of electricity transformers.
At 8.5%, only 12% of the additional high-efficiency electrical transformers were added, and some of the high-energy-consuming power transformers were no longer in line with industry trends and faced the need to upgrade and upgrade.
The promotion plan (2015-2017), which has been defined by the three ministries as an annual phase-out plan for energy-intensive and electrical transformers, basically completed by the end of 2017 the phase-out of s9 and the following models for high-energy and transformers, and encouraged enterprises to voluntarily phase out S9 distribution transformers with less than 20 years of operation but with poor economic performance.
Figure 58 Investment in transmission and distribution and control equipment.
3.2.3 Future increases in the demand for unopposed silicon steel driven by electricity growth and the new energy car market are mainly used for rotating motors and microelectric transformers of electrical equipment, mainly from electric power demand and the new energy vehicle market, resulting from the continuous increase in the use of electricity.
End-use power will consume more electric machines and unopposable silicon steel. Unattended silicon steel will be low in medium- and high-frequency intense magnetic conditions, high magnetic rates, low magnetic noise and corresponding economics, and will become a major source of precision iron core manufacturing collars in electromagnetic converters.
5,000 kwh, in 2017, electricity per capita in the country rose by 3% per year to 4538 kwh. The new energy car industry became a new point of growth in demand. The thin-sized unopposed silicon steel was applied to the new energy vehicle, one side of which helped to reduce the weight of the car and the power plant was running faster.
By 2020, the share of new energy vehicles reached 7 per cent, 20 per cent in 2025, 46,000 tons of unattended silicon steel in 2030, 140,000 tons and 280,000 tons, respectively.
Figure 62 Significant increase in the volume of new energy cars (millions) 3.2.4 Proactively optimizing silicon steel production in response to the national energy strategy
With the amalgamation of martial steel, BS is the world’s largest producer of silicon steel, and the country’s single largest technological strength, full range of products and absolute market ownership has made it possible to take the lead in future markets for increased quantities of steel. Faced with increasing competition in the unattended silicon steel market, BS is actively adjusting its production structure and increasing its export capacity to silicon steel, while at the same time leading to an increase in the production capacity of silicon steel.
It's got 2.86 million tons of unattended silicon steel production, 840,000 tons of silicon steel production, and 28% of total global production. Silicon steel has 80% of domestic market access.
According to research, taking into account the natural monopoly acquired by the amalgamation of weapons steel in the direction of the silicon steel market, companies now have relatively conservative pricing of silicon steel products and better future growth space. In addition, bountiful steel is currently involved in such “one-way” projects as high iron, high voltage transmission, and it is hoped that further expansion will take place.
It has 34 unopposed silicon plates, with high-end silicon plates fully covered and bulk-stable supplies, of which 10 high-level silicon products fill the domestic void and the product should be used.
In major projects in the country, such as the Three Gorge underground power station, and the West East transmission. The electromagnetic and mechanical performance of the main silicon steel products of Bostal has reached international leadership.
Science and Technology's top prize steel, the project forms a complete autonomous intellectual property system, applying for 29 patents, 47 new patents, and 405 technology secrets.
The special-purpose silicon steel development and application project is officially launched. Quite optimally, the silicon steel is called the “art of art” in steel, and the market is in a situation of long supply stress due to high technical thresholds and complex processes.
Production lines. In the fourth quarter of this year, the Silicon Silicon Base will be ready for production in its fourth phase, with an additional capacity of 70,000 tons, the production of silicon steel products with thin specifications, and the company will strategically move into high-end electrical transformers, which will be a more energy-efficient source of Eastern wealth.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Treasure Steel Stock (600019): Carrier sails to a steady distance.
Figure 64 Electric steel production in recent years. Figure 65 Electric steel production growth in recent years.
Figure 662017 Productive capacity of our silicon steel production enterprises, Figure 67 Capacity of our silicon steel production enterprises, Figure 69 Mechanical performance of silicon steel production enterprises, 2015
The electromagnetic performance of silicon steel in figure 68, the source of financial prosperity in the east, and the main customer and use of silicone in figure 70.
4. The performance of steel in domestic appliances and mechanical equipment has been boosted by the use of steel products by 4.1 power-consumption congenial steel products, which are profitable enough to see medium-term growth in demand for home-based steel.
Real estate sales continue to fuel household electricity consumption. Because of the consumer order of “buying a house first, then renovating” the household consumption year, it is consistent with the construction cycle from the opening of the building to the receiving and inspection delivery.
As the rate of urbanization slows down, “newer demand” becomes the main mode of rising consumption in the electricity sector in China. Refrigerators are updated for 10 to 12 years, washing machines for 6 to 10 years, and air conditioning for 8 to 15 years.
Household appliances are about to be updated. The electric steel sector accounts for between 80 and 90% of all appliances, while washing machines, refrigerators, empty stations use an average of 21 kg, 34kg and 30 kg, respectively, while panels account for 95% of total consumption, mainly dry-finished panels, ceilings, backboards, sheeting and other side panels.
The stock of products remains low. Despite an increase in the stock peak of cold rollers in 2018 compared to 2017, the rate of decolonization of stocks is high, showing a mixed supply and demand situation, the social stock of cold rolls has fallen to its lowest level in the last three years and product prices and gross profits will remain high.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the correlation between the sale of merchandise houses and the consumption of domestic electricity, and the consumption of electricity and steel in my country.
Figure 73 consumption of electric steel back to growth trajectory Figure 74 Share of capacity of major producers of electric steel plates across the country, 2014 Figure 75 major composition of electrical steel plates
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the social stock of 76 cold-roll steel plates (tonnes) and the price and gross profit of 77 cold-roll products continue to be high.
Figure 78 Typical uses of electric steel 4.2 High innovation in global warming mechanical equipment using steel products with a 10% increase in demand for steel and a likely increase in demand in 2019.
With global economic warming, major economies are entering a new round of the Jugra cycle, driven by the decline in the macro-leveraging rate of industrial firms and the impact of capacity utilization.
The equipment investment is back-heating, and the prices of industrial goods are back-up. Jugrass is good for the supply of panels, hot rolls, tons of tons of steel, except for 3 million tons of hot-rolled car steel, most of which are used in machinery and machinery, vehicle structures, containers, etc.
As the global economy warms and the ocean industry, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom emerges, the number of hand-held and new orders from our major shipping enterprises has increased significantly compared to the same period last year.
Market demand for plywood has increased significantly, and stocks of plywood products have been at a low level for almost three years, and Maori innovations are high. Bore and steel are rich, producing about 2.4 million tons of steel per year, yielding about 2 million tons of steel, of which 50% is spent on ships, including mechanical steel, pipe steel, pressure vessels, nuclear electric steel, etc. Ships use steel for ship construction industries, mechanical knots, etc.
Steel consists mainly of the b-weldy, cf and bpm series and is widely used in concrete pumps, engineering cranes, tracked cranes, port cranes, mine machinery and engineering vehicles. Pipeline steel is used mainly in oil and gas transmission network construction, and container steel is used mainly in the manufacturing industry of industrial pressure containers.
As the global economy, dominated by the United States, is warming, international oil prices are rising, and oil-mining enterprises are providing productive incentives to drive up the demand for oil extraction and the manufacture of transport equipment. Based on the increase in demand for steel for energy in the period leading up to oil prices, energy and pipeline steel are expected to rise this year.
There will be a 10% increase in demand. Bold steel is the country’s only full-flow production company, with 140 seamless tubes, production lines, etc., producing oil wells, pipelines, special buttons, and uoe and erw lines, producing oil and gas pipeline steel.
Figure 79 Global economic recovery since 2016
East Hing Securities Depth Report, Treasure Steel Stock, 600019: The carrier sails safely faraway, showing a recovery in the price of 82 domestic industrial goods.
Figure 81 Growth in investment in equipment tools, recovery rate, growth in the volume of engineering machinery sold in our country in the last three years, and figure 84 Export of our main engineering machinery
Figure 85 Growth of new and hand-held orders by China Shipping Company 2017 Figure 86 International oil prices and sales of steel pipes (price: US dollars)
Figure 87 Social stock of the heated roll (tonnes) Figure 88 Social stock of the thick rolls (tonnes) Figure 89 Gross profit of the heated rolls maintained high (in yuan/tonnes)
Figure 90 High gross profit innovation of the plate (in yuan/tons) and the typical use of high-intensity hot-roll steel in the steel engineering machine
Treasure steel shares (600019): The carrier sails safely, the typical use of the steel-structured steel plate in figure 92 b-weldy series
b-weldyservices 5. Efficiency reduction and high-environmental inputs increase resilience to risk, and 5.1 cost reductions increase firms ' resilience to market risks
A strong corporate push to reduce efficiency gains will increase the ability of firms to sustain a steady profit from the market risks associated with the cycle of industry. The overall cost of a company ' s operations increased by 3 percentage points less than its gross operating income in 2017. The cost cuts will continue unabated in 2018, with a further reduction of 1 percentage point in the total cost of a company ' s operations and a further increase in its profitability.
After a significant decline in business performance in 2015, Treasure Steel shares set cost reduction targets of $4 billion and $6 billion in 2016, 2017, which were incorporated into the annual performance appraisal and eventually exceeded their targets.
On January 22, 2018, Treasure Steel shares set a new three-year cost reduction target: this is still relatively large. In terms of cost reduction space, the company’s ton steel operating cost in 2017 was on the public market.
At the 4th lowest in the middle, the potential for cost reduction is high, especially for the new integration of the Qingshan base. Due to the heavy burden of history, the Qingshan base now has a net profit of only $39, well below the level of 800 yuan/tonne/tonne at Boshan headquarters.The company is currently working on the conversion of the Qingshan base, which is expected to be fully completed by 2019.
The cost controls will then be applied to each of the production links of the Qingshan base, and the net profit will increase by at least 25 per cent if the Qingshan base returns to 50 per cent of its capital. In addition, the company ' s manpower costs are significantly higher than those of the entire industry, as reported in 2017.
Tons of steel profits from companies would increase by $150, which would increase the profits by a total of 7 billion dollars. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
Figure 94 Tonne steel business cost of steel cold roller products ($/t) Figure 95 Tonne steel business cost of steel heater products ($/t)
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Treasures and Steels (600019): Tons of steel operating costs for other steel products in figure 97
Figure 96 Ton steel operating cost of steel pipe products ($/tons) Figure 98 Average financial rate for boar steel is lowest among comparable sizes, Figure 99 Average long-term rate for boar steel is lowest among comparable sizes
The sales rate of 100 bobble steel is in the industry, and the management rate of 101 bobble steel is in the industry.
Figure 102: Average net asset rate of return Roe ranked first among comparable enterprises. Figure 103: Average total asset rate of remuneration Roa ranks first among comparable enterprises - Scord and Steel - River and Steel shares - First steel share
5.2 High environmental input increases companies' ability to withstand policy risks. Steels always stay green, and high environmental input makes them more competitive and profitable in the context of environmental production restrictions in the steel industry. As supply-side reforms escalate to environmental production limits, on the one hand, they limit backwardness.
The release of capacity has reduced effective supply and led to high capacity utilization; on the other hand, production costs for non-compliant steel enterprises (privately) have increased, increasing marginal costs across the industry, and for compliance steel companies (publicly owned) it has been equivalent to lower costs, increasing market competitiveness and profitability.
The profitability of steel companies is determined by the difference between the marginal costs of the industry and its own costs. Until supply-side reform and environmental protection, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth and production restrictions, the cost of the steel industry was reduced from a low to a low: environmentally unsound, long-flowing enterprise < < environmentally sound > .
The cost of the industry’s marginality is higher than that of the private sector. As a result of the higher demand for environmental indicators and the fact that state-owned enterprises have more complete environmental facilities, the cost of State-owned and private-owned enterprises is better balanced and more competitive.
It is estimated that adding a full set of environmentally friendly equipment will increase the cost of steel by 400-600-tons, the cost of adaptation will reach 200-300-tons, and some of the backward production capacity will not be ready for remodelling and will have to wait to quit.
Through engineering, management and technological tools, the company continuously strengthens environmental process management to ensure full compliance, control, and continuous improvement in the performance of key environmental indicators for pollutant emissions. Research has shown that the firm is currently far from the most stringent environmental standards, only nitrogen oxides are temporarily not met, and the rest of the projects are compatible, and future environmental costs will not be significant.
Companies will benefit from higher profits from rising marginal costs in the industry. Figure 104 increases the cost curve in the former steel industry, Figure 105 increases in the cost curve in the steel industry
6. Investment proposal and valuation
In the context of supply-side reforms, steel companies will be earning and profiting at a high level in the long term, with companies earning excess gains, mainly on the basis of additional capacity, product structure optimization space, and cost-control capabilities. A 1550 cold-rolling line will be added to the Bosunjiang base, with a further 3 million tons of coarse steel in the future.
The company’s priority products, automobile steel and electric steel, are high-value-added products with high technology thresholds, and have an absolute lead in technology and market access. In the long run, the country’s automobile and silicon steel markets are expected to grow steadily.
The implementation of the reduced efficiency gains has significantly reduced the company’s operating costs and increased its ability to withstand market risks; the increased ability of companies to withstand policy risks through high-environmental inputs has been an important guarantee for further improvements in their performance in the future. Based on the company’s published prices for manufacturing and spot markets in January-July, we judge the company’s products throughout the year.
The price hub is going to be slightly higher than last year, and later prices are going to be stable and cost-cutting on a continuous, massive scale.
Given the volatility of the sector, we use pb for comparative valuations. For the last year, the average pb of steel plates was 1.6, the average pb of companies was 1.2, based on the current position and innovation of Roe in the industry, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
• We believe that supply-side reforms have led to an extended industry cycle, while companies, as industry leaders and growth and performance stability, have become more meaningful using the dfc valuation model for stock-price forecasting. We provide an overview of the average return of 10.72% over the last 10 years, i.e. the average return on the stock market rim and the beta value 0.88, using the 10-year rate of return on public debt.
With a risk-free rate of return of 3.5 per cent, the company ' s wacc is 8.2 per cent, with the absolute steel shares we measure using the dcf model as industry leaders with high profitability and growth and performance stability. We see that (1) demand is less than expected; and (2) environmental production limits are less effective than expected.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
In 2016, it is directly or indirectly related to a specific proposal or idea to invest in the best-selected shares of the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.