The major stockholders changed, the old blood industry was rejuvenated and the stock market changed continuously, and the company built up a dynamic merger, and the company sailed.
White, human immunoglobin, special immunoglobin, condensed blood factor products, etc., passed 1,400 tons of slurry in 2022, the second largest in the industry. As of mid-2023, the company had four bases for producing blood products (not counted in Guangxiles) and had single blood harvesting in 11 provinces.
Forty-two slurry stations (including one new company of combs in February 23, excluding Guangxi crown shares (1330 million shares) were transferred to the Heir Group, with a total transfer price of $12.5 billion, and after the transfer price the shareholders in the company would change to the Hale Group, holding 26.58 per cent of the shares in the company, which is expected to be the company.
● Merger and acquisition integration accelerates, adds up to the policy boom, and the industry opens up new opportunities.
Planning, last two years into planning (24, 25 years), the approval of the slurry station is expected to accelerate. The blood product industry has been re-engaging frequently in recent years, and the concentration of the industry has continued to rise.
Powder ceilings. In the company's bulletin, Kilifor proposes to change the duration of the existing protein agency agreement to 10 years and grant the company the right to renew it for another 10 years, as the sole domestic agent of the offshore company, Kilifor, the importer of which will remain stable for the next 20 years.
..and demand continues to recover, corporate products are well structured and core varieties of advantages are evident: the company is the sole distributor of Kilifor in mainland China, with a higher share of the market.
Importer white sales are growing steadily; home-grown white increases are matched by slurry increases, which support firm growth.
The tight supply and demand balance of blood products is or will be broken again, adding price differentials within and outside the Institute and the optimal profitability of the product itself, which is expected to give the company a new engine of growth. Other blood products: the market for human fibre protein glue is growing rapidly, and companies approve it.
The issuance of batches has grown steadily; the Crete 8 factor was ranked third in the 2023 series, followed by the company’s position as a leader in the industry, and Hale is expected to continue to finance the slurry station as well as expand as expected; the risk of policy uncertainty; and the risk of goodwill impairment.
One-scale industry leads the old blood industry, with 1.130 years of sedimentation, and a big blood industry that builds a matrix rich. Shanghai vegetable is China's leading blood producer, with slurry being among the highest in the country.
Shanghai Vegetable Blood Products Ltd. was established in 1988 in a joint venture between the rare antibody antigen supply company of the United States (“United States Vegetables”) and Shanghai City Blood Center Blood Transfusion Equipment, a large-scale production of blood products in China's first joint venture, which was transformed into a joint stock company in 2007 and placed on the market in 2008.
As a result of more than 30 years of sedimentation and development, the company has developed a product matrix consisting of human blood protein, human immunoglobin, special immunoglobin, condensed blood factor products, etc. By mid-2023, the company had received a new one in February, distributed in Guangxi, Hunan, Hainan, Shaanxi, Anhui, Guangdong, Nemon, Zhejiang,
In the 11 provinces of Hubei, Jiangxi and Shandong (Autonomous Region), the number of slurry stations, the spread of regions and the amount of slurry extracted were among the highest in the industry.
The Heir Group is expected to lead the company to a new stage of development. In 2020, the company completed a 45% acquisition of the stock of gds, and the parent company of gds acquired about 26.2% of the shares of the Shanghai Les.
It was announced that the Hale Group had spent $12.5 billion to obtain 20% of the shares held by grifols, while grifols entrusted the remaining 6.58% of the voting rights to the Hale Group or its designated related parties. According to the agreement, in the next 20 working days, Kilifor should have facilitated the convening of an interim general stockholders meeting to elect four candidates nominated by the Hale Group for the board of directors.
To become a director of the company, and to nominate a non-independent director, Hale will have nine seats on the company's board of directors.
In the future, Hal will increase his support for vegetable research and development, taking advantage of the group’s strengths in areas such as physical networking, health, etc., to empower Les and help improve the effectiveness of the company. And Shandong’s population is concentrated in the province of blood products.
According to this announcement, Les and Kilifor revised the current sole agent agreement for protein to 10 years and gave the company the right to renew it for another 10 years.
In the meantime, Kilifor promised to supply companies with a minimum annual supply of protein at competitive prices for the period 2024-2028, thereby further enhancing the stability of agency operations. Continued acquisitions, with significant synergies, began a series of acquisitions in 2013 with the acquisition of Lée, Chengzhou.
On November 10, 2023, the company announced the acquisition of 95% of Guangxi Crest, and after the takeover, the company will actively promote the resumption of production at the Guangxi Crest and further deepen the company’s influence in Guangxi, further increasing the slurry ceiling.
The company’s senior management team has a strong industry and professional background. The core staff has overseas education and research.
China’s nationality, no right of permanent residence abroad, born in August 1987, master’s degree, registered accountant.
Graduated in financial business management from the Faculty of Management of the University of Dan in 2019 from the Central European School of International Business and Industry, Chen Lok (fba). He was a senior auditor at the PwC accounting firm, Bad Medical Science and Technology (Shanghai) Ltd.
Ministry Manager, Senior Financial Manager, Director of Finance, Clifford Medicines and Technology (Shanghai) Ltd.
The establishment of the scheme will help the Department to further bind its core staff and fully motivate its staff, thereby contributing to a sustained improvement in its effectiveness.
Repurchase highlights long-term development confidence. On 1 September 2023, the company completed its equity buyback programme.
1.2 A robust growth in performance, a steady increase in income earnings from imported proteins, and rapid growth in the blood industry. At the revenue end, the company achieved an increase in operating income of 19.87% in 2022. At the profit end, the company was affected by the higher costs of asset restructuring intermediaries in 2018, resulting in a loss to its parent.
Procuring protein leads to a slight decline in profits. The company ' s overall Māori rate has declined in recent years, mainly because of the company ' s new imported protein agent business since 2020, which has a lower Māori ratio than its own blood product and hence lower overall. In 2018-2022, the company ' s net interest rate increased significantly and slowed down. The company ' s net profit in 2018 was net.
In the future, the net interest rate is expected to return to growth as companies optimize their marketing management systems and deepen their collaboration with Kilifor in various fields of specialization, among other things.
Cost control has yielded significant results and improved cost rates. Corporate sales/management/financial cost rates have declined in the first three quarters of 2023, financial cost rates have generally been relatively stable, and control fees have worked well. Corporate sales/management/research protein products accounted for the highest share of revenue in 2022, and protein products generated $4,224 million in business income in 2022.
The share of income from blood products is 64.93 per cent, while static C products generate business income from protein products of 1.313 billion yuan, or 20.19 per cent of the income from blood products. Corporate protein products are divided into home-grown proteins and imported proteins.
Product revenues of 1,489 million yuan, an increase of 23.50 per cent over the same year, imports of protein products of 2,734 million yuan, continuing growth in depth and the re-establishment of cooperation agreements in equity transfer schemes, stability of corporate agency operations and sustainability of performance growth.
A sustained recovery in demand, a marginal supply easing, and a growing demand for the sector.
Access to the blood products industry is highly demanding, and industry barriers are strong. Given the special nature and security requirements of the blood products industry, the Government is very strict in regulating the blood products industry.
The Circular of the Office of the State Council on the Publication of China’s Action Plan to Prevent and Combat AIDS (2001-2005), issued by the State Council in 2001, states that the State will no longer authorize the establishment of new blood products production enterprises for volume control.
During the year, the circular issued by the Ministry of Health on matters related to the management of single-plast stations (Medical Development No. 2012-5) provided that no fewer than six varieties of blood products should be registered, that the production unit for blood products with the national immunization plan should not be less than five, and that it should contain both human blood protein, human immunoglobin and human condensation factors.
There are currently only 13 companies in the country that are qualified, such as Skyfare, Shanghai Vegetables, and Huallan Organisms. The 14th Five-Year Plan plans for the construction of domestic slurry stations, which are expected to increase significantly.
19 stations, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region plans to set up 10 single plasma stations throughout the region for 2022-2025, and Henan province plans 7 single plasma stations, etc. The number of approved slurry stations in the future country is expected to increase significantly during the 1455s as more provinces disclose plans for the construction of slurry stations.
The efficiency of the head is clear, the slurry station is concentrated, and the concentration of the industry is expected to increase -- step by step. Under the policy environment, the concentration of the industry has increased as a result of the high incidence of M&As in domestic blood industry.
In recent years, with the rapid expansion of the company’s slurry stations, the level of supply of raw materials has been rising. As of 30 June 2023, 102 slurry stations owned by the planetariums and 76 at the slurry stations; and Shanghai vegetables.
There are 42 slurry stations, 41 at camp slurry stations, and 1 new slurry station, 2023h1. There are 32 slurry stations owned by Warland organisms, and 28 at camp slurry stations. There are 38 slurry stations owned by Parlin organisms and 31 at camp slurry stations. There are 14 slurry stations owned by Boya organisms and 13 at camp slurry stations. There are 9 slurry stations owned by luminous organisms and 9 blood at camp slurry stations.
Slurry supplies can come only from humans, and blood-based plasma can be collected only at single plasma stations controlled by blood-producing enterprises, so the rare resource attributes of blood-producing products are highlighted. In the context of the high scarcity of plasma resources and the high concentration of industries, the competitive advantage of leading enterprises with larger numbers of agricultural stations is evident.
The concentration of the industry will increase further. Blood products are broadly adaptable and non-substitutable. Blood products are products that separate the different proteins in the blood, which are produced in different ways, depending on function and structure, and blood products can be divided into proteins, immune balls.
The hemoglobin, which is the most abundant protein in the plasma, is the most widely used blood product in the country, and is widely used for tumours, liver diseases, and diseases.
The use of blood products in the country is low per capita. As medical conditions and health awareness improve in the country, the use of blood products and clinical applications continue to expand, and the demand for blood products increases year by year.
In terms of per capita use, the per capita consumption of blood products in China is much lower than in the international developed countries, with the per capita consumption of blood protein in China being less than 0.1 g/year, the per capita consumption of immunization protein being less than 0.01 g/year, while in the United States, Canada, Japan and elsewhere, the per capita per capita consumption of blood protein is about 0.5 g/year, and the per capita consumption of immunization protein is about 0.5 g/year.
The impact of the epidemic has subsided, and demand for blood products has recovered. In 2023, with the spread of the epidemic and the recovery of the economy, hospitals have been able to increase their use of blood products.
According to the National Health Board, there is an overall increase in the demand for medical treatment in health-care establishments, except for the 2020 epidemic, which was affected by the epidemic. The regular demand for blood products continues to warm, with the subsequent increase in the number of batches. With regard to the issuance of batches, there was an improvement in the number of batches of major blood products issued in 2023.
It is clear that in 2023, the main varieties of human blood products, such as haemoglobin, immunoglobin, rabies, proteins, etc., grew well. 2.3 The conflicting demand and supply patterns were highlighted, and the slurry efficiency increased in space.
As the system of regulation of the production of blood products continues to improve, the amount of slurry continues to grow. In 2016-2022, in addition to being affected by the epidemic in 2020, the amount of slurry in the country increased from year to year, rising to 10181 tons in 2022.
There is still a significant gap between the amount of plasma collected and the actual demand for blood. The domestic demand for blood is estimated to be more than 16,000 tons per year, according to data from the national production and import of blood products, while the single plasma station in the country collected about 10,181 tons in 2022.
The potential space for domestic slurry is yet to be developed for a sustained surge in market demand, dependence on imports to resolve supply and demand conflicts. Figure 19 “Dual-track system” for the blood products industry, 2016-2022.
Under the single-track system, the country's blood products industry has achieved a “two-track” system, namely, the strict separation of blood donation, blood donation systems, blood transfusions by medical institutions from the production of blood products by enterprises. Under the “two-track” system, blood transfusions are carried out by medical institutions (most of them merely concentrated blood cells).
In order to increase the combined use of the plasma, which is not allowed to be provided to the enterprise, the use of the blood resources is low, and the combined use of the plasma is still to be achieved. In order to increase the combined use of the plasma, the single plasma station management scheme was introduced in 2008 which provides that the new single plasma station company must register no fewer than six species of blood products to undertake the national immunization programme.
In 2016, the National Board of Health and Family Planning issued an Opinion on the Promotion of the Healthy Development of Single Blood Pulse Stations, which requires approval of new single blood-promotion stations in favour of companies producing blood products with high R & D capacity, high levels of combined plasma use, and regulated blood production. These regulations and recommendations have contributed to some extent to the country’s efforts.
Figure 20 shows how the blood products of the country's blood industry, the “double-track” system, have to be improved.
According to the Chinese plasma survey, there are more than 150 proteins and factors in the blood, more than 20 products can be separated from large foreign companies using layered methods, and the levels of purity and combined use of plasma in our blood-producing enterprises are low.
In the future, as new protein separation technologies and methods continue to evolve, new products will be developed, domestic blood varieties will be enriched, and plasma use will increase.
In 2022, the first four companies collected more than 1,000 tons of plasma, which together accounted for more than 60% of the country’s plasma collection. The combined use of the plasma determined the company’s ton income and ton profit levels.
Tons of slurry are more than $2.6 million for Perim and Boya. We estimate the profitability of the ton slurry of the major blood companies. By comparing the ton slurry profits of the leading blood companies in 2022, the ton slurry profits are higher for Shanghai Lace, Boya, and Hualan, while the ton profits of the ton slurry are lower, ton.
In the future, as firms increase their combined plasma use and as more new products are approved, so will the ton profit. The growth space of blood companies depends on the amount of slurry (new slurry station expansion capacity) and the efficiency of operations (ton slurry profit)
The supply and demand gap in the blood industry will persist for some time to come, and the number of slurry stations and the efficiency of the slurry are expected to ease the supply and demand imbalance. In the long run, blood-collecting policies and industry trends tend to favour firms with high plasma growth and combined plasma utilization.
Figure 222018 - 2022 Annual slurry (tons) by enterprise highlights the advantages of the core variety, active M&A escort 3.1 proteins: proxy Kilifor haemoglobins, significant market incremental space
Protein is the highest concentration of human plasma and can only be synthesized by liver cells, approximately 45 g/l, or 60% of the total plasma protein. The protein has a variety of physiological functions, including the maintenance of plasma glue penetration pressure and immuno-regulation, the transport and integration of hydrophobic substances, the maintenance of the integrity of microcycle functions, the fight against the toxicity of active oxygen and active nitrogen substances.
Clinically, human blood protein is used mainly for emergency treatments with insufficient blood capacity (e.g., loss of blood wounds, shock caused by burns), treatment of cerebral edema and increased cranium caused by injuries, treatment of cirrhosis of the liver and edema or abdominal water caused by kidney disease, etc.
Human blood protein separation is highly demanding and poorly supplied domestically. From the production process, human blood proteins are produced by healthy human plasma separated by low-temperature ethanol protein separation (compressive filter separation process) and developed at 60 degrees by heating the live virus. At present, most domestic and foreign enterprises separate pure human blood from the blood plasma.
The supply of human blood proteins is still inadequate because of the high demand for the market and the fact that it is difficult to satisfy the demand for human blood-free proteins alone. Due to the huge gap in clinical demand, human blood proteins are the only products of blood products that are allowed to be imported into the country. According to data from the Central Court of Justice, they were produced in 2022.
Issuance of 1530 batches of white, 2807 batches of imported haemoglobin, more than half of which need to be imported, with a large supply gap in the domestic haemoglobin market and an increasing proportion of imports.
In 2021, the company signed an exclusive agency agreement with Kilifor to designate the company and its affiliates as the sole distributor of the products associated with Kilifor protein in mainland China. Kilifor is the largest plasma company in Europe and one of the largest blood products in the world.
The first four importers, Baxter, Griffols, Jettbelin (csl) and Oktma, respectively, generated sales revenues of 9.6, 27.3 and 1.64 billion yuan from the company's imports of protein from 2023h1 years to 2023h1.
The only domestic agent in Kilifor, the Human Blood Protein Agency, is expected to make a sustained increase in performance. Chart 26,2022: Proportion of imported persons issued blood-teprotein batches (%) 3.2 Stepc: good demand after the epidemic, opening up international markets
IDUs, also known as C-protein, or C-protein, are blood products that are purified in a large number of healthy groups of people mixed with blood plasma, have dual treatments for immunoregulation and immuno-substitution, which, after intravenous injection, can rapidly increase the immune protein g (ig) levels in the patient's blood, thereby increasing the resistance of the organism.
Infection (viral, bacterial, and other pathogens) and immuno-regulating functions. The industry is expected to maintain a high profile during the epidemic.
In 2021, the new crown infection rate rose and the number of patients with severe illnesses admitted to the hospital increased, resulting in a significant increase in the demand for and the single price of Qin C. In the long run, the new crown epidemic has increased the awareness and spread of the disease among patients, even though short-term demand has diminished after the epidemic has subsided and is expected to be affected by increased respiratory infections, such as influenza, substrate infections, etc.
In addition to the domestic market, the sharp decline in blood products exported by Europe and the United States to countries like South-East Asia has led to shortages of blood products in non-mainstream markets overseas.
In overseas markets, Qingcang is the most used species and is sold at higher prices. Domestic Qinc is close to $600, while prices of the same kind in some advanced European and American countries are higher than domestic Qinc and export prices are higher.
The company actively seeks partners in the development of international markets. The company is one of the country's first producers of blood products to open overseas markets, and one of the largest producers of blood products to export domestically. The main export products are Silent Co-Brussel, which has signed an agreement to sell human immunoglobin to Brazil.
The total amount of the agreement is US$16,000,000. The foreign market is in high demand and long-term good, leaving the company to open up the growing ceiling further.
Figure 31 Comparison of prices of antiquities abroad (2.5g/bottle) The products are of a full range and the income contribution is stable. The corporate condensation factor product matrix is rich and is the most comprehensive of all.
In addition, there has been a significant increase in the 23-year batch of products such as human fibrous proteins, coagulation factors, etc., 445 times in January-December 2023, of which 55, or about 12.36%, were issued in Shanghai; 93, or more, were issued in 2023, with wide market space.
The Division will further increase the use of raw blood plasma in condensed blood-factor products, gradually expand the condensate-type production by 3.4, increase the excavation of the stock-stations, expand the sources of the slurry to achieve a new breakthrough, and the company's single-slurch stations are rich in resources.
The company and its subsidiaries, Sun Corporation, owned 42 single plasma stations (including one newly approved in February 2023), of which Shanghai Laish owns 18 slurry stations with 7 species; same-routine organisms were reported in mid-2023.
The company is one of the few producers of blood products that can extract six components of plasma in the country, and one of the most comprehensive types of condensed blood-factor products in the country.
On 17 February of the year, the company disclosed a bulletin on the approval of fully-owned subsidiaries to set up single plasma stations, and the company ' s wholly-owned associates received a copy from the Health Health Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region to the Health and Health Committee of the City of Ulaanbaatar.
On 10 November 2023, in accordance with the company ' s announcement, the company, by means of the company ' s announcement, decided to establish a single plasma station in the city of Fung, Ulancabo, which would increase the number of slurry stations owned by the company to 42.
At a price of $480 million, 95 per cent of Guangxi Crest was acquired, with the core assets of a company producing blood products capable of producing 200 tons of blood plasma, with human haemoglobin, intravenous human immunoglobin, three product varieties, and two single-plastic plasma stations, located in Nanning, Guangxi Liang Autonomous Region.
The number of slurry stations will increase to 44. Guangxi Crest is the only blood-producing company in Guangxi Autonomous Region. The Guangxi Autonomous Region is the country’s traditional province for slurry.
The strategic layout of the Guangxi Liang Autonomous Region further expands the excellent blood resources of the Guangxi Liang Autonomous Region and provides a good basis for building a blood production base that integrates the latest technological advances in the industry.
On December 29, 2023, the Heel Group signed a Strategic Co-operation and Equity Purchase Agreement with the public sector shareholder Griffos to purchase 20% of the shareholdings of Chili Fu's Shanghai cabbage at a total cost of $12.5 billion, with a combined vote of 26.58%.
In the course of the Great Health Industry, technological innovation is integrated with the Great Health Industry, which has created a healthy ecology throughout its life, branding, and owning two publicly listed companies, Hale Organisms and Lives. In the course of its life, it has been centred on the needs of its users, deep-farming biology, medical devices, medical services, etc., in the collection of blood components of the plasma, and so on.
This strategic collaboration is a key process for the Hale Group to go deep into the core areas of health care. The company’s pursuit of safety, quality and innovation complements Hal’s user-centred vision of excellence.
It is expected that research and development and integration advantages will continue in the blood industry.
Biotech, life sciences and medical innovations, high-end medical devices.
The entire cycle of the disease is the eco-economy of the intellectual innovation industry, the digital landscape.
Digital medical scene ecology □ biopharmaceutical □ gamma knife
□ Internet hospital □ Smart laboratory □ straight-line accelerator
□ Integrated Tumor Treatment □ Experimental Clouds □ Wise Guard
□ Intelligent blood.
Proton treatment □ family health management
The company's operations can be divided into two major plates: agent blood products, home-grown blood products, testing equipment and reagents, which include home-grown proteins, static props, other blood products (crete factors, etc.), which we believe will be for the first generation.
Rigid plates, corporate agent Kilifor protein revenues are expected to grow steadily, and Māori rates are expected to be at the same level as historical levels; 2) Self-generated plates, a. Self-produced proteins, siltcs, etc., are needed for 23 years to add up to stock, his blood products, given the company ' s early condensation sub-product layout, improved product matrices, and income growth rates are expected
The company's new gds agent in 2022, which we believe is expected to maintain a high increase in earnings from a relatively small previous period, and the Māori rate remains stable. From an industry perspective, the blood industry is highly regulated, barriers to entry are high, players are more stable, and slurry is more stable.
Slurry is closely linked and growth is stable; the process of new slurry stations is expected to accelerate as the 14th Five-Year Policy comes to an advanced stage. In recent times, there has been a high incidence of M&As in the industry, and industry concentration is expected to increase further, and companies are expected to be more active in M&As in a more friendly environment (e.g., acquisition of Guangxi Crests).
Demand surges, rapid infusion of stock for 23 years, and another recent outbreak of respiratory diseases, demand at the end of the cycle, or a re-emerging supply-and-demand situation, with higher prices for priority products. In the future, the scale of the blood products market is expected to expand as clinical values of blood products are increasingly recognized and as the technologies for separation increase in purity become available.
The company is the top three blood producers in the slurry industry, and the product matrix is perfect. Since 2014, the company has 44 single plasma stations (including two of the acquired Guangxi Crests) and five production bases (Shanghai, Shanghai, Thailand) since the end of the year.
In recent days, the company announced that the man in charge had become the Hale Group, which would have five of the company’s nine board seats. The Hale Group is a large group-owned enterprise that is deep-drawing, operating around the world with radiation, operating across biopharmaceuticals, intelligent people, etc.
In recent years, with the advance of the medically healthy industry and the presence of two listed companies, Hale Biology and Leisure Lives, Happiness has increased its brand power and market power in Shandong region, and has accelerated its acquisition of new slurry stations, bringing about slurry, and we value the company's position as a leader in the industry, and Heir's arrival is expected to sustain its resources at the slurry stations.
The slurry station is not expanding as expected; there is a risk of policy uncertainty; there is a risk of impairment of goodwill; there is a secondary market investment and a secondary market research experience. Contact person: Chen Jiuji, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research in the health-care sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.