China China Free Chinamgroupdoutfree (601888ch) Investment free day: catalyst diversification, boosted tax-exempt data in November
Coyonyuanku, Maria Lilulu, hot speed review flashanalysis.
The company’s performance is expected to rise again with the release of the policy dividend. In the first week of the New Deal, China’s tourism consumer market continued to warm up, and tax-free purchases from the island continued to rise.
With $506 million and 729 million in shopping, the demand for resilience has been demonstrated, with 34.86 and 3.37 per cent, respectively, respectively. In October-November, tax-exempt sales data from Hainan Island increased by double digits, and companies have confidence in the overall expectations for the coming year. With the rare license plates of “off-island plus exit”, companies are expected to pick up a new round of growth in the context of the continued release of the policy dividend.
The company plans to upgrade its sales performance through a full range of channels for the Sea Bay project, the city-based tax-free shop, and the airport-free shop. The Sea Bay project will complement its functions through three different phases of a heterogeneous layout. One focused one-stop shopping will provide a full range of goods in the form of a “box”; the second will focus on a tax-based business; and the third will build neighbourhoods designed by Nordic designers, focusing on lifestyle and parent experience, and will plan to launch the tri-Asian exclusive product market in partnership with brands such as lv.
In-country duty-free shops will take full advantage of the “first-release” consumer tax refund policy, introduce domestic goods, and focus on such items as drones, mobile phones and Chinese black technology electronics for foreign visitors. At the same time, their location will be strengthened as a service bridge for exempt members, leading to off-line passenger flow to online platforms by providing services such as off-line swaps, maintenance, etc. The airport duty-free shops, although international passenger traffic at Beijing and Shanghai airport has resumed, still have scope for raising sales performance.
Gold products have become one of the company’s new pillars, with companies producing scale effects through the introduction of multi-brand brands such as the Old Temple, Chinese gold, and Chinese gold, as well as six-futures, and Sherezen, and plans to continue to introduce more brands to enhance the quality of the product.
In addition, new products such as pets, musical instruments, as well as silk towels, costumes, shoes, etc., as well as silk towels, costumes, shoes.
In the case of high-value customers, the company has launched a “s-store” scheme, which has been introduced through the introduction of an off-island senior shop manager, a comprehensive upgrading of management, experience and crm standards for branded flagship shops. There are already 25 luxury shops that have been branded under a mystery.
In addition, the company regularly conducts exclusive screening activities such as jewellery appraisals, high-end bookings, etc., to meet the specific needs of high-value groups of customers. In the context of the new and emerging customer base, Russian customers have performed well in terms of foreign departing customers, and Russian customers have performed well in terms of consumption, accounting for about 40% of departing customers, and South-East Asia.
With regard to capital spending, the company controls the total investment in heavy asset platform projects (e.g., Triya III, Haiguchi).
The company is a cash-flow-type enterprise that has a large cash flow and does not hold a large amount of cash flow (less than a tax-free business return) for a long time, and continues to study investment mergers and acquisitions opportunities. The company will in the future expand offshore operations, carry out project studies, etc., and obtain quick acquisitions through investment and purchase.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
3.37%, individually, demonstrainingtheresilienceofdemand.hainan'soffshoreduty-freesidedataforoctobertonovmer Bothachieveddouble-digitgroveth, and thecompanyreinsconfinentsoveralloutookfield.levelagingotherre 'offshoreanddeparture'dualduty-ferelicense, andwithpolicybenefiectscontiningtobereeled, the companynyexpedtotedtore
The companyplanstoimplementacomprehensivechannelupgradeforthehaitangbay project,downtown-freestores, and airportduty-freestoimprovesperformance.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Downtown-freestoreswillwillfulfuldvantageofthe'taxfirst, demander'consumptiontaxrefundpolicy, introduce domesticproducts, andfurtherexpandcategorischusdrasdones, mobiluphones, andchinetechchinnovationsforfundfund forigncustoms.athesametime, theirpossessionwillwellweldnewassesercesseveraidforbandfornationalfreemembers,
The companywillfellforsalesrowsrowsofthecomphensiverenovationoftheshanghailarportsatelliteminaltotakeychannelsalsalesalesalsalesalesalsalesalsalesalsales
High-level program development, theweightingofproductsisincreasing, andemergingcategoriesmay contributetoadidealsales.goldproducthavebecomeofthecompany'snewpillars.thecompanyhascreatedascale effectbyintroducingmultiplandsuchaslaomiao, Chinagold, lukfook, andtsuiluuien, andplanstocontinousbringin
The companyhasstabliedduty-freesaleschannelsforblandsläandhuaweifscrack, withasalestargetforapple produtsapproaching 2.5bilionmbby 2025.moreover, thebrandsaveopenedexpendexclusivetravelretalsforthemand
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, it's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, it's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, it's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, it's like this.
Forh-net-worthclicents, thecompanylaunchedthe'sstoreprogram,' whichroducescioremanersfromoutside the Islandandelevatsetsmanagement, Customerexpersperity, and crmsystograms.sofar, 25luxurystores.
There's a situation where there's a lot of people who don't know what they're doing, and there's a lot of people who don't know what they're doing, and there's a lot of people who don't know what they're doing, and there's a lot of people who don't know about it, and there's a lot of people who don't know about it, and there's a lot of people who don't know about it, and there's a lot of people who don't know about it.
The companyregularyhostsexclusiveeventssuchasjewelryappraisalsandhgh-endordingmeatingstodeepcatherto the specificneedsofhigh-net-worthclients.intermsofingcustomerbaseexpansion, the companystarchesoutboundforeign travelers: russicustomershowoutstandingspendingperformance, accumulatingforapproximately 40%ofoutboundcustomers,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, benefisforislandresidentshavenotyetsignificantlyboosted the company's performanceandwillretheimplementation of specialpolicies.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to have to do this.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
They're not the only ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing, they're the ones who don't know what they're doing.