Management drives improvements in fundamentals, valuations can be raised, and we believe that the basics of the Beijing bank will continue to improve. As stock issues are gradually cleared, risk controls will remain intact, and the pressure on the provision will continue to be reduced. Management continues to promote corporate business, retail transformation, and niches.
Public-sector business upgrades, and future corporate regional and customer advantage in Beijing and the core economic belt will continue to grow, and profitability is expected to increase. The company’s valuation is now close to the bottom of the industry, the dividends are close to the top of the industry, and there is greater scope for valuation uplifting, keeping an eye on the company’s value and share price performance.
Stock issues continue to be cleared up and risk control significantly improved. The write-off has been large over the past few years, and the pressure on the provision for subsequent stock issues has been significantly reduced. More importantly, the company has been able to manage risk in response to prior risk events: enhance customer access and adjust its stock customer structure; and the company has strengthened its “person” management.
Risk control has improved, and the quality of future assets has improved continuously, and companies have been pressured to allocate more or less. The client base and node advantages are not replicable, and the institutional operations in Beijing have been consolidated since 2020.
The Department ' s stock client base is good and the regional advantages of the country ' s core economic belt are not replicable, particularly in Beijing, where since 2020 the Ministry of Institutional Operations has been established and the Beijing region has been well established or continuously consolidated and strengthened.
Management promotes business improvement, business improvement activates the client base. At the same time that stock issues are resolved, corporate governance actively promotes strategic landings and business upgrading.
In terms of inputs, manpower, and incentives, the company clearly proposes a multiplicity of clients, making a big effort to create a pool of customers, location and customer potential, or to stimulate it, and we believe that, on the one hand, the stock problem is gradually being resolved and, on the other hand, the management of the company’s operations is being managed.
Bank of Beijing: Rehabilitating Profit, Retail Transformation Promotion Bank of Beijing: Growth of Income Performance, Continuous Improvement of Asset Quality Reference to our previous analysis of companies, stock improvements, provision for stress relief, business development
• Bank of Beijing: At the time of asset quality optimization, the retail transition was under way
Real estate, economic downside stress, leading to a deterioration in asset quality. First, the regional advantage is not replicable, and the Beijing client advantage is prominent.
The main economic belt, the regional advantages of the core cities are not replicable. The Bank of Beijing is the largest commercial bank in the city, with its size and profitability at the top of the city's comptoirs. The Bank of Beijing network covers the central cities of the long triangle, bead triangle, ring sea and Yangjiang economic zone.
The company’s assets are located mainly in the economically developed regions of Beijing, Shenzhen, Shandong, Zhejiang, and its networks are located mainly in the capital city, the capital city, and the share of credit invested in Beijing, Shenzhen and Shanghai is exceedingly high.
The impact of other business developments, such as financial penetration or the Internet, on the industry has been adequate compared to the coverage of these regional and non-core cities and underdeveloped regions. These regions are well-developed, open markets, a better credit environment, and competition in these regional markets, Internet competition, and other financial practices have been very strong.
In other regions, deposits have become more marketable, the wealth structure of the population has become more diverse, entrepreneurship has become more modern, business finance has become more intensive, and institutional advantages have been consolidated.
Establishment of the local retail business base; support for major capital projects, priority enterprises, and accommodation of high-quality public-to-public groups; long-term services to the Government and local institutions, with significant advantages in the areas of financial, social, health, medical, educational and other institutional operations.
Financial aspects: In 2020, the Tungzhou regional fiscal authorization to pay the commission agent became the only new correspondent bank to be created in 17 years.
Municipal financial operations services, the online Beijing non-tax revenue collection system, which for 16 years has been awarded the Beijing municipal tax non-tax revenue collection agency bank; urban and rural residents and flexible employment workers in Beijing have opened channels for the payment of insurance on the end of a mobile bank; social security has been successful in breaking through the opening of the accounts of the Beijing municipal pension insurance fund for urban and rural residents; and as the only municipal comptoir, participated in the issuance of the first insurance cards in the city.
For the first time, China has signed an operational cooperation agreement with the Beijing Housing Provident Fund Management Centre to actively promote cross-market sales by clients of the Fund.
In the health sector, health-care clients in Beijing have been consolidated. In the first half of 2021, health-care linkages were increased by 61 per cent, and the number of clients has increased by 61 per cent over the same period, and they have been effectively channelled through products such as medical treasures and the exclusive use of new customers; and in conjunction with the Beijing Health-Safety Office, an information platform has been set up for the sale of supplementary commercial health insurance for universal health coverage.
(a) Mode of operation of the smart medical system: health-care clients can activate health-care electronic certificates, hang-ups, medicines, etc. through the Beijing Bank's mobile bank, pay them in two-dimensional yards, support queries and claims, and the company, as the first city comptoir, acquires national electronic health-care certificates, which are universally recognized across regions.
Further green access to credit cards for health-care clients to promote cross-selling. Chart 4. Smart Health-Care Cellular Bank Interface. Education: At the end of June 2020, the Bank of Beijing launched the Smart Education project, which was run by the Ministry of Retail Banking, the Department of Institutional Operations and the Electronic Bank.
The Ministry, the Department of Trade and Banking, and the Department of Software Development have worked together to provide easy-to-reach services such as on-line tuition, accommodation, meals, and incidentals, and to provide comprehensive systematic services for school management, parents, and students. In mid-2021, the “school fees” product was located in 79 educational institutions, with 26 new ones compared to last year.
Business management promotes business upgrading, business improvement activates the customer base 2.1. The overall transformation of the “Kyoto Engineering” digitalization strategy optimizes the organizational restructuring of the science and technology sector, resulting in an IT governance structure 1 “1+3+1”, enhanced synergy with the business sector, strategy
“1+3+1” means three sectors of the information technology line and the North Bank Financial Science and Technology Corporation. In 2020, the company established a digital finance department based on the former “online professional team”, a bridge linking the front and back-office sectors of science and technology, a digitalization of traditional products and services, and a linear transformation. The data management department was set up to take the lead in data governance and ensure a digital transformation.
In 2020, the Bank of Beijing invested $2.2 billion in technology research and development, raising its share of operating income to 3.4%.
In total, nearly 800 people, or about 5% of the population, started and continued to build the 10 largest “Kyoto Engineering” project clusters, set up new basic platforms for financial science and technology, from core systems, data governance to business systems, to customer systems, and gradually advanced digitalization through comprehensive system coverage.
Figure 6. Integrated financial services license plate for the Beijing Bank ' s Kyoto Crafts Project 2.2 is more comprehensive and the wealth business is moving forward positively
The Bank of Beijing’s consolidated financial license plate is comprehensive, with life insurance, funds, financial leasing, consumer finance, and financial management. By establishing subsidiaries, joint ventures, joint ventures, etc., companies have improved their combined operating license plate, including life expectancy in the Netherlands, China and the United States, North Bank leasing, North Bank consumption, etc., and have a superior license plate than their counterparts in the city’s comptoirs, and the company’s combined operations and services are more capable of doing so.
In 2020, wealth management, funds, insurance, precious metals, third-party sales, etc., accumulated more than $75 billion. In the case of foundations, high-quality products and head fund companies, business growth has been rapid. In mid-2021, the gross life assets of the Dutch public fund continued to grow at a faster rate, with the benefits of insurance replacements in the first half of 2021 reaching their full year of 2020.
In mid-2021, the number of retail customers reached 24.55 million, an increase of 975,000 compared to the beginning of the year, which was the highest in the last five years; and the size of vip clients was over 750,000, up from the beginning of the year.
A total of 8.5 per cent of private bank clients passed 10,000 and the middle- and high-end client base continued to tighten. At the end of the quarter, retail aum grew to $84.72 billion, retail loans and deposits grew by 11 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year, and continued to grow faster than the average of line loans and deposits, while retail line interest receipts rose to 38 per cent of interest on loans, while net retail receipts increased by 27 per cent and wealth by 87 per cent in the previous three quarters.
In 2020, the balance of corporate financial loans for science and technology was $161.4 billion, the balance of cultural financial loans was $67.5 billion, and the two main features accounted for 25 per cent of corporate bank loans and 15 per cent of total loans.
The corporate model of science and technology finance has become more mature, and, in cooperation with government platforms, has created specialized institutions to provide financial products and services covering the life cycle of science and technology enterprises. In recent years, the model has been scaled up in collaboration with government agencies in Nanking, Shanghai, Shaanxi, Shenzhen, etc.
In mid-2021, 26 science and technology finance branches, three more than in the previous year. In the 2020 report, science and technology finance loans were consistently ranked first in the mid-point village demonstration areas; 10.51 billion yuan in the balance of technology loans in Beijing and more than 80 per cent of the services of listed enterprises in Beijing were covered by the main, medium-sized, start-up and new three-board innovation and niche companies, with a client coverage rate of 87 per cent and a client coverage rate of 87 per cent, respectively.
Eighty-six per cent, 85 per cent, 77 per cent; of the 33 companies listed in Beijing, 24 were clients of the Beijing Bank, or 73 per cent. In mid-2021, 22 cultural financial institutions were specialized in culture and the cultural finance model was replicated. Cultural financial products were continuously improved and upgraded: intellectual property pledge loan products, “train rights loans”, were upgraded in 2020; and the exclusive credit product, “book garden loans”, adapted to cultural industries, was developed and supported in a number of sectors.
• Good cinematographic works; through institutional outreach, the Beijing Copyright Management and Financial Services Centre was established in conjunction with the Beijing City Council's Advocacy Department, the Western District Government and the Chinese Protection Centre, and a system of copyright pledge products was created, exclusive products were developed, national large data from the National Intellectual Property Press were received, and “lending” products were developed.
iii. Inventory risk phasing out, re-engineering risk management, improving risk management, reshaping risk culture and controlling asset quality in relation to asset quality and risk problems that have occurred in prior firms, including in terms of clients, systems and processes.
3.1 Customer structure controls risk by focusing on quality enterprises, firms in developed regions, controlling risk from client structure sources, strengthening access management, investing in higher-quality enterprises, focusing on core areas and inclusive financial investments that are more focused on national and regional strategies.
First, to upgrade policy and industry research, and to take the initiative to guide the delivery of credit and guidance. To form a team of experts in credit policy research and develop client and project access criteria in each of the sub-areas of the letter. Second, to increase investment in high-quality enterprises with priority projects and to control other large-scale individual client credit.
By the end of the third quarter of 2021, in addition to supporting national and Beijing-based priority projects, more than $1 billion in group clients and households had each registered a decrease of 2 per cent since the beginning of the year.
Third, the region is more focused on the developed regions of Beijing and Shenzhen. The business landscape is more focused, with more growth coming from the developed regions of Beijing and Shenzhen. In the first half of 2021, the increase in credit flows to Beijing, the Long Triangle, and the Pearl Triangle reached 85%, and the high-risk areas continued to decline.
Fourth, there has been a steady increase in inclusive financial investment, with lower risk preferences. In the media, the company referred to “further weakening of the structural characteristics of the “palm” clients, high-quality large-scale business and high-quality project credit investment in national and regional priority projects, promoting inclusive micro-business boosts, additions, magnifications, and active split intermediate-sector clients”. In the third quarter of 2021, 125.3 billion loan balances in the area of inclusive finance increased by the same amount.
Micro-enterprise loan interest rate of 4.89 per cent, with a gap of 34bp, with a more prudent positioning and a “double drop” of small and poor benefits. 3.2 Re-engineering of risk processes, systems and cultures, enhanced risk control, enhanced “person” management, increased systems, processes, improved risk-control systems and increased multidimensionality in response to prior risk events