Increased performance in the repair of prices of basic chemical industries ' main products and steady progress in the reserve projects to sustain growth: report of the evaluation of the 2024 report of the new peace process (002001.sz)
The recovery of the livestock sector, restrictions on the supply of other plants at the supply end, and the repair of market prices for the main products of the plate, coupled with the release of new products such as the company ' s pine ammonium, have given the company a margin for profit growth and a further increase in its market share.
During the reporting period, the nutrients plate, the ECP product were released and 300,000 tons/yearly production capacity was achieved, and market competitiveness was enhanced; the company and China Petroleum Industries Ltd. were jointly financed.
180,000 tonnes/year liquid pine amino acid (purification) project capital has been completed; 4,000 tonnes/year gazine production has been stable and has been successfully tested in the herb project.
Fuel plate, apps new field applications are well developed; new material project Tianjin Nilong is well advanced; large production approvals are advanced; and the products of the Ha project are properly produced and marketed.
The structural structure of the product, which has evolved into a producer of antithermal pains, nutrients, and special ingredients, intermediates of raw materials. Globalization has had an advantage, with limited reciprocal tariff implications.
During the reporting period, companies established overseas subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Singapore, Germany, Mexico, Brazil, Japan, Viet Nam, etc., in mainland China and elsewhere.
The q10 series, in this tariff exemption list, has a sales income from companies exporting to the United States of 10 per cent or less of the total operating income, which does not make a significant difference to the company's production and operation.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Barsfe resumed production in 2025 or resulted in a vitamin market price glycerine, the liquid egg project released capacity folded with a replacement price of porcelain, which was supported by a reduction in soybean soybean prices, and the company was expected to increase its profits, with the company expected to return to its mother ' s net profit in 2025-2027.
We've chosen Andy Sue, Garden Organism, Zhejiang Medicine as a comparable company, which focuses on fine chemicals, insists on innovation-driven development, and has the world's highest market share of the main product, covering it for the first time, giving the company an "increase."
\triangleright is not as fast as expected, environmental safety risks, economic downfalls, etc. Please read the text carefully before exonerating
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.