The prices of major products have risen and corporate profits have increased significantly.
21,610 million yuan, +42.95 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $5,869 million, substantial increase in profits of the company ' s main product volume-upgrading support company; release of new energy from projects such as the company ' s ecstasy and the main product market of the nutrient plate
There has been a significant increase in the profits of field price repair support companies. By industry, the volume of major products sold has risen: 1) pharmaceutical and chemical products: 2024 tons, an increase of 26.87% compared to the previous year, mainly as a result of the increased capacity of amino acid products and vitamins.
Increased downstream demand for products such as Classes and Ethioacine; 2) Other products: Increased financial cost, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations and lower exchange rate gains
The main reason for this is lower exchange rate earnings due to exchange rate fluctuations. On the cash flow side, insistence on “chemical +” and “biological +” main shipping lanes is innovation driving the extension of the industrial chain of dynamic chemicals.
In 2024, the company’s original products were refined, new projects and new products were developed in an orderly manner, and market competitiveness was enhanced. The nutrient plate and the pyric acid project were released with a capacity of 300,000 tonnes per year; the company and China were petrochemical.
Construction of 180,000 tonnes/year liquid pine amino acid (purification) project, jointly financed by Industrial Holdings Ltd.
The new material plate, the application of the pps in the new field has been well developed; the new materials project in Tianjin Niro has successfully advanced the approval of large-scale production; the product has been properly produced and sold.
In 2025, the company will insist on a “chemical +” and “biological +” strategy.
Affixing the “new world make-up” goal, speeding up the sea, enhancing innovation, investing in the rapid release of new production from companies, leading to expected growth in performance, forecasting the risk of fluctuations in downstream demand from companies: the risk of falling product prices: the wind of rising raw materials prices
Risks; new projects less than expected.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.