Significant growth in performance over 24 years and steady progress in new material items Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) New and released 2024 year report late on 14 April and first quarter performance forecast for 2025
In 2024, the company achieved a gross operating income of $21.610 billion, up from $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion in the first quarter of 2025.
In 2024, the company ' s performance rose again, largely as a result of the core-profit nutrient plate protein, the new acid production capacity that released the need for heating of the sub-vessel production industry with vitamins, the suspension of major international manufacturers, the contraction of production supply, and the marked repair of market demand and prices.
Business income was $15.55 billion, an increase of 52.58 per cent. Total operating income was 69.67 per cent; according to ifind data, 99 per cent of the year's market for va/ve/vc/protein amino acid, both offshore and offshore firms had a year-long supply contraction.
The chain reaction, which is expected to resume in April 25th, May 25th, and others, such as Tesman and Zhejiang Medicines, has been suspended for the year, which supports the continued price increase. The warming and significant increase in the volume of pig production and exports has boosted demand.
There has been a marked improvement, with the pig cycle moving out of the bottom left-hand drop zone, promoting downstream feed demand, 300,000 tons of condensed acid production fully released, and a significant increase in volume resonance-driven performance. Corporate Hill, the East Base, 300,000 tons of condensed acid, was fully produced and sold this year, and the new capacity released to the company.
To increase profit margins; 180,000 tons of liquid pyre amino acid project in the sea of 2024q4 nbo town completed: as the global production of pyre ammonium shrinks and the demand for downstream poultry feed increases, the company’s performance will be further enhanced.
1. Significant growth in performance in the third quarter, with the vitamin climate, which was affected by the low season of demand at the beginning of the year, resulting in a weakening of the q1 vitamin price chain compared to the same period last year, and a significant improvement over the same period, while major domestic and foreign manufacturers of pygmates announced plans for repairs to increase prices
2. [Waan Chemical] New and emerging: Vitamin climate provides support: 2025q1 performance is expected to increase consistently.
kg, ring growth of 4.78%, a decline of 4.76% from the same year, suspension of work and maintenance supplies, tight push boards, high-window coiling and company capacity release, with the prospect of further improvement in the contribution of ecstasy to performance. • Multi-platinum operations continue to grow and complete the multi-product matrix
The company is steadily moving forward with the implementation and expansion of multi-platform products, optimizing the product matrix, and improving the core competitiveness of the department.
The Division is planning to transform the existing production plant for ecstasy in Shandong, which is expected to produce 370,000 tons of solid ecstasy per year, while a joint venture was established between the company and China Pulsification to build the 180,000 tons/year liquid amino acid project in the fourth quarter of 2024, which is currently under construction.
The new material plate, pps downstream application, has been well developed and is now working with downstream clients in the new energy and robotics industry; Tianjin is also working on the Dysun-Nylon 66 project.
The ethanol, 5650 tonnes of isopenacrylate, 10,000 tonnes of dihydromaltone methyl ester expansion, 77815 tonnes of synthetic spice, and 99550 tonnes of spice expansion have all been advertised. The Department continues to innovate and enrich spice varieties to meet market demand on an ongoing basis.
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) safe production risks: (3) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected, using legally compliant information and producing the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.