Quarterly review of New Union (002001.sz) Quarterly 2025 Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quantities Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Quarters Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Que Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Ques Q Q Q Q Q Q Ques Qs Qs Qs Qs Qs Qs Qs Ques Qs Qs Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Qs Qs Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Qs Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q
Base Chemical Quarterly 2025, the company achieved operating income of $5.440 billion in one quarter, an increase of 20.91 per cent in the same year, a single-quarter net profit from the company's history, and a deduction of $1.88 billion net profit from the non-return from the mother, an increase in the same year.
The lower cost rate led to higher net interest rates and higher R & D rates. The company pcts. continued its higher R & D input levels in the first quarter of 2025.
The expansion programme is under construction, and the annual production of 180,000 tons of liquid pine amino acid (purification) in cooperation with China ' s petrochemicals will become operational in 2025, when the company ' s equity capacity will reach 460,000 tons/year, and the capacity will be the third largest in the world.
As of April 28, 2025, the domestic market price of va and ve was recommended for investment: a “better than the big market” rating. The industrial and technological synergies between the various projects of the company were maintained.
It is remarkable that many businesses are well run, and given that each of the company’s business plates has been well equipped to tap into new projects that are well-planned for their technological excellence, we look forward to the company’s long-term potential for growth with a focus on research and development. We maintain the company’s profit projections, and expect the company’s net return profits for the period 2025-2027, respectively.
Yearly quarterly reports, companies achieved operating income of $5.440 billion in one quarter, an increase of 20.91 per cent in the same year and a decline of 6.66 per cent in the ring; net profit returns of $1.88 billion, an increase of 116.18 per cent in the same year, an increase of 0.05 per cent in the ring, a fall in single-quarter fee rates that led to higher net interest rates and higher R&D costs. Sales by companies in the first quarter of 2025
Māori sales were 46.70 per cent, an increase of 11.66 pcts from the same year, a decline of 1.14 pcts from the ring; net sales interest rates are Figure 3: Māori sales and net sales interest rates for new and semi-quarterly sales, Figure 4: Cost rates for the new and semi-quarterly period
According to the General Customs Administration, China exported 26.0 million tons of amino acid in 2024, an increase of 68.51 per cent over the same period. On the price side, according to Boa and Tse, the domestic market for amino acid in 2024. According to company announcements, the company completed construction of 150,000 tons of new annual production capacity in Shandong in June 2023.
In 2024, the production of 30 tons (5+10+15) of solid condensate production units continued to be released. According to the CED, Shandong New and Acid Corporation plans to expand its current production line of 15 (+10) tons of condensate per year, which will in the future lead to 220,000 tons of annual production of condensate.
The foundation of the 180,000 tons of liquid ply amino acid (purification) project, produced annually by the petrochemical joint venture (50% of new and holding shares), was completed, with the pilot phase in 2025; the two projects were put into operation after the birth and the company ' s equity capacity would reach 460,000 tons per year, with the capacity to leapfrog to the third largest global level since 2024.
The acid industry has seen a marked upturn, with prices rising continuously since 2025, while the company’s new production of ecstasy has continued to climb up the slope, providing strong support for the company’s performance growth. va price pressure, ve-price high, vd3 price rises.
As a result of an organic solvent leak and a fire in a factory south of the port of Vishi base, vitamina and vitamine were shut down, and Basfe is expected to resume production of vitamina by early April 2025 and to resume production in mid-May.
In 2024, the domestic market price for va averaged $133.47/kg, an increase of 59.91 per cent over the 2023 average;
In the first quarter of 2025, the cities of va, ve, vd3 launched a repurchase plan to show confidence in long-term development. On April 8, 2025, the company’s actual controller, director Hu, and director of the company,
Mr. Burgundy proposes to buy back a portion of the company’s shares, with the current buy-back range of $300 million-$60 million and the repurchase price, which is now 12 months from the date the company opened a special security account. This buy-back is based on the recognition of confidence in the company’s future and the value of long-term investments.
To safeguard the interests of all corporate investors and to enhance investor confidence, while continuously improving the incentives for corporate long-term effectiveness, to fully motivate the company's staff and effectively combine shareholder and corporate interests, to promote long-term, stable and sustainable corporate development, taking into account the financial and operational situation of the company
In the event of future profitability, the company ' s actual controller and chairman, Mr. Huberham, proposed that the company buy back some of its shares through a competitive bidding process and that the previously stated repurchases be used for equity incentives or employee holding schemes at an appropriate time in the future.
Investment proposals: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The industrial and technological synergies between the projects of the company are remarkable, many of the businesses are well run, and given the new projects planned by each of the company's business plates, which are well equipped to tap their own technological advantages, we look forward to the company's potential to grow from a long-term focus on research and development. We maintain the company's profit margin.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject