New and final (002001.sz): Quarterly performance, Quarterly New and Quarterly 2025: Business income of the company was $5.440 billion for the entire year of the quarter.
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., was founded in 1999, with yoy+20.91%, resulting in a net profit of 1.880 billion yuan to the mother, and yoy+126.18%.The recovery of market prices for core products, such as vitamins, has led to higher corporate performance.
A listed company, which focuses heavily on fine chemical synthesis, major products such as vitamins, market price repairs for protein amino acids, a quarterly market build-up of products such as ve and vd3, starting with a pharmaceutical intermediate of aerobics.
With organic synthesis as a link, the successful expansion of business to Vibby has led to a significant increase of 11.66 percentage points to 46.70 per cent in the overall Māori ratio of companies, in the fields of raws, spices, new materials, and pygmphoric acid.
The company is now stable in four of the world's largest vitamin producers, with new products, new projects being developed in an orderly fashion, and the company's product system becoming more rich. The company insists on one, and has developed into an influential fragrance company.
Integration, sequencing, synergistic development strategies, with “chemical +” and “biological +” as the two main core platforms focusing on nutrients, fragrances, new and highly molecular materials and raw materials, and continuing to develop various functions
(b) Construction of 180,000 tons of liquid per year liquid amino acid (purification) in a joint venture with China Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd.
Basic infrastructure completed; 4,000 tonnes/year of steady production of cystic amino acid, with a successful trial in the herb project. 2 Favourable fragrance plate: series ellipse project, sa project, fragrance garden phase steadily advanced. 3 new circulation b/h unit (millions)
Material plates: pps applications in new fields are well developed; Tianjin Niron new materials project is well advanced for major production approvals; ha project products are properly produced and marketed. 3 raw material tablets: HFC, plant ethanol integration projects are progressing in an orderly manner and the product structure will be upgraded according to market demand in the future. We anticipate the continuation of these ongoing projects.
Construction and placement will help to further enrich the company ' s product system, extend the industrial chain, promote public company profit forecasting and investment ratings: new and emerging are the backbone of the country ' s high-quality fine-chemist synthesis, and industrial chain-integrating and product-sequencing drive companies to grow into fine-dimensions. Companies start with the pharmaceutical intermediate.
At home, we have successfully expanded our business into vitamins, spices, new materials, and pythonic acid. The gradual construction of new companies’ projects is expected to enrich the company’s product system further. We maintain a profit forecast for companies that is not as predictable as expected: downstream demand is not as high as expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports a new S.S. (002001.sz.): a year-on-year performance has increased, and project construction has progressed in an orderly manner.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
New Union (002001.sz): The project is being built in an orderly manner. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.