New and new and published annual report 2024: The company achieved business income of $21,610 million throughout 2024, and Zhejiang Shin and Cheng Ltd. was founded in 1999.
Youy+42.95%, net profit to the mother is $5.869 billion, yoy+117.0%. The main products of the nutrient plate are priced up, the spices and new materials are growing steadily, leading to a company with the same performance as a listed company.
Growth is high. At the income end, in 2024, the company’s new production capacity, e.g., EPP, was released along with the accumulation of nutrition technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate aerobics fork, with organic synthesis as a link, successfully expanding its operations to dimensions.
The main product of the plate was vitamins, the market price repair for the pine amino acid, which led to a similar increase in the nutrient plate collection, in the fields of biomass, spices, new materials, and euphemoletic acid, which increased by 39.51 per cent to 1.676 billion yuan.
First, it has developed into an influential flavour company with a co-morigin rate of 8.8 percentage points to 41.78 per cent higher than the previous year, leading to a significant increase in net corporate profits.
New products, new projects are being developed in an orderly manner, and the company’s product system is being enriched. The company adheres to a holistic, coherent and synergistic development strategy, with “chemist+” and “biological+” as the two main core platforms, focusing on nutrients, fragrances, new highly molecular materials and raw materials, and constantly developing various functions.
Chemicals. The company’s original project was refined and the development of new projects and new products was carried out in an orderly manner: 1 nutrient plate: the project’s output was released, 300,000 tons/yearly yield was achieved, market competition was enhanced: the company and China Petroleum Industries Ltd. jointly built 180,000 tons/year liquid conic acid.
Project capital (purified) completed; 4,000 tons/year of steady production of cystic acid, with a successful trial in the herb project. 2 fragrance plate: serial ellipse project, sa project, spice estate phase 1 project steady flow b/h unit (millions)
3 New material plates: pps new field applications are well developed; Tianjin Niro projects are well advanced into large production approvals: ha project products are produced and sold. 3 raw material plates: HFC, plant ethanol integration projects are progressing in an orderly manner and will be upgraded in the future in line with market demand. We expect these to be under construction.
The successive construction and delivery of the project will help to enrich the company’s product system, extend the industrial chain, and promote its sustainable high-quality development.
The company has successfully expanded its operations from the pharmaceutical center to vitamins, fragrances, new materials, and pine amino acid. The company’s new projects are expected to enrich the company’s product system even further. Based on the company’s 2024 annual report, I am,
East Hing Securities Corporation reports a new S.S. (002001.sz.): performance is higher than ever, and project construction is progressing in an orderly manner.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
New Union (002001.sz): The project is being built in an orderly manner.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.