Shinjiyama, chemical ingredients, new sum (002001.sz)
\triangleright, 17 April 2025
This is 41.99% increase in the same year and 1.84% decline in the ring. The net return profit is 1,879 million yuan, which is the same increase. \triangleright is released from the new capacity of projects such as ecstasy, the revival of downstream farming, and other supply constraints.
Market value of liquida shares (billions): due to factors, the company ' s main product market price of the nutrition plate was repaired; the company seized market opportunities in a timely manner, did everything it could to increase market share, and sold the company ' s nutrition business.
In addition, the company achieves an improved business performance through a reasonable reduction in operating costs through continuous innovation to reduce efficiency gains, optimize production processes, resource allocation, energy consumption, etc. The series, vb series, supported enzyme q10 series is included in this tariff exemption list and the company exports to the United States.
The development of four new pieces of nutrients, fragrances, new materials, and raw materials is proceeding in an orderly manner. The nutrient plate, with a joint venture between the company and China Petroleum Industries Ltd. to build 180,000 tonnes of liquid eggs per year, is carried out in an orderly manner.
The capital of the amino acid (purified) project was completed; 4,000 tons/year of cystic ammonium production was stabilized, and the watering and bathing project was successfully tested.
The new material plate, pps, has been well developed; the new material project, Tianjin Niro, has successfully advanced the approval of large-scale production; and the products of the Ha project have been produced and sold.
Producers of intermediate drugs for pain relief, nutrients, and special raw materials. Trade friction risks; risk of deteriorating competitive patterns in the industry; failure to deliver new production capacities as expected; and reasonable grounds for environmental protection. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.