New Synth (002001.sz) The Basic Chemical Unit continued to perform well and the new project proceeded in an orderly fashion.
Gross operating income of $21.6 billion was achieved in 2024, a 43 per cent increase over the same period; the net profit of the parent is 1. " New and emerging company rating: vitamins increase, performance is bright " , while the volume of the nutrient plate rises, driving high performance growth. Revenue from the company in 2024
Structurally, the income from the nutrient plate was 15.6 billion yuan, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate 2. New and emerging companies take stock: high performance growth, vitamin trend, 43 per cent, an increase of 13 pct over the same year; and spice revenue, 3.92 billion yuan, an increase of 20 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate is 52%, an increase of 1 pct over the same year; the new material plate has a revenue of $1.68 billion, and 3. New and Incorporated Stocktaking: Performance Improvement is Visible, Production is High, which is 40% higher, Māori 22% lower, 6 pct over the same year.
This is due to factors such as the recovery of downstream farming, supply-side constraints on other producers, the upward cycle of vitamin prices and the sustained improvement in the profitability of corporate product sales.
Precision of the original product and development of the new product project are progressing in an orderly manner. The nutrient plate, which has released the product of the pyric acid project, has achieved 300,000 tons per year of production, and the market has become more competitive: the company and China Petroleum Industries Ltd. have jointly built 180,000 tons.
The flavour plate, the sa project, and the fragrance garden phase are progressing steadily. The new material plate, pps.
Applications have been well developed: the Tianjin Niro project has successfully advanced the approval of large-scale production: ha new and existing products have been produced and marketed.
In the future, the product structure will be upgraded in line with market demand to become a producer of antithermal pains, nutrients and generic drug intermediates.
The company is a vitamin leader, and the nutrient plate is beginning to be released while new projects are being built to keep moving forward, helping the company grow over the long term. We predict that the company will be able to access more services from 2025 to 2027.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market