Hale's home appliances (600690) have produced remarkable results in controlling the cost of using old for new and promising income improvements at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Events: three quarterly reports issued by the company and $202.97 billion in revenue earned by the company in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 2.2 per cent; 15.15 billion yuan in net profit earned by the parent, an increase of 15.3 per cent; 146.9 billion yuan in net profit earned by the mother, an increase of 13.2 per cent in the same year; 4.52 billion yuan in net profit earned by the latter, an increase of $4.52 billion
In July and August, the household electricity industry as a whole was under pressure, and with the introduction of the old policy, white power benefits are evident. Companies actively seize the old opportunities, take advantage of high-end brands, full product arrays, multichannel layouts, etc.
During the reporting period, demand in developed European and American countries remained weak, and demand in emerging-market countries continued to grow well. The Division continued to speak of innovative product leadership, new industry breakthroughs, and deeper supply chain layouts in the European and American markets.
Increase in share: Rapidly increasing growth in emerging market countries in terms of deeper home-grown supply chain construction, product structural upgrading, etc. Basic stability. Benefiting from continued progress in digital reform, cost improvements are evident, corporate sales/ -0.5 pp/-0.2 pp/+0.2 pp/0 pp, digital tools have further enhanced logistics distribution, warehousing operations, and
And the business chain is improved. At the same time, the company has published and posted the same associated transactions, and the company intends to exercise control over the sun and the sun, by trusting its voting rights, to form the same company, the same team, the same goal, and to provide full access to the business system and logistics.
People, systems, and data interfaces between the systems are used to link up to the full purpose of increasing operational efficiency, accelerating changes in the corporate business model, and creating new business growth points. In 2023, Quantities collected 184 billion yuan, with net profits of $570 million.
3. Hale Jiist (600690): Continuously leading high-end white power, Noor will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.