The performance was excellent, and the potential for new growth was set to be released by the day-and-day boom. Of these, q3-quarters realized revenues of 67.3 billion yuan, i.e. 0.47 per cent of the year; net profit returns of 47 billion yuan, i.e. + 13.11 per cent of the year; net cash flows from operating activities amounted to 6.1 billion yuan.
The same year - 5.54%. At the same high base in the previous year, the size of the collection was steady upwards, performance was excellent, income was steady upwards in the single quarter, the overseas markets were better at q3-quarters, corporate income was equal to 0.47%, and the income ended was smooth, of which we predicted.
On the domestic market, as the old policy changes, companies take advantage of high-end brands, full class arrays, multichannel layouts, etc., with three-quarter retail outlets improving month by month.
Kassati retailing has increased better than the whole. As old policies have been replaced, domestic markets may continue to improve; in overseas markets, firms continue to increase their share in the European and American markets, emerging countries accelerate their growth, and q3-quarters have increased by more than 30% in South Asia on a year-on-year basis.
Profitability continues to rise steadily, and digital change continues to show results
31.32%, 7.17%, +0.07pt, +0.87pt, respectively, the company ' s profitability continues to rise steadily, mainly as a result of the increase in the Māori ratio in the domestic and foreign markets and changes in the verbization patterns of the company. Rates continue to be optimized.
0.43 pct, with sales costs, management costs, R & D rates, financial cost rates, drawing up and meeting the supply chain to unlock new growth potential. In addition, the company issued a public announcement on the same day to achieve the date by signing a power of attorney agreement.
Once the matrix is completed, the company will achieve control over the supply chain, which will help to form a single company, a single team, a single goal, and a full connection between the business system and the logistics system.
People, systems, and data interfaces, thereby increasing the efficiency of the company’s operations and accelerating business model changes, will help to further unlock the company’s potential for performance growth. The high-end, branding and upgrading of the company’s domestic and external markets will continue, with market shares gradually rising.
Downstream demand does not match expected risks; risks of large fluctuations in raw material prices; increased industry competition; risks; under-development of own brands does not meet expected risks.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.