Heil Jijik (600,690.sh) has made a steady improvement in profitability and is expected to show a new performance.
Income growth has been steady and profits have continued to rise. Companies achieved revenues of $202.97 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, 4.52 billion/+9.9 per cent less, while domestic and foreign electricity demand has been under pressure, q3 has achieved steady growth in corporate incomes; and profits have continued to rise year after year, driven by process-wide digital change and operational efficiency.
Intra-market retailing has improved its caliber positively, and looks forward to new results. q3 My country’s electricity retailing has improved month by month, with old ones, falling by 9.2 per cent in July, rising steadily in August-September, increasing q3 together, replacing it with old ones, and increasing demand for electricity retailing.
q4 intra-company sales are expected to grow robustly, as old-fashioned brands, full-blown arrays, multi-channel layouts, etc. q4 sales continue to grow robustly.q3 – while demand in the US and Europe remains weak – companies innovate through products.
q3 companies have grown by more than 30% in South Asia on a year-on-year basis. As regions abroad, such as the United States and Europe, move into interest-reduction cycles, it is expected that demand for real estate and domestic electricity will return to robust growth and become public.
The Division provides a more favourable external environment for the development of local markets. Cost rates continue to optimize, and profit rates continue to trend upwards. The company ' s q3 Māori ratio is equal to +0.1 pct to 31.3%, and its efficiency continues to be optimized through the development of digital purchasing, R & D and manufacturing systems.
Cost increases of 0.23 pct as a result of higher interest rates abroad; the cost increases of 0.43 pct over time are driven by efficiency gains. The company’s investment returns, loss of asset impairments, etc., contribute to profits, q3’s net parent interest rate is 7.0%, an increase of 0.8 pct over the same period.
Controlling solar and solar logistics, and accelerating retail integration. The company intends to take control of solar and sun welfare by trusting voting rights. This will bring about the company’s same team on the home-based electronic logistics service system, Hair Jiji (600,690.sh) - How to look at Heir’s global development space.
To create a link between home-based electricity operations and logistics systems, systems and data interfaces, full reference is made to Hair Jiji (600,690.sh) 2024 mid-point assessment: enhanced quality of business, increased efficiency and accelerated changes in corporate business models.
Hale Jiist (600690.sh) - The proposed acquisition of the South African water heater business in Ileks has made a positive contribution at the end of the income and has no impact on the company’s return profits.
Hale Jiist (600690/sh) - Acquisition of profitable global commercial refrigeration operations, entryb Investment proposal: up profit forecast, maintenance of “better than big market” rating figure 2: Company operating income and growth rate for one season
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase, Figure 4: Single-season return net profit and rate of increase, Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the company
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for a single quarter of a company
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future