The third quarter of 2024, Hale Jie (600690), was evaluated in a three-quarterly report on 30 October 2024, and the first three quarters saw revenue of $202,971 million, a year-on-year increase, when the company issued a three-quarter report on 2024.
On October 29, 2024, the company’s revenue growth slowed down in the second and third quarters. In the third quarter, demand for electricity in the home was depressed in July.
Then, with the boost of a new round of subsidies to replace old policies, market demand was gradually released, and the company’s income was almost equal in the third quarter. In terms of profits, the company continued to optimize its operating efficiency and, with relatively flat income performance, the net return profit grew in double digits for three consecutive quarters.
On the domestic market, the government has put in place an intensive policy mix to accelerate the construction of the property market by eliminating restrictions on purchases, lowering interest rates, and increasing the credit model for the "White List" project. At the same time, the state has increased its efforts to replace old subsidies with new ones.
The overall consumer market environment has improved, and companies have grown in retail sales by virtue of their advantages in high-end brands, full-blown arrays, and multichannel layouts. In overseas markets, demand from emerging market countries has remained good.
Interest rate 7.17 per cent, an increase of 0.87 percentage points in the same year. The increased profitability of companies has been largely due to the continued promotion of procurement, research and development and digital transformation of the manufacturing end in domestic markets, the construction of digital production and marketing synergies, the upgrading of cost competitiveness in overseas markets through the development of procurement digital platforms, and global supply chains.
Investment proposals: companies are one of the three leading white power poles in the country, with robust domestic operations and overseas exposure; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; the risk of overseas operations; exchange rate risk; and the risk of an epidemic.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.