Financial science and technology are accelerating, capital management and investment performance are bright, the securities are widely distributed (000776), and the performance of business development reviews in 2016: benefiting from investment, management, self-employment and good performance.
The company performed better than the industry as a whole. The company’s net income from equity underwriting and net income from management business grew faster than the industry. The net return on corporate investment fell slightly less than the industry as a whole, benefiting from the company’s good asset allocation structure.
Financial science and technology are accelerating. Companies have continued to increase their investment in Internet finance, cloud computing and big data applications. In 2016, the total investment in research and development amounted to $156 million, or 0.75 per cent of revenues, an increase of 0.38 percentage points.
The company developed and launched the Beta Robotic Advisory System, which fills the gap in the services of public clients, and the company is the first to issue vouchers for robotic investment advisers. The number of mobile phone subscribers is 750 by the end of 2015.
The number of users increased from 2.3 million to 300, with net income rising by 25.93%. The company completed bond commitments throughout the year, which successfully hit the industry on the scale of the pooled funds. In 2015, the size of the pool of assets grew on a year-on-year basis.
Billion dollars, an increase of 23.91% in the same year, ranked industry first in terms of size. Corporate corporate governance as a whole has reached investment strategies: good corporate risk management and innovative and market-based genes have helped the Division to share more of the dividends of the long-term development of the securities sector.
The medium- and long-term investment target is worth focusing on. The company’s contribution to financial science and technology is more than 2% of this year’s bonus scenario, and it is a typical low-valued blue build-up, and we built the “market index” reference for this rating system with a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommended and rated products are product-by-products.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.