The performance plus mechanism leads, internationalization continues to push, and the net profit attributable to the parent company is $8.03 billion, down 39.17 per cent, and the ps is $1.05 per year.
Ma Xiangyun's overall annual performance declined by 39.17 per cent, mainly as a result of the same decline in overall market activity, the market share remained above 4.2 per cent, and the net commission rate followed by a small drop in the market.
The number of restructuring projects remains first in the industry: 1) companies completed equity financing projects in 2016 for a total of 70.446 billion yuan and industry ranked 6th in rank.
Of these, the number of ipo principals is 16, ranked second in the industry, which drives companies to take the lead in achieving underwriting. 3) The companies complete 27 major asset restructuring projects, ranking industry number 1, and large cross-border M&As, such as sea gold control, have significantly increased corporate brand influence.
The total size of the pooled asset management was $368.106 billion, the first in the industry, with a high management scale + long and active management capacity, leading the roll-out of IMS to net operating income of $1.924 billion, a significant increase of 65.53 per cent.
Receivables abs products continue to generate industry influence and leadership, and offshore asset management continues to advance, with extensive capital management (Hong Kong) managing assets of HK$ 8,058 million. Actively exploring science and technology finance, leading the way to intelligent investment in transformational wealth management: companies focus on technology
Finance and innovation, spearheading the launch of the first robotic investment system, the Beta Cattle, offering equity and asset allocation investment proposals, and providing a key-lined service to actively promote retailing.
1. Wide distribution of securities: 3-quarter review 2016: smart investment lead, deep-seated high-quality voucher stock, 20161023
2. Wide distribution of securities: mid-2016 rating - Illustrative, financial management companies as the largest non-State-controlled stockholder in the country, leading the market-based mechanism, investing, managing the business Double-wheel drive, intelligent investment in the driver of the voucher, 20160828
Upgraded, spearheaded the launch of smart investors to drive the transformation of wealth management, and vigorously developed internationalization operations 3. Wide distribution of securities: mid-2015 report rating - market share increase.