Digitalization drives the reduction of efficiency gains, the internationalization of aids through cycles Investment ratings: buy-in (for the first time) update of demand security mats, long-term (urbanization + exports) three dimensions, we believe.
The engineering and machinery industry will continue to have a positive outlook, with the excavator industry still expected to grow in 2021, and the industry is likely to decline in the future against a high base, but with limited volatility and stability.
Sustainability and stability will improve, and this is why the market is willing to value the flagship, which has recently been a growing innovation in market value and a direct reflection. Digitalization drives down efficiency and internationalization of power through the cycle.
Quantities are transformed into stock markets, stock market games are dominated by three-tier firms, and company prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, guided by the two strategies of digitization and internationalization, will rely on the product's own advantages (performance, compliance).
+ supply chain advantage (scale effect, lower cost, high bargaining power) + financial advantage (with capital investment in R & D), continued to capture the market and relied on innovation-driven efforts to build deeper brand moats, better industry patterns after price wars, stronger, stronger.
There's still room to raise the value and market value of the billboard. Three times more in the development phase, we think, with the internationalization of Trinity, it's subject to the wind of a decline in domestic macro-investment.
Risks are falling, through cycles, and there is still room for a rise in market value (Carter’s current market value is $95.1 billion in industry, firm performance is still high, value attributes are high, future globalization’s capital panels are not as effective as expected, overseas market openings are blocked, and market competition is increasing.
Behind the high value of innovation is the expectation that industry fundamentals and corporate performance will continue to outpace expectations and close in November, and our research shows that the excavator industry is still expected to continue its growth in October (60 per cent faster than sales in October), with four-quarter mainframes actively preparing for the coming year and now anchoring the aircraft.
Next year's volume of work indicates that buyers are still optimistic about market demand in 2021, while components such as upstream constant hydraulics and other components have also been in a state of production in the recent past, the industrial chain being validated from one side to the other, and the industry's climate is at the core of 1.2: Digitalization & internationalization, building a global leader.
At this point in time, we believe that the three-pronged process of digitalization and internationalization is still not fully priced in the market, that there is a certain gap in expectations, not only in the manufacturers of engineering equipment, but also in the leading firms that are intelligently made, highly data-driven, with the potential to destabilize the traditional equipment manufacturing industry, leading the industry to a global level.
The direct effect of digitalization is a reduction in efficiency gains. As we have seen in the financial data for the last three quarters, the company’s Māori ratio is 30.3%, corresponding to 2.24pt, a net increase, directly due to a faster decline in cost rates and a significant reduction in efficiency gains.
The company now uses the “lighthouse plant” as a template, with low-intensity and high returns. For example, the former company is building eight lighthouse plants and is planning to make smart transformation of all plants (20+) by 2021.
With about 200 to 300 million yuan, the company has continued to expand its capacity, with lower unit inputs of about $3,000 per square dollar, based on the largely scalable effect;2 intelligent transformation can rapidly reduce efficiency gains and have immediate effects from the point of view of input output.
"High, beautiful, fast" is a three-fold feature of the lighthouse plant. The first is production efficiency, production cycle pressure, 40%, productivity increase, 50%, automation increase, 80%. The second is a beautiful working environment, and the company's landscape of gardens in plant No. 18 is perfectly integrated with industrial manufacturing. The third is production beats fast, down line one.
Internationalization: Internationalization is a key step in the company’s long-term cycle.
The base is modest, with export markets expected to grow higher with the recovery of overseas markets in 2021, and the latest share in the excavator export market is only around 10%, which is still low. With the exception of the Chinese market, the global demand for other markets is about 300,000 annually, and our total export sales are currently less than 30,000, with the market accounting for less than 10% and the market for less than 3,2019.
The annual export market sales were 8118 in 2019 and are expected to be around 10,000 in 2020, accounting for less than 3 per cent of the total, and most of the exports are from emerging market countries (South-East Asia+India, etc.). If the epidemic does not have an impact this year, companies will be active in developing countries like Europe and the United States in the international market.
Last year to this year, the expansion of R & D was a digital input on the one hand, and a new product on the other, which includes research and development of Eurobills, United States Digger Emission Standards, which are about 10 years ahead of our own, and more stringent for contaminants, which we judge next year with the introduction of vaccines, the recovery of overseas markets, and the export of companies.
In the long run, export markets can be very promising. Figure 2.3 Internationalized industrial development history 1.3 price doubles: value attributes are important and market value can be raised.
The stock price of the round is 31, the driving factors change substantially in the two cycles, and the company's alpha attributes are prominent. The last round of weeks was more characterized by the growth of downstream demand and the rise in industry as a result of macro-policy regulation; the current cycle has changed at both the industry and company levels:
Industry level: The industry as a whole is healthier and more sustainable, as evidenced by: (a) different demand structures, a tendency towards diversification, capital investment and machine-driven new demand, stock upgrading and environmental switching, and a need for new demand; and (b) different client structures, a growing number of experienced and old clients downstream of the mainframe plant, and an increased specialization of the client community, acquisition
In the context of the increased competitiveness of national product boards, leading firms focus more on smart change, reducing efficiency gains through smart manufacturing, and improving product competitiveness. At the firm level, the upward profit cycle is expected to lead to a two-fold increase in valuation and performance.
Limited, lower cost rates, higher Māori rates, net interest rates, continued high innovation in net operating cash flows, three tables of very healthy quality, and a steady increase in profitability. 2 Valuation: In combination with profit stability and certainty, liquidity premium, we believe that the value of the flagship offshore firms is expected to rise to 15-20 times in the future.
In conclusion, triple-time jobs are leading firms that have proven themselves in the bottom-up phase of the industry, with a new cycle of growing core competitiveness (products, channels, R & D) of firms, a continuous rise in city ownership, and a future in the process of globalization in which valuation and performance will double.
The market value of the three heavy jobs is much higher than that of Caterpillar. From the income point of view, Carter and Matsuma are more affected by the epidemic, the scale of the revenues has dropped significantly, and the income size of the 31st is expected to be higher in 2020, with the first three quarters being net.
The profit scale is over 2019; in terms of the share of overseas income, about 55 per cent of Carter's income is over 80 per cent, the pattern of his income area is more stable, the share of his income abroad is higher, and the country accounts for the bulk of his income. In terms of valuation, Carter and Matsunaga are about 30 times their 2020 income projections, and the increase in valuation is mainly due to a decline in profit levels.
Values are healthy (16x), performance supports stability, and there is still room for improvement in value levels, as expected by improved overseas layouts and higher city occupancy rates.
2.1 Company operations: diggers continue to be high, concrete machines and cranes are expected to be on the market at an early stage, company operations consist of concrete and road machinery only, as different assets are injected, industry is enriched, and in 2006 stump machines were incorporated into listed companies, in 2010 and in 2011
In the first half of 2020, the company collected $18,649 million, or 37.91%, of the company’s first largest revenue.
Source: Māori mining, 34.86 per cent, a decrease of 1.98 per cent compared with previous years, mainly due to lower product prices, while companies increased their dealer return subsidies to grow with distributors.
A cumulative stock of 45909 excavators, with 26.28% in the city, is the highest in the whole industry. In terms of tonnage, there is no significant difference in the number of three-to-one tons in the city.
Figure 103:1 ton excavator sales compared to figure 11:31, Carter, Xu, Big Digger City.
Accumulated sales of 263,839, same year + 34.5%, year-round excavator sales over 2019, supermarket expectations. Figure 13 shows expected sales of more than 320,000 concrete machines for the year 2020: recovery of the slow excavator for one year, promising relay excavators.
The concrete machinery business, one of the companies’ first operations, began in 1993, became the country’s number one in 2000, became the world’s largest in 2009, acquired the German Potsmeister in 2012, reshaping the industry. The share of the share has also gradually increased, and the share of the concrete machinery business has declined since 2014.
Figure 15:1 Mäori rate for concrete machinery operations. Figure 14:3 - 1 Mäori rate for concrete machinery operations. Based on industrial chain research, we believe that the life of a mixer vehicle is 8-9 years, and the life of a blending station is 15 years.
The life of a pump vehicle and pump is 12 years. The life of a concrete machine is longer than that of an excavator, it will be delayed until the excavator begins to recover, and, with the dual effect of the start-up and update cycle, the concrete machine will arrive later than the excavator, so the concrete machine is expected to continue the excavator.
Diagram 16, with the same speed increase, lags behind the excavator for about a year, with the peak sales of the blender and the peak sales of the excavator at 2.1.3 crane machines: in a catch-up situation, with a gradual increase in the city's share.
Markets are affected by the epidemic, exports are blocked, and export cranes are mainly large tonnages, high Maori rates, product structures similar to concrete machinery, long life of cranes, and, given the dual role of the start-up and renewal cycles, cars are expected to be more intense than excavators. In terms of city occupancy, three heavy engines are in third place in the industry.
There is little difference between the rate in Central Union and the rate in China Federal City, which is still in a catch-up phase compared to the one in Xu, the crane leader. The 20 cranes are slightly behind a year after the excavator began to recover.
2.2 The company operates with a strong cash flow and a strong business life. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 73.424 billion yuan, or yoy+25.10 per cent, and a net profit of 12.450 billion yuan, vov+16.72 per cent for mothers.
This cycle is longer than the previous cycle, with firm perspectives, and with increased market penetration and profitability, the net return profits of the company are rising rapidly. The company’s cash flow is abundant, highlighting the dynamism of its operations and laying the foundation for sustained growth in its performance.
Figure 23-III: Net profit and profit and net operating cash flows of the same value for the same year and for the same year for the same year
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a Māori sales rate of 30.30%, a decrease of 2.24 ptt in the same year, and a net sales interest rate of 17.47%, an increase of 1.44 pt in the same year. In the context of a lower Māori rate, the main reason for the increase in the NW rate was a lower cost during the period.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the cost of the company period was 11.51%, a decrease of 0.94 pct in the same year. Of this, sales costs were lower than in all cases, indicating that the company had a more sophisticated management and cost control effect. 2.3 The employee structure of the company: income generation per capita was historically high and talent quality improved.
The number of employees in the company has declined significantly, and per capita income generation has reached an all-time high. The decrease in the number of employees from 51,827 in 2011 indicates a significant increase in per capita income generation in the context of higher levels of automation of production in the company and a decline in the number brought about by streamlined management.
In terms of the composition of the workforce, 50.1% of producers in 2019, the role of technology research and development in long-term development, and the creation of a marketing team, the company has gradually moved from simple, man-based manufacturers of equipment to intelligent manufacturers.
The proportion of personnel rose from 25.5 per cent to 38.3 per cent, an increase of 12.8 pct and an overall improvement in the quality of the company ' s staff.3 Two main strategies are digitalization + internationalization 3.1 digitization: reduced efficiency gains, with significant results
A firm push for a digital transformation that will usher in a new era of industrial connectivity. The company’s digital intelligent manufacturing layout is forward-looking. As early as 2008, when the industry was not aware of the importance of informatization and digitization, corporate intelligence welding robots had been applied to actual production; in 2013, Internet+strategic planning was formally established; and in 2018, public, public.
(b) In 2020, the traditional mes manufacturing implementation system was upgraded and the mom management system project was launched, with the aim of establishing a unified management platform for more intelligent plants in the future. The company digitization is divided into five main modules: marketing digitization plus feedback services.
Digitalization of supply chains + digitalization of R & D + financial digitization + digitalization of decision-making, intelligentness compared to the global leader, Carterby, figure 34 teragram of the process of digital transformation development — presentation of the Outline of the Trinity Group Manufacturing Technology Programme, and the start of the construction of Company 18 (the lighthouse plant)
• Establishment of a process information headquarters at the group level • development of an information management mechanism and strategic planning for Internet+industry
In vitro incubation of roots to create intelligent manufacturing operations, to collect “big data” (production equipment monitoring, product movement status), to change the single pattern of past material networking services, to upgrade the ecologic aspects of the industrial chain smart cluster and to advance digital and intellectual upgrading across the board, including R & D, supply chain, marketing services, finance, etc.
• The lighthouse plant has been upgraded, the mom manufacturing management system project has been launched, and the production and efficiency of all lighthouse plants will continue to improve further in the future, with human needs and space occupancy further reduced.
The extension of the industry chain and the extension of post-market services in other high-value, critical equipment sectors (currently more than 81 sub-sectors), the formal opening of the industrial interconnection system, which drives the industry through material networking, big data, and cloud computing. “High, beautiful, fast” is a three-fold feature of the lighthouse plant.1 Production efficiency is high: production cycles are reduced by 40% and production capacity is high.
Increase by 50 per cent and increase by 80 per cent in automation; 2 work environment: Company 18 successfully integrated into the landscape in modern manufacturing; 3 production beats fast: the time for offline one pumper has been reduced to 45 minutes, from orders to delivery to intelligent transformation of low inputs with high returns. The company is currently building eight lighthouse plants, which are planned to be achieved by 2021.
Intelligent transformation of all plants (20+). 1 Intellectual transformations are limited: the smart transformation of lighthouses 18 has been built and invested about 200-300 million yuan and continues to expand production capacity, with a low single input of about 3,000 yuan per square dollar, on the basis of the largely scalding effect that the company has already achieved; 2 intelligent transformations can quickly reduce efficiency gains from input output.
3.2 Internationalization: an important step in the cycle to uphold the strategy of internationalization to enhance the competitiveness of global markets. In 2000, Trinity formed an international ministry; in 2002, the Trinity India office was set up to formally begin the globalization process; in 2012, the acquisition of Germany ' s Psmeister; in 2013,
International marketing is expanding; companies are now largely internationalized in terms of R & D, manufacturing, and marketing, and have been able to improve market competitiveness. In the first half of 2020, the outbreak of overseas fermentation, the challenge of corporateization have become an opportunity, the market share has risen, and the share of excavators in major markets such as North America, Europe, India, Australia, and South-East Asia has increased significantly.
The full-scale global layout of R & D, manufacturing, and marketing is evident with a dotted effect. Internationalization strategies, company-based R & D infrastructure and the creation of overseas R & D centres through the establishment of overseas offices. The global global layout of R & D, manufacturing, and marketing has created four major industrial parks + 12 overseas marketing zones +
Germany, in the form of Psmeister, has established R & D production centres in Europe, the United States, Brazil, India, manufacturing bases, and five continents covering Asia, North and South America, Europe, and Africa, forming a more comprehensive global industrial chain pattern with a significant impact on points (R & D, manufacturing parks) (marketing areas). Internationalization of R & D, absorbing developed countries, is evident.
Technology outcomes; internationalization of production, reduction of costs, expansion of productive capacity and benefits from emerging market development dividends. Corporate global layout is now almost complete, and increasing global market share is an important new goal.
The size of overseas market revenues has steadily increased, and there is still room for improvement. Changes in the corporate share of overseas revenues have largely been followed by a recovery in domestic industries, and the share of overseas revenues has been squeezed again.
4 Overseas bid: both valuations and market values have raised space at the corporate level 4.1: against the pavilion, the pavilion has the potential for upgrading, and pavilion pavilion, the valuation of the pavilion, which increases as the overseas market expands.
Foreign markets, whose share of overseas market revenues reached more than 50% for the first time by 1970, have seen their valuation levels increase as globalization deepens. Although Caterpillar’s income and net profits have also fluctuated and increased or decreased, the correlation with US fixed-asset investments has declined as a result of its rising share of overseas markets.
As a result of the increasing capacity to iron the cycle, the pe valuation was raised from less than 10 to about 15 times in 1954, more like Caterpillar in the 1950-1970 period, with the current downward trend in the share of corporate income abroad, on the one hand because of the rapid growth of domestic markets and, on the other hand, the increase in market uncertainties (trade frictions, epidemics), on the other hand, overseas.
The growth trend in market revenues will remain unchanged, and will continue to be an important driving force in the firm's domestic macro-cycle.
The year 2020 is expected to be a year of high innovation, with net profits in the first three quarters exceeding the full year level of 2019; in terms of the ratio of overseas income, about 55 per cent of Carter's income, and more than 80 per cent of Pine, with a more stable pattern of income areas, with a higher share of overseas income, three of which are home-based. In terms of valuation, Carter and Matsunaga are estimated to be 30 times more than their 2020 income projections.
The increase was mainly due to a decline in profitability, a healthy level of 31 valuation (16x), sustained by stable performance at the 4.2 industry level abroad: against Japan, the urbanized support industry continued to enjoy a sustained view of Japan's engineering and machinery industry through three stages of development: “Independent growth - overseas expansion - globalization”.
Since the beginning of the post-war reconstruction, the engineering and machinery industry in Japan has undergone three main stages of “growth-expand-globalization” – driven mainly by domestic industrialization and investment in urbanization, the gradual completion of an import-substitution growth cycle and the full development cycle driven by overseas expansion towards a smooth global market.
The country’s level of internal demand for engineering machinery is driven by urbanization and has sufficient potential for growth in the future.
In 1979 (social 7-year plan), 1986-1990 (precursor report) were driven by capital and real estate investments, with the rate of urbanization rising from 53 per cent in 1950 to 77 per cent in 1990, of which the rapid rate of urbanization rose from 1950-1975 to 75 per cent in 1975. Although the rate of urbanization has accelerated since 1978, the rate of urbanization has now risen.
The level is still below that of the developed countries, where our rate of urbanization was 60% in 2019, corresponding to Japan's level in 1957. The target set for 2020 by the 13th Five-Year Plan is 60% and has been completed. According to the estimates of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, the rate of urbanization will reach 70% in 2030, 80% in 2050, and the potential for investment in future construction will remain.
It is huge, and it is the long-term driving force behind the development of our engineering and machinery industry. Chart 47 China, Japan, contrasts the level of urbanization with the expected impact of the capital slab; overseas market openings have been blocked; and market competition has intensified.
In 2018, the crystal ball first produced the report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. The data and information used in the report were from the market. I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report would not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.