Billions of latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) purchased (first rating) Power cell squares with persistent high e-smoking risks short-term, but constant long-term upward trend: power power in May 2019
Pooler 5.68gwh, continuing the same upward trend of 26% and ring growth of 5%, increasing at a slower rate. The risk of short-term volatility in the sale of new energy vehicles, as a result of the low price promotion of the five cars in the backsliding and traditional countries, is still low in the cash cost and the probability of a discounted six-car promotion.
In the medium-to-long term, given that there is still much room for price reduction in the industrial chain, the sector is expected to continue to grow, with some of the new energy vehicles on the scene becoming economically more economical. The company is the leader of lithium, gradually expanding to the area of lithium ion batteries and electronic smoke: the company started with lithium.
Original batteries, 2012 in the consumption of lithium ion batteries, 2014 in the acquisition and introduction of electronic smoke operations, 2015-2016 in the application of lithium ion batteries to the power and storage areas.
Checking equipment, the first five- to eight-year life cycle has arrived and the demand for replacement is high; within two years, the State Council has requested that the freeway provincial toll stations be largely eliminated, and no parking charges are made.
Cylinder cells shift to the consumer market, power-focused square cells: companies have 3.5gwhe with cylindrical battery capacity, are positioned to move from power to consumer markets, and are ordered by electric tools such as tti, which became one of the drivers of performance growth in 2019 after childbirth.
Technical support, locking in the square soft-pack technology route, was successfully targeted by Daimler and Modern Kia International Lines; the company was simultaneously developing the 10,000-shaped aluminum crust tris and lithium routes in search of greater market space. The return on investment in e-smoking continued to rise: as of 2017, the share of e-smoking in the market was only about 5%, empty.
The company holds 37.55% of Macwell’s shares through M&As, and more than 70% of McWear’s international client odm orders will be shared with the leading customers on the way to the future. Le and modern Kea dots, and the Macwell e-smokers continue to grow, with the company being estimated to be 32 times higher in 2019.
The impact of the trade war on overseas operations is more than expected: the return on e-smoking investment is less than expected: power cell surges are less than expected; new energy vehicles are not growing as fast as expected; upstream product price fluctuations are more than anticipated.1 Intra- and outsourcing, lithium taps are actively expanding the lithium ion cell, new electronic smoke business
1.1 Operations involve three major operations: Lithium primary batteries, lithium ion batteries and electronic smoke.
Early domestic secondary battery manufacturers are divided into two categories: first, large-scale manufacturers such as Biade, Biac, and second, a large number of small and medium-sized producers, who, because of their size and lack of capacity for research and development, cannot produce their own cores, mainly by way of outsourcing or large domestic production.
The company is the second type of secondary battery supplier, with a low gross profit rate of about 10% for the second battery, while the company has core lithium battery technology, with some of its products up to 40%. As a result, the company developed the primary lithium battery at an early stage.
Strategic focus, strategic control of the second battery business expansion, using the second battery primarily to expand its high-quality strategic clients and seeking to become its lithium primary battery supplier. As technology and capital accumulated, companies raised over 56 million dollars in investment with ipo in 2010.
Since then, the company has entered into the lithium ion core industry, with the second battery operation being gradually converted from lithium ion to lithium ion core production and assembly from nickel helium secondary batteries.
The company ' s lithium ion battery, which was rapidly developed through over-mobilization and subsequent successful integration of Desai ' s pooled energy assets and clusters, became the company ' s first core business in 2013. Electronic smoke is a lithium ion battery, a major customer, and the company ' s acquisition of the layout electronic tobacco sector, where the current business is dominated by the participation of Mike.
Lithium primary batteries Lithium primary batteries, also known as one lithium cell, are cells with a negative and extremely lithium charge capacity.
It has the advantage of high energy, long life, and a wide range of temperatures. Lithium primary batteries were first used for military purposes and have been widely used in various smart meters since the 1980s (including electricity, water, gas and heat tables, etc.), radio frequency recognition (rfid), auto electron (tremort pressure)
Companies such as the monitoring system tpms and the safety anti-piracy system and industry (electronic smoke alarms) produce lithium primary battery products, mainly lithium sub-cells, lithium manganese batteries and spc (cells combined with capacitors, used to meet the share of a high-voltage electrical field such as a bicycle).
Lithium ion batteries Lithium ion batteries are also called second lithium cells. The biggest difference from a single battery is that the ion can be used to discharge power several times by moving repeatedly between the positive and the negative poles, mainly for consumption.
Electronic smoke can reduce or eliminate nicotine, particulates, tar and other carcinogens.
And with the effect of aiding the cessation of smoking. Unlike smoke-producing principles, electronic smoke can be divided into heat-free burning, electron smoke-burning and oil-smoking-type electronic smoke.
Figure 2: Categorization of batteries Figure 3: Company lithium-a, lithium-manganese and other primary lithium battery products Figure 4: Company consumption, power, storage energy and secondary lithium battery products
Figure 5: McWall Electronic Mist Products 1.2 Lithium ion batteries and electronic smoke operations drive rapid growth in performance, with an average annual increase of 29 per cent over five years.
E-smoking investment returns and lithium ion batteries were the main drivers of growth, and in 2017, the company relinquished control of McWall and gradually sold McWall shares. McWall's electromagnetizer collected $3.434 billion in 2018, an increase of 119% over the previous three years.
1.3 Research and development (R & D) investments have continued to increase, McVell has stopped and accounted for the rise in net interest rates and overall rates have stabilized and R & D rates have risen by 2.47 per cent. Corporate R & D expenditures are low compared to their counterparts, but R & D expenditures are high as a percentage of receipts.
Figure 18: Battery R & D expenditure as a percentage of revenue McVell stopped and showed a decline in the company ' s Māori rate and an increase in the net non-mortality interest rate in 2018, where the company ' s Māori rate was 23.74 per cent, a decrease of 5.52 pct over the same period last year, mainly due to 1)
Māori has a relatively high rate of electromagnetizer operations that have ceased cumulation; 2) Māori has a relatively low rate of lithium ion batteries, and the collection ratio has increased, and as the price of lithium ion battery products continues to decline, the company ' s product is still smaller and expanding, and the Māori rate is on a downward trend. In the future, as additional capacity is released, the company ' s lithium ion will be released.
Batteries have greater profitability to repair and upgrade space. In 2018, the reverse rise in the company’s non-mortality net interest rate was due to the stoppage of the electromagnetizer and watch, but continued to generate investment returns.
Figure 20: Trends in the Māori Ratio of Lithium-Billion Latitude Division, 2 - The rate of increase in lithium primary batteries is expected to return to 2.1 smart meters and growth in the etc industry continues
Lithium primary batteries have high capacity, long working life, long storage life, high-temperature performance, safety and reliability features and are widely applied to various smart meters, smart traffic, smart security, medical devices, e-call, oil drilling, positioning tracking, tire pressure monitoring systems (tpms), radio frequency recognition
(rfid), shared bicycles, smart meter: smart meter to transform the tide, smart meter markets include, inter alia, smart meter, smart water meter, smart gas watch, etc.
Smart meters are expected to grow at an average speed of 10% over the next three years. In addition to basic electrical metering functions, smart meters also have two-way multi-cost measurement functions, user-end control functions, multi-data transmission models, two-way data communications functions, and stealth-proof electrical functions that are widely available worldwide.
For example, in 2016-2020, China ' s national grid and China ' s southern grid are expected to call for 503 million smart meters, of which 463 million are for replacement of demand. According to IR consultants, the size of the global smart table market will reach $14.26 billion in 2021, compared with the market size of $8.84 billion in 2016, a year.
Smart water meters have the function of automatically copying tables, automatically transmitting data, fast-tracking leaks, and reducing waste of water resources. According to IQR, the global consumption of smart water meters in 2016 was 41.85 million, or about $1.69 billion. There is still room for development in the global market for smart water meters, which is projected to be 2021.
Market size will reach $2.49 billion, with an average annual growth rate of about 8% over the next three years. The market for smart gas meters depends mainly on gas penetration, with annual sales of about 20 million in 2015, with an average annual increase of 25-30% in domestic and global smart gas tables by 2023.
The elimination of the Trans-Provincial Highway within two years will accelerate the spread of smart systems such as etc., without parking fees (etc), which allow vehicles to pass at high speeds (from dozens of kilometres to over 100 kilometres), significantly improves road mobility, especially in the case of highways or traffic-intensive bridges.
On 5 March of that year, Prime Minister Li Keqiang stated in his report on the work of the Government that he would promote the reduction of fees for companies involved, the deepening of the reform of the toll-free road system, the reduction of the cost of crossing bridges, and the abolition of the national highway provincial toll stations within two years, in order to achieve the goal of no parking and fast-tracking fees, reducing congestion and facilitating the work of the public.
In 2016, our market was about 2.2 billion, with a combined growth rate of 45% in five years. According to research on the establishment of industries, the number of users of the market is expected to rise to 125 million in 2020, corresponding to 7 billion.
Lithium primary batteries are the start-up business, with the company achieving a breakthrough in the production of lithium sub-cells and lithium manganese batteries in 2005 and 2007 respectively, and gradually upgrading the product performance to internationally advanced levels.
In 2008, the number of domestic municipalities was 39%, the highest in the country, the top five in the world. The corporate column, buttoned lithium manganese battery product was internationally advanced and led the development of an internationally leading 9v lithium manganese battery and soft packaging lithium manganese battery, the second global manufacturer capable of producing 9v lithium manganese batteries.
The company ' s lithium primary battery achieved 1.2 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 10 per cent in comparison with the previous year; camping, remodelling and etc. operations in 2008 (driven by state demand to eliminate highway provincial toll stations), 3. Lithium ion batteries: cylindrical shift consumption, power focus squares
3.1 The demand for lithium ion batteries is seven years or 4.5 times higher The market is depressed, but the growth of new energy vehicles is expected to continue until May 2019.
The sales of 1.27 million vehicles and 1,566,000 vehicles, respectively, increased by 59.9 per cent and 61.7 per cent, respectively, and the corresponding power cell 56.98gwh, an increase of 56 per cent in the same year, of which 1.07 million vehicles were produced in passenger vehicles and 201,000 in commercial vehicles, an increase of 80.5 per cent and -0.4 per cent in the same year, with China ' s overall vehicle market continuing to be depressed in January-May 2019.
Total vehicle sales decreased by 13 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively, by 1,024,000 vehicles and 1,027,000 vehicles, respectively; however, new energy vehicle sales increased by 46 per cent and 42 per cent, respectively, compared with the same year, with a short-term risk of volatility in the sales of new and new energy vehicles, which remained unchanged from 2019: new energy vehicles.
The transition period for vehicle subsidies is coming to an end, traditional cars are heavily marketed, and in the short term there is a risk of volatility in the sale of new energy vehicles, but for two reasons, the temporary maintenance of the 2019 sale of new energy vehicles is projected to remain unchanged: 1) cash profits of the car company are still in place and do not necessarily increase prices after the transition period, 2) traditional car country VI is still on track.
In the medium- and long-term, high increases in new-energy cars are not necessarily long-term: in the medium and long-term, given that the new-energy automobile industry chain still has a large drop-off space, a gradual buffer against regressive shocks and a continuation of high growth trends can be measured.
In the absence of subsidies, the average annual use costs of conventional and 400 km new energy vehicles are 235,000 km per year, 236,000 per year, and 20,000 km per year, 261,000 per year, and 24.4 million per year. Thus, the economy of renovating new energy vehicles is comparable to that of traditional cars.
The economy will be even better in certain use scenarios. Thus, we believe that new energy cars can sustain the trend of rapid growth.
In China and Europe and America, respectively, the demand for power cells was estimated at 327gwhe in 2025: mobile phones and pen power have stabilized, electric tools and bicycles have flourished.
Electric bicycles, charged treasures, etc... According to the ggii and the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, consumer electronic power tanks showed little growth in 2018, with a saturated market for smartphones, a small decline in battery loads, future growth of space in 5g retrenchment and single-line electrical upscaling: 2018 in areas such as electric tools, electric bicycles, etc.
In 2017, according to IRIN, there were two different shipments of lithium batteries from the world and China.
10.4 gwh, 3.45 gwh, an increase of 38 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively, are expected to be higher than domestic storage cells in 2022, with a stronger demand for storage capacity, assuming the same rate of growth in foreign storage cells as in the domestic context, the global demand for storage batteries was 41 gwh in 2022, with an average annual rate of growth of about 16 per cent.
Figure 29: Market value and forecast for the domestic lithium storage calendar year (millions of yuan) Figure 30: Lithium storage engine (gwh) and the same rate of acceleration Total lithium electricity demand is projected to grow by 4.5 times over seven years
A rough estimate of the global sales of lithium batteries in 2018 is about 189gwh. In 2025, the demand for power cells was about 833gwh, with a significant increase in the share, and there was uncertainty about the consumption of electronic and storage batteries, but the impact of the low ratio on total demand was less significant, and the estimated demand was about 201gwh. The global demand for lithium batteries in 2025 was estimated to be about 201gwh.
3.2 Cylinder consumption, power squares opening up new markets Lithium primary cell/second battery assembly consumption lithium ion cell ion power, storage energy lithium ion cell. The company's original main business was lithium primary cell and secondary battery assembly, and invested in the construction year 2010.
Softly packaged lithium ion cell production lines and technology platforms with 12.5 million accelerators (100,000) are officially entering the consumption of lithium ion cores; in 2016, the company moved into power and storage cells with the production of additional rectangular lithium phosphate and three-dimensional cylinder batteries. In 2018, the company adjusted the three-digit power cell program.
Gradually, the trio product is imported into consumer electronics, such as electric tools, with a new three-pack as the main product in the power cell sector. Cylinder batteries turn around and open up for sale, which is the main support for 2019 performance growth.
The company's powered cylinders, Trinity and Lithium Phosphate, are new operations for the same period, with capacity to be released around 2016. In 2017, the company's powered cylinders, Trinity and Lithium, were installed on 615mwh and 207mwh, respectively, at 3.85% and 1.15% respectively in the domestic market.
In 2018, the company installed 160 mwh and 1113 mwh, respectively, with domestic municipalities accounting for 0.52% and 5.16% respectively, and the city of phosphate for lithium, while the city of phosphate continued to rise, while the city of the cylindrical column fell.
In 2018, the product of the Cylindrical Trinity received an estimated 800-90 million yuan from the cylindrical Trinity, which, according to our calculations, would be about 1,000 mwh at an average price of 0.85 yuan/wh. In the second half of 2018, the company added a new 2.5 gwh Cylinder III.
By the year 2019, it is expected that more than $2 billion will be generated. The three-dollar industry is expected to be one of the main drivers of growth in corporate performance in 2019.
Soft packages and aluminium shell power cells are being developed to support the company's growth in 2020 and beyond, and after the company's power cells have abandoned the three-dollar technology route of the cylinders, the introduction of ski funds and technical support has focused on the development of power soft packages.
In terms of production capacity, the company is expected to generate 8.8 gwhes, of which, when it came into production in 2018, the company was increasing its self-research and development of three-dollar aluminium shell batteries to meet future domestic market demand. Technical barriers to power cells are high, there is a clear trend towards concentration of leads, and markets are looking at second-line power cell companies.
The company has access to internationally recognized car tap orders, such as Daimler and modern Kia, which demonstrate that its technology, quality reliability, and reliability meet the needs of front-line car companies, and that the market concerns are gradually being eliminated. With the new production, the soft-packing battery business is expected to become the company in 2020 and beyond.
3.3 Storage capacity: Active preparation of the trillion-dollar market, market space for storage capacity is huge, but limited to economic reasons, and the global lithium storage energy market has not yet reached its release stage. As a chemical power provider, companies actively participate in any possible market.
Energy storage projects, post-war storage markets.4 Electronic smoke: hundreds of billions of markets, McVell's investment returns are higher than expected  High e-smoking industry, but market share is still low
E-smoking can be divided into heat-free e-smoking and smoke-smoking e-smoking, depending on the principle of smoking, as its market share increases rapidly as global smoke control becomes more healthy and supportive. In 2010-2017, the e-smoking market grew at an annual compound rate of about 45%, reaching $12 billion by 2017.
In the United States, the United Kingdom, and other European and American regions, consumers are concentrated, with US electronic tobacco sales reaching $4.63 billion in 2017, with 39% of the world’s cities ranked first. Despite rapid growth, the market share of electronic smokers is still low, with the global market accounting for 5.16% in 2017.
In the countries with the largest tobacco consumption, e-smoking users account for about 13 per cent of the smoker population; in China, there are 316 million smokers and the e-smoking user ratio is only about 0.6 per cent, so there is still much room for growth in the e-smoking market, with p&smarket predicting a global e-smack sales of 48 billion in 2023.
• As an invention country for electronic smoke, China produces about 90 per cent of the world's production, although China's consumption of electronic smoke is small, and as an invention country for electronic smoke, most of its products or their accessories are from China. By the end of 2017, about 90 per cent of the world's electronic tobacco products were produced from China.
In China, where more than 90% of them are sold abroad, the United States is the largest export market. In 2018, China produced about 2,305 million electronic smokes, an increase of 32% over the previous year, with a 40% compound increase for nearly four years.
Figure 38: E-smoking market size and speed projections Mergers and acquisitions into downstream e-smoking, 50.1% of the annual acquisition of McVell shares are officially involved in the e-smoking market.
In September 2018, the company ' s shareholding of McValby was reduced to 37.55 per cent.
Macwell's majors are electronic fogizers and open electronic fog equipment (i.e., electronic smoke), research and development, billions of dollars, an increase of 119% over the same year, an increase of 127% per year over the last three years. The McWall core team has been in existence for many years.
Professional experience in research and development, manufacturing, and customer-channel operations in the electronic mist equipment industry, with ceramic hair heaters and accessories, cumulatively authorized 456 items, of which 360 were patented, 121 were patented, and the number of patents awarded was growing rapidly.
In the future, as e-smoking increases overseas and in domestic cities, the McWell Electronic Smoking and apv industries will be able to build lithium cells.
The downstream applications of lithium primary batteries were mainly smoke alarms, shared bicycles, smart metering and smart traffic etc. The growth rate in 2016-2018 was 11.8 per cent, 40.6 per cent and 10.0 per cent, respectively, with higher rates in 2017 due mainly to domestic shared bicycle outbreaks.
With regard to the Māori rate, considering that the increased tariffs on trade may have a small impact on the company ' s profits from lithium primary batteries, the lithium ion batteries include different products such as consumer packages, consumer cylinders, power packages, power lithium, etc. The growth rate in the previous three years was 186.6 per cent, 67.4 per cent and 126.6 per cent, respectively, with higher rates in 2018.
Mostly because of the acquisition of gold energy companies ' consumption-type battery operations and schedules, and the power of lithium phosphate and so forth, growth will be driven in the future by the gradual completion of the consumption cylinders and the release of additional capacity, such as power soft packages. It is assumed that in the next three years, the e-smoking business will be dominated by McVell’s investment gains. The e-smoking market is still low, and industry is developing.
Big space. Big international customers like Jupeterresearchchll., japantobacco, reynolds are expected to share the high e-smoking market with McWell. Assuming that the next three years of wheat and modern Kia dots and the MacWeil e-smoking increases continue, the company will be valued 32 times as high in 2019.
The impact of the trade war on overseas operations was higher than expected. The company ' s offshore revenue in 2018 was about 830 million yuan, or 19 per cent of the total, predominantly lithium primary and cylindrical lithium ion battery orders.
In 2018, the company received about $360 million in equity sales and investment returns from McVell, which represents a higher total profit than in the United States. The main distribution area for electronic smoke is likely to be affected by the trade war; and some countries and regions are unclear about their e-smoking legislation and have some policy risks.
There is a risk of sub-smoking not performing as expected.
New energy cars are growing faster than expected, and corporate power cell operations are driven mainly by new energy cars. Compared to conventional cars, new energy vehicles still have three pains: short, slow and expensive limousine renewals, and demand is subsidized by road rights and subsidies.
The volume of power cell sales in the report is projected to increase at an average rate of 26% per year for new energy vehicles in the future, and there is also a risk that the volume of power cell sales will fall short of expectations if the volume of downstream vehicle sales falls short of expectations.
The company’s lithium batteries are upstream processing products such as lithium carbonate, cobalt sulphate, nickel sulphate, which are more cyclical in nature, and have the risk of significant price fluctuations. While the company uses the profit plus model, it may affect its profitability if the upstream price increases are not passed down in a timely manner or if they result in stock impairments.
Figure 51: There have been significant fluctuations in lithium carbonate prices.