In the third quarter of 2025, the company achieved operating income of US$ 6005 million, or -2.25 per cent, in the third quarter of 2025; net profit of US$ 2,586 million, or 17.77 per cent, in the case of mothers; net profit of US$ 17,77 per cent.
The price of gypsum plates has fallen and the company ' s Māori ratio has fallen: the company ' s main industry gypsum boards have a strong relationship to real estate, with investment in real estate development equal to -13.9 per cent in January-September 2025, and new construction/completed space equal to - Jayameen
18.9 per cent/-15.3 per cent. The housing market is weakened by the demand for gypsum boards, and the company ' s sales of gypsum boards have fallen slightly in the previous three quarters; in addition, some enterprises have moved across industry into the gypsum market, further exacerbating competitive pressures in the gypsum industry, the price of the gypsum plates has fallen and the company ' s profitability has declined in the first three quarters of 2025.
With a small increase in cost rates, the letter-of-contribution policy increased receivables: the reduction in the company ' s current interest-bearing liabilities and the reduction in financing costs in the first three quarters of 2025.
Quarterly corporate receivables increased by 162.61 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the company’s annual letter-off sales policy with an increase in the credit-plus period, and it is expected that the amount of corporate receivables will return to normal levels as year-end returns increase. In addition, net cash flows from corporate operations in the first three quarters of 2025 amounted to $1,539 million, the same amount as in the year-to-year period.
The purchase of part of the accounts receivable resulted in an increase in operating cash inflows during the same period last year, as well as a decrease in cash received in January/February of this year in the quarterly sale of Gabriele on 28 October 2025.
Business layouts continue to advance and new product matrices increase business profits: companies continue to advance the “one-wing, global layout” strategy, expanding the size of gypsum boards and “two-wing” capacity through a combination of capacity expansion and M & As, and producing elasticity for subsequent business growth reserves; and corporate international production matrices are gradually taking shape.
In the first half of the year, the company’s overseas revenues grew significantly, and with the release of overseas bases such as Thailand and Bosnia and Herzegovina, it will contribute more performance. At the same time, the company has increased market openings and product upgrading, the castboards and waterproof operations have launched a series of high-value-added products from the country’s tide, and the paint business is anchored and high-end and fast-tracked.
The top-of-the-end market coverage, with the promotion of the company's high-end new products, is expected to raise the client list, thereby increasing the firm's value.
(000786.sz): The gypsum sheet is still resilient and the “two-wing” income is inverse; the water and paint industry is growing as the retail outlets of the follow-on company are well-placed and high-end new products are being promoted
Competitiveness will be enhanced; the growth of overseas markets is fast and is expected to contribute more to the future of the company. 2. [Galactic Building Materials] company review report _ New North Building Materials (000786.sz): Two-wing energy drives robust performance.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.