Building materials in the North (000786), both wings continue to grow, waiting for the Southwest Securities Institute to recover.
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports from the company in 2025, with total operating income of $19.905 billion in the first three quarters of 2025, one wing, global layout. 1) Business layout: companies continue to consolidate their castboard operations, promote high-end product layouts, and boost the incremental market such as rural, domestic, retail, etc.; accelerate the expansion of waterproof operations, with a focus on:
Refurbishment, reformation, retailing of domestic appliances, enhancement of channels; acceleration of the paint industry, consolidation of the dominance of the sky field, focus on wind blades, industrial preservatives, segmenting of high-end equipment machinery, and continuous extension of the application domain. 2) Overseas layout: around Africa, South-East Asia, Central Asia, Europe and the Mediterranean Rim, etc.
Several regional market layouts have been developed initially, and will extend to neighbouring markets in a point-to-face manner, based on existing offshore production bases; and the use of gypsum niches to pre-empt water, coatings and product lines to drive globalization and steadily increase the scale of overseas operations.
An increase of 0.42 percentage points, a decrease of 0.18 percentage points in the financial cost rate of the same year, an increase of 0.86 percentage points in the combined cost rate of the same year, a net interest rate of 2.23 percentage points to 13.34 per cent in the sales rate of the same year, a diversification of the business layout and a strong combination.
(a) The scale of the expansion and sustainability of the country's chemical layout. 1) The variety of requirements is met by expanding the new gypsum + product category, introducing innovative products such as the Luban all-power board, the Phoenix high-strategy plate, the Imaging Mountain series, coordinating the internal integration of paints, waterproof products, and the introduction of a whole-product application system covering hydroelectric and carbine oil.
Markets to advance the global landscape: Focus on the four regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, the Mediterranean Rim and Europe, with the advance of overseas project ladders.
Dou, M & As drive the growth of outreach operations, complete the restructuring of Gabriel and expand the production of paint from the North China region to the whole country; reconfigure bridge paints to further enrich the system of industrial paint products and expand the Chinese market; and invest in the construction of an annual 20,000-ton industrial paint production base in Anqing City, Anhui Province, to support business development.
1. New North building materials (000786). The gypsum boards are under pressure. The current real estate market has been characterized by good policies such as “stops and stabilizes”, “maintenance” and other related policies, with high downstream demand (2025-08-21)
A gradual recovery is expected, and the company, as a gypsum, waterproof and paint head business, will benefit significantly from a recovery in the sector. 2. New wood construction in the north (000786): both wings will continue to grow and industrial paint will be displayed (2025-04-29).
New North building material (000786). The cast board is solid and has a ten-fold, nine-fold and eight-fold equivalent of pe. The company’s combined competitiveness is remarkable, with a two-wing layout that works well, looking at the company’s elastic performance and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
4. New North building materials (000786), a two-wing multi-dimensional layout, with very strong operations (2024-11-05) and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or observations in this report.