New materials in the North (000786.sz): Optimizing the foundations for development
Three-quarterly reports were published in 2025 and the company earned $19.905 billion in operating revenue in the first three quarters, compared with the previous three quarters.
Plasmodium +. A “one-wing” development strategy, acquisition of waterproof materials, development of waterproof materials and coatings, with waterproof materials in the top three branches of the industry.
The decline in operating income in the first three quarters was 1.96 percentage points higher than in the first half of the year: the ratio of net return to net profit to industry demand affected the level of corporate operating income and profitability. The combined Māori ratio of companies in the first three quarters was a debt-paying and cross-equity presentation:
Optimize the debt and product structure and actively develop the solid development base overseas. In an industry-wide environment of continued weakness, companies reduce interest-bearing debt ratios and interest rates on liabilities.
Long-term borrowing, more debt optimization through the issuance of short-term vouchers, short-term finance issuance, company financial cost of 0.13 per cent, a decrease of 0.18 percentage points from the same year, and debt optimization. Companies increased their investment in cast fibreboards in the previous three quarters in order to optimize product structure and actively boost annual production
At the same time, the project of 20 million m2 of cast fibreboards has been actively deployed overseas, with the construction of gypsum production lines in Thailand and Bosnia and Herzegovina, further optimizing the product structure and furthering overseas development.
The company will benefit the most from improved supply and demand, and its performance will be more flexible. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2025-2027, respectively.
Risk capabilities can be constantly optimized in a less favourable business environment, and the foundation for development can be strengthened, and the company can be maintained.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): Optimizing the foundations of development.
More than 17 years of research experience, combined with a research framework, cover construction materials and non-metal new materials. The financial world knows the best in the voucher business.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
New North building materials (000786.sz): Optimizing the development base does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.