\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The decrease of 24.1 per cent is due mainly to the fact that Yunnan again restricted the production of electrolytic aluminium in February of this year and resumed it late; aluminum alloys and year after year, the company ' s production targets are 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxides, 2.550,000 tons of aluminium electrolysis, 1.37 million tons of aluminium alloys and processed products, and 820,000 tons of carbon. Considering the capacity climbs and future q4 q4.
Qiuzu has the same ton of aluminum moori, and the company's profitability is still good.
The difference in performance is more evident in the decrease in volume. U Ki-jung, Research Assistant, was up by $64 per ton, and Yunnan began to experience a decline in electricity prices in June, with an average of 0.255 yuan per Yunnan electricity base price.
By 0.022 degrees, the decline was 0.022, but with the decline in production, the increase in depreciation of tons of aluminium, and the resumption of electrolytic aluminium, the increase in the cost of the pits, the increase in the cost of electrolytic aluminium, and the decrease in the Maori ring ratio by $241 million. The decline in the other/investment earnings ratio was $ 0.33 million, mainly due to the fall in the performance of the consortium's conglomerates.
In the future, point 1: 1) The costs are relatively stable and the performance is flexible. The company’s electricity prices fluctuated seasonally, but the whole story is, “See today, green aluminium highlights a more stable long-term value in 2023/03/26, costs are low across the country, and the company’s electrolytic aluminium production is high, according to 2023 production guidelines.
Corporate equity yields of 2.09 million tons, relatively low costs and high capacity, and the company’s elasticity of performance. (2) Capital and liabilities are optimized, and performance is fully released. With improved profitability and the end of capital expansion, corporate asset and liability statements, profit statements, cash flow statements are optimized and impairments are largely eliminated, and companies’ future performance is assured.
3) The value of green aluminum is highlighted under the goal of "better carbon." Europe has established a carbon tariff on imported goods. Under the European carbon tariff policy, green aluminum will be exempt from future carbon duties of $6768/tonne, and in the context of domestic "doubt carbon" the inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in the carbon trade is mandatory. Green aluminum premium will reflect the fact that corporate electrolytic aluminum is located in Yunnan.
q3 is expected to increase. q3 is expected to increase. The price of electricity is significantly lower than in the other quarters, while companies are able to achieve full production, higher yields are expected, aluminium prices are expected to move up, and products are expected to rise.
\triangleright published its semi-annual report for 2023. 2023h1, the company achieved 17,670 million yuan in operating income, which was affected by the fall in aluminium prices, and 7,678 million yuan in 2023 for h1 electrolytic aluminium.
A decrease of 35.74 per cent, or 43.45 per cent of the total revenue; a decrease of $9,590 million in aluminium-processing products; a significant decline in the price of electrolytic aluminium in the Maori sector, which also led to a decline in corporate profits, and a 35.21 per cent decline in the same year, or 47.38 per cent of the total; and a contribution of 28 million in other products.
Volume: 2023h1 original aluminium production was 974,000 tons, a decrease of 24.1 per cent from the same year, mainly due to production restrictions imposed again in Yunnan in the first half of the year and later in the water-rich period, and to the late resumption of electrolytic aluminium production; 703,000 tons of aluminium oxide, an increase of 4.6 per cent from the same year, which remained largely stable; and 380.0 million tons of carbon, a decrease of 7.0 per cent from the same year.
The company produces 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.55 million tons of aluminium electrolysis, 1.37 million tons of aluminium alloys and plus industrial products, and 820,000 tons of carbon. Given the late availability of Yunnan water, and given the energy slopes and the reductions that q4 will face in the future, we expect the company to produce about 2.35 million tons of aluminium electrolysis in 2023.
Lean: Although the cost of preparing for the anode has declined, the company’s profitability has declined considerably due to the higher price of aluminium, and the amount of aluminum is equal. In terms of profitability in the first half of the year, the company’s performance is not lower than expected, profitability is still higher, looking forward to the second half of the year, when the price of electricity has fallen even more sharply, and we expect the tons to gain more.
Three fee rates have decreased by 0.3 pct, and Māori rates and net interest rates by 2.11 pct and 2.51 pct, respectively. By 0.3 pc, the lower rate was due mainly to a higher drop in revenue, with sales costs of $1.92 million, or 44.06 per cent less, mainly due to the investment of slab assets into the upper end of 2022 to the upper end of medium aluminium.
The high cost of sales for the flat belt business; management costs of $252 million, a 25.38 per cent decrease in the same year, was due mainly to a larger decline in other items; financial costs of $6.628 million, a 54.77 per cent decrease in the same year, was due mainly to the continued decline in liabilities and interest rates, asset-liability ratios and low impairments. As profits continued to improve, companies continued to pay their debts.
Debt falls mainly as a result of corporate repayments of loans. 2023h1 basically did not write down its assets, with a record of $241 million. This was mainly due to lower output, higher costs and start-up chute charges; other/investment returns.
The reduction has led to a decline in financial costs; income tax (+120 million yuan), mainly due to a decline in profits; and gains and losses for a minority shareholder (+93 million yuan), mainly due to a fall in aluminium prices and lower earnings for subsidiaries.
2023q2 River with an average price of $18520 per ton of coloured aluminum per ton, an increase of $64 per ton in the ring ratio. The price of the precipitous anode fell significantly as the water season arrived, but the company lost its profits due to lower production and higher depreciation due to Yunnan production restrictions, plus the cost of the lift-up slots. q3 was the water season, electricity prices fell further, and the company became a company.
A 0.1 pcc increase in the management cost ratio round, with less change in sales and financial costs.4 The supply of electrolytic aluminium peaked, demand was strong, Europe ' s recovery path was difficult, and domestic supply constraints increased 4.1
Europe’s electrolytic aluminum profits are close to a profit-and-loss balance, and the recovery path is difficult. Although Europe’s gas prices have declined considerably, they are still at a high level, and the refining profits in the electrolytic aluminium industry are now close to a profit-and-loss balance, while the electrolytic aluminum single ton opening tanks are expensive, the recovery costs are high, and businesses need to see steady and sustained profits to make a real profit.
There are fewer, mostly replacements and fewer new capacity, and as of August 2023, the electrolytic aluminium industry was able to produce 2.197 million.
Tons, of which 777,000 tons have been delivered, 1.42 million tons are expected to be produced, 16,655,000 tons can be replaced by electrolytic aluminium, and only 370,000 tons of non-replaced capacity are to be added.
Yunnan's rebirth is nearing its end, and the country's short-term supply is at its peak. As the costs go down, it becomes apparent that domestic electrolytic aluminium profits are being repaired, and that some of the higher-cost production can be positive, with the basic restoration of the electrolytic aluminium production in Guangxi, Sichuan, Guizhou, etc., having been completed, Yunnan's recovery began in late June and is now nearing completion.
The electrolytic aluminium has returned to 3.202 million tons of capacity, pending resumption of 475,000 tons, of which Yunnan has returned 1.73 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, pending resumption of 180,000 tons, the electrolytic aluminium has returned to its final stage, and the dead-water Yunnan electrolytic aluminium will again face production restrictions, with domestic supply peaking.
By the end of June 2023, the total capacity of electrolytic aluminium was approximately 4.46 million tons, with only about 940,000 tons of capacity remaining from the ceiling, and we expect that by the end of 2023, the total capacity of electrolytic aluminium will reach 45 million tons, with essentially maximum capacity, while the reproduction of electrolytic aluminium will have reached its final stage and capacity utilization.
In January-July 2023, the production of electrolytic aluminium increased by 2.7 per cent. Figure 22: Monthly electricity generation from domestic hydropower (in billions of kwh)
Figure 21: Monthly production and utilization of domestic electrolytic aluminium (in tons) Figure 23: Domestic electrolytic aluminium operation (in tons) Figure 24: Average daily production of domestic electrolytic aluminium (in tons)
4.2 Real estate completions are not pessimistic, aluminium needs are to be expected. Real estate completions, photovoltaics, etc. drive demand recovery. With the implementation of the bail-out, guarantee-of-delivery policy, housing completion needs are high, while photovoltaics, new energy vehicles are developing rapidly, policies are developing rapidly, and the country is experiencing rapid growth.
The recovery in demand for internal electrolytic aluminium is evident, and the rate of start-up continues to rise, with domestic visual consumption of electrolytic aluminium rising by 21.97 million tons in January-July 2023, an increase of 6.6% over the same period, and demand growth is at an all-time high. We believe that with the high base effect of photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, and the continued growth of demand for aluminium in other areas, real estate will not decline significantly.
The US Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, foreign interest rates are high, and monthly exports of 3.29 million tons of aluminium and aluminium, a decline of 20.8% compared to the previous year, have continued to decline with inflation.
As the Fed nears the end of its interest hikes, the probability of a soft landing in the overseas economy increases, and there is a need for a back-to-back stock abroad, which will lead to a future export of aluminium or a steady medium-term improvement. The domestic stock of aluminum remains low, and the lme inventory is stable.
The performance is bright, electrolytic aluminium is moving faster to the vault, stocks are at historical lows, and since August, Yunnan has returned to production, supplies are coming to an end, demand is at a low season, stocks are still not accumulated, and as the season approaches, and Yunnan is at risk of re-cutting production again at the end of October, stocks will go faster and the basic surfaces will be strengthened.
Aluminium is subject to resistance and stocks are stable. Cost falls, smelting profits are recovered and plate performance is strong. Aluminium price logic shifts from cost support to supply-and-demand-driven, and prices for electrolytic aluminium materials continue to fall, with costs falling significantly, as energy prices fall.
On 21st of the month, according to our calculations, the pre-tax pre-tax profits of the electrolytic aluminium industry in Shandong increased by $2317 per ton, while the supply end peaked, demand or continued growth will widen the gap and push the aluminium price up.5 Performance is flexible, and green aluminum highlights long-term value
5.1 Costs are relatively stable, elastic, electricity costs are stable, aluminium oxide prices have an advantage. Although Yunnan’s electricity prices vary more seasonally, throughout the year, electricity prices have been stable and not affected by coal prices, and trade prices have been affected by the increased demand for electricity in Yunnan.
In 2022, the average price of electricity traded was 226 yuan/mwh, 47 yuan/mwh, plus network fees, government funds, etc., and in 2022, the average cost of electricity for companies was about 400 yuan/mwh, free of taxes, 354 yuan/mwh, which is low throughout the country.
With a rich source, a short development period and a long Guangxi coastline, and easier for future imports of bauxite, the price of the bauxite is lower than that of Henan, Shanxi, and with the decline in the position of the bauxite deposits in Henan, Shanxi, Guangxi's advantage or water abundance, the electrolytic aluminium has been restored and expected to rise by q3 metrics in September 2022.
With the onset of the rainy season, Yunnan's water has increased significantly, electrolytic aluminium has resumed production for two months and, by 25 August, the company had resumed production and was fully operational. q3 is a traditional rainy season, and the company is now fully operational, with a marked increase in the volume of electricity generated, the reservoir level is rising, the water coming from it is more abundant and the price of electricity is high.
A decline, at the lowest point in the year (see figure 16), will lead to a positive rise in performance. 5.2 Carbon deals are on the rise, green aluminium values are on the rise, domestic carbon deals are on the rise, and carbon prices are on the rise.
To determine the total amount of the quota, the price of carbon will be set by market transactions. In 2021, the national carbon trade started and the price of carbon started to move up, mainly in the electricity sector, where the price of carbon is almost 60 yuan/tonne, and the scarcity of carbon emissions will gradually be reflected in the future as energy-intensive industries such as electrolytic aluminium are included.
All right. Depending on the “double carbon” policy target, there is much room for future upswings in domestic carbon prices, in line with the trend in European carbon prices. Currently, domestic carbon prices fluctuate around $60 per ton, converted into electrolytic aluminium costs, green aluminium saves $656 per ton, and green aluminium saves 6768 ton per ton if it is traded in Europe.
Figure 34: Shanghai Carbon Emissions Trading Prices (in yuan/tons) adopted by the European Carbon Tariff Agreement and the era of green aluminium premium. 9 February 2023, European Parliament Commission on Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (envi) formally adopted the European Carbon Boundary Adjustment Mechanism (cbam)
The agreement, which entered into force on 1 October 2023, calls for the imposition of carbon duties on iron and steel, cement, aluminium, fertilizer, etc., which began in 2026, with the phasing out of the free quota until 2034. The formula for the EU carbon tariff is as follows:
cbam = carbon content x (EU carbon payment cost - exporting country carbon payment cost) Our carbon trading mechanism has developed late, carbon quotas have been issued sufficiently, carbon prices are far lower than those in Europe, and domestic electrolytic aluminium will face high tariffs as European carbon tariff policy lands. According to the tariff-based formula, exports to Europe will take place.
The commodity is equivalent to a carbon-emission fee based on European carbon prices, with China ' s carbon duty on the export of electrolytic aluminium to Europe at approximately $6768 per tonne, and for electrolytic aluminium enterprises for fossil energy fuels, the cost has risen significantly.
In 2021, in Yunnan's power structure, hydropower accounted for as much as 80% of new energy sources, wind and other sources of electricity, renewable energy accounted for as much as 87%, electrolytic aluminium carbon emissions were low, and green aluminium was characteristic of the future.
Including carbon trading will highlight the advantage of the Yunnan Green Aluminum. The current domestic carbon price is over $60/t, converted to the cost of electrolytic aluminium, resulting in savings of over $656/t (if the share of renewable energy is taken into account, companies can save about $571/t), while green aluminum has a huge advantage for exporting to Europe.
The company's electrolytic aluminium assets are in Yunnan, and the value of the green aluminium contained therein is incalculable in the long term.
The company’s performance is more influenced by aluminium prices, and the demand for electrolytic aluminium is weak.
If the price falls, the company’s profits will be affected. 2) Yunnan’s production limit is higher than expected. The lack of electricity supply in Yunnan, coupled with the apparent expansion of the energy-intensive sector, may be higher than expected.
3) The inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in carbon trading has not progressed as expected. In the “double carbon” context, the inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in carbon trading is imperative, but limited to economic development, and progress may be very slow.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.