Byadi: The new product, the new product cycle, the end of the new energy car, the continued overexploitation of the new product cycle, the improved profitability of the new car.
The company is the leader in the new energy automobile industry in the country, which has been working for many years on the chain of industries up and down in new energy vehicles. As the company’s dynasty series was restructured, the image of “dragonface” was adopted uniformly, with a significant increase in the value of the paint.
The research team in the automotive and parts industry continues to expect that the company’s powerful new product cycle will be launched. 18 years of roll-out will complete the climb, sales will continue to explode, as power cell capacity is released and new models like Donev will be on the market.
It is expected that this year the company will be able to achieve a similar growth rate of 80 per cent or more of its new energy by car, break through, break through the structure of the company's products, sell more than $240,000 at Domdm, keep it around 7,000 per month, according to grass-roots research in some parts of our country, with $27999,000 in Dondm's sales.
The high ratio, with over 50% in the open area, reflects the company’s success in raising the size of the new car and the progress in technological hard power. We believe that the company’s current full-scale layout of the new energy by car product line, with the explosive car type covering the price range of $100,000 to $300,000, has a huge first-strength, high-end vehicle type.
The subsidy policy is a central driver of the increase in mileage and battery energy intensity. After the introduction of the new energy subsidy policy in 2018, the overall subsidy fell, but the new energy vehicle supplement for the high-tech target was replaced by a new one.
The vehicle subsidy increases the subsidy for pure electric passenger cars with 300-400 kilometres of distance, with an energy density of more than 140wh/kg. The company’s pure electric vehicle model continues at more than 300 kilometres of distance, and we believe that future policy support will continue to be ahead of technology.
In the second quarter of 2018, the price of cobalt lithium fell to almost 50% of the domestic price of cobalt, and the price of lithium carbonate fell to about 80,000. In our view, the price of lithium carbonate dropped to about 80,000.
There is still ample room for price reduction for cobalt-rich lithium, and profit distribution patterns in the industrial chain will gradually be re-established, and downstream enterprises will be profitable in the future even after subsidies are withdrawn.
In 2018, the volume of lithium battery installed in the country increased by 67.67 per cent, with industry growing at a high rate.
The company is the best domestic battery company to compete with catl.
Biadey: Subsidized slopes. With the resolution of capacity bottlenecks, batteries out for customers to expand well, the company is now starting to give Toyota an impact on profitability and its performance is likely to rebound for the next half of the year.
A mix of Chang-Ann and Fulgent Cars is expected to achieve bulk delivery after 2020.
The annual volume of new energy vehicles sold was 42,600,000, while the volume of traditional vehicles sold remained modest.3 The company ' s share of operating income was around 13 per cent, and cash flows continued to improve, unlike the general public ' s perception.
1. While Tesla’s national production is generally considered to have some impact on Biadi, we believe that the company’s main vehicle for new energy vehicles is below $300,000, that the client group is in a different position from Tesla, that the comparative advantage is still clear, and that it is limited. Moreover, Biscadi has a better understanding of domestic markets and consumer preferences, and that it has a clear advantage over profits.
2. There is a general perception in the market that the cost of new energy vehicles is high, that they are dependent on subsidies, and that the profitability of new energy vehicles remains to be proven; we believe that companies’ new energy vehicles are pre-eminenced, have high upstream and downstream integration, are folded with a fall in the price of cobalt-carrying lithium, and that the structure of the new company ' s products has been broken upwards, and that future companies can make a profit.
1. Continuing to benefit from the new product cycle, the volume of sales of the booster vehicle continued to outperform expectations.2 In 2019, the year-on-year increase in performance was reversed.3 Out-of-cell supply was smooth and delivery was higher than expected.
The decline in domestic car sales, the lower-than-anticipated sales of new energy vehicles, and the less-than-anticipated subsidy policy for new energy vehicles.
Biyadi Co. Ltd. was founded in 1995 and started with a secondary charger battery manufacturing operation, was listed on the Hong Kong main board in 2002, acquired the Cian Qinchuan motor vehicle industry in 2003 and launched the first-ever global launch of the plug-in hybrid new powered car (f3dm) in 2008 and was listed in a stock market in 2011.
Yadi has grown from an initial size of more than 20 people to a well-known home-grown and autonomous brand, with 220,000 employees, diversified its operations, mainly in new energy vehicles, traditional fuel cars, mobile phone parts and assembly operations, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations, and actively expanding urban orbital transport operations.
The energy sector is in the lead business, with core competitiveness in new energy automobile research and development and new energy power research and development. According to the first half of the year 2018, regular shareholders with shares of over 5% are Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., Wang Tsienfu, Lu Xiaoyang, Birkhshil Hasawa Energy, the Integrated Investment Holding Group, Xazokun and the Samsung Semiconductor in Shanghai.
Biadi has redefined vehicle standards with technology of 542 and a performance standard within 5 seconds of 100 km anccelerator, which is the power setup of the transformer box, the front 110kw electric machine and the back 110kw electric machine, and the power cell charge of 18.5 degrees.
According to the company ' s 2018 performance flash report, the company ' s operating income in 2018 was $13,055 billion, a year-on-year increase, lower sales, increased competition in the industry, lower profitability in the industry, and 2) weak demand for cellular parts and assembly,
The competition was intense, and company orders and profits were tested; 3) the loss of photovoltaic operations increased; 4) the financial cost increased.
Subsidy, accounts receivable at a slower rate than the previous year, and as the subsidy policy changes and exits, the company ' s cash flow will gradually recover.
With 12,56 million new energy cars sold, an increase of 62% over the same year, new energy cars still account for less than 5%, industry is still at a high rate of growth and industry has long-term certainty. In terms of stock, the country’s new energy potential will continue to be introduced at a likely annual rate until the first half of 2018.
The impact of some of the leading firms, subsidies, will be relatively small. Ten thousand, an increase of 117% over the same year. According to data published by the Association, the Beijing area is close to 100% as a result of the issuance of new power car license plates, which are only electric, and Shanghai as a result of the hybrid model, which also provides free access to new energy plates.
And the traditional bid for license plates is about 80,000 or more, and the sales of hybrid models have continued to rise, with 77% of the figures published this year. New energy cars in unsubscribed cities still tend to be sold mainly in pure electric vehicles, mainly because of the clear power cost advantage per kilometre of a pure electric vehicle, the cost of maintenance is cheaper, and the subsidy is higher than in a mixed vehicle.
After the introduction of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2018, the overall subsidy fell, but the subsidy for the high-technology target increased. With respect to vehicle subsidies, the limit for the extension of the mileage was raised from 100 km to 150 km.
The value of pure electric motor vehicle subsidies has increased to 45,000 per kilometer, while the value of pure electric motor vehicle subsidies has increased to 50,000 per kilometer miles over 400 kilometres. The threshold for energy density subsidies has been raised from 90wh/kg to 105wh/kg, with lower energy density of 140wh/kg and higher energy density of 140wh/kg.
There has been a decline in subsidies for new energy buses, including non-fast-filled pure electric buses, fast-loaded pure electric buses and plug-in buses, which have been reduced from 30/20/15 to $18/13/75 million.
To $1,200/kwh, fast charge from $3,000/kwh to $2,100/kwh, plug-in power from $3,000/kwh special vehicle subsidy ceiling from $150,000 to $100,000, a decrease of 33%. Under 30 degrees of electricity, 30-50 degrees of electricity and 50 degrees of electricity, 3, product upgrade, reduced cost, increased profitability of industry
In 2018, the subsidy policy was the central driver of continued mileage and increased battery energy intensity. It was evident from the FMC data that in the first three quarters of 2018, there was a marked increase in the share of high-scaling mileage models compared to 2017 at all levels.
From 6 per cent in 2017 to 50 per cent in 2018; and the ratio of mileage for the renewal of class B and C vehicles below 300 km, the ratio of a00-class vehicles decreased by 19 percentage points and the ratio of a0 and a-class vehicles increased significantly from 30 per cent in 2017 to 50 per cent in the current year, with the ratio of c-class vehicles reaching from o to 1 per cent, and the ratio of new energy automobile products.
The proportion of vehicles, buses and special vehicles with a continuous mileage of more than 300 km in the 1-12 recommended catalogue for 2018 was 89 per cent, 90 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, with a greater energy density of 140wh/kg and a higher capacity of 61 per cent, 59 per cent and 21 per cent, with a larger increase in the mileage and energy density relative to 2017.
The energy intensity of the recommended catalogues for the first 12 new energy cars (in units: lower power cell costs and higher profitability: the current retail price for the sale of electric vehicles before subsidies is still significantly higher than that of traditional fuel trucks of the same level. In the case of Eon Weirx5, the price range for fuel is 998,880,000, while the terminal price is still partially favourable.
Space, commingled rx5 instruction price of $23.19 million, pure electric guidance price range of $27.18 million to $296.8 million, with a significantly higher sale price before subsidy than fuel.The main cost of electric vehicles is concentrated in power cells, while the cost of power batteries is concentrated in raw materials such as upper cobalt lithium, and cobalt lithium.
The main reason for this is that the price of electric vehicles is significantly higher than that of fuel trucks of the same grade. As the prices of high nickelization and cobalt lithium fall, the price of new energy vehicles will decline significantly in the future.
Gar is also down to about 80,000 in the first quarter of this year. It is expected that the price of lithium carbonate will continue to fall after salt lakes are pumped, that the profit distribution patterns in the industrial chain will gradually be re-established, and that downstream companies will continue to make profits after the withdrawal of future subsidies.
A complete product line layout with a firm corporate leader in the new product cycle The company ' s new energy vehicle sales in 2018 ranked first in the world, with more than 200,000 vehicles sold, and the company ' s new energy vehicles in January-February 2019 sold more than 431,000, an increase of 175 per cent over the same period.
At present, Biadi has a market share of about 18% of new energy vehicles, and we expect the company ' s market share of new energy vehicles to rise to over 25% in 2019. Figure 27: Biadi ' s annual sales analysis in 2018 (in thousands)
At the end of 2016, the former Audi design director Wolfgang Eger joined the company, bringing the dragon face design for the Dynasty series, first used in the Songmax series. Sommax now holds more than 10,000 vehicles on average for 12 months in a row, making it the first type of blasted car after the company changed.
The price of the entire new generation's Tang fuel version is between $129.99 million and $169.9 million, and the price of the hybrid version is between $23.99 and $329.9 million. According to our grass-roots research, Dondm's sales are the hottest type of money of $279.99 million.
Downdm’s prices are almost identical to those of Hanlanda, where monthly sales are approaching, reflecting a significant increase in domestic consumers’ recognition of high-quality, autonomous brand names and environmental awareness. We believe that with Donev 600 on the market, corporate profitability will continue to improve, and the impact of falling subsidies will be effective in the future.
The size of the car shows that the size of the new generation is 4870/1950/1725 mm, with an axle range of 2820 mm, which is more spacious, hegemonic than the old, cross-cutting taillights, blow-up of the entire face, which is partly a luxury car. In the interior, the new generation uses 12.8 inches of central control.
On the power side, the new generation of Don uses a third generation of dm double-mixed power systems, with innovative structures using p0+p3+p4, with three electric motors, in addition to fuel engines, including high voltage bsg and two masters in front and back.
Electric power, power output is violent. This hybrid structure is clearly superior to transmission in terms of power generation efficiency and power output efficiency, and it can also achieve a pure power-four-drive mode, and the acceleration line is more sexy. On the data, the total power of the Dondm engine and the front and back axis mainframe can be more than 600 horse power, a peak of 950 nm, a 100-km acceleration.
A total of 4.5 seconds for most of the overruns. Figure 31: Byadi ' s model sales throughout the year 2018. Figure 32: Byadi ' s model sales in January 2019.
Yuanev has filled a gap of less than $100,000 in a pure electric vehicle type, the space and value of which are competitions of the same price, the first electric model built by Biadi on the basis of "e platform." We believe that in 2019, the sales of Maeev will continue to grow.
The company sold 520,000 cars in 2018, an increase of 44 per cent over the same year, of which 247,000 were new energy vehicles, and 13.37gwhh of the total number of motor and storage batteries. In our view, in the new generation of Don, Yuanev and Songdm,
Driven by a number of blasted cars, the company will probably sell more than 420,000 new energy cars in 2019, at a rate of more than 70 per cent of the same time, with more than 270,000 conventional models expected to sell, more than 80 per cent of capacity will be used, and the size of the production will increase the net profit of the vehicle by more than $1,000, driving the company to become more profitable and achieve higher performance.
In the Biade series, e5 is located mainly on the Internet, and e6 is located mainly in taxis. At present, several cities, such as Nanjing and Shenzhen, have introduced e6 as a taxi, gradually released in the second half of 2018, and e5 sales are stable at the level of 3-5,000 vehicles per month.
Despite the large drop in subsidies for new energy buses, Biadi’s sales of pure electric buses have remained high. Currently, the company’s electric buses are spread across several second-line cities, including Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Tianjin, Dalian, Changsha, Wuhan, Nanjing, and Hangzhou, with good market feedback.
The Division has received orders from various parts of the world, including Portugal, Spain, South Korea, India, the Philippines, Chile, Norway. The company sold 127,000 new energy buses in 2018.
In 2018, the country achieved 56.37gwh of lithium batteries, an increase of 67.67% over the same year in 2017. Of these, ev took the bus at 30.06gwh, or more than half, of which was 53.32%. ev buses, phev at the bus at 16.24gwh and 3.66gwh, respectively, achieved a double-digit increase. phev buses and ev used the car at the bus at the same time.
The current demand for lithium batteries in the country is still in a period of rapid growth, with a large market space. The capacity of lithium batteries in Biadi in 2017 totalled 16gwh, of which 10gwh is a lithium phosphate battery and 6gwh is three.
In addition, the company will build a new 24gwh capacity in Qinghai in 2018 and 2019, and in 2020, under a Chongqing agreement, Biadi's power cell delivered 8.2gwhh, the world's top three, leading almost 60% of the lig chemistry. With the company's strategic cooperation agreement with the Chang-Aan vehicle, the company's battery capacity will be used as it begins to supply batteries.
A step-by-step increase in the cost of raw materials and the scale effect will boost the profitability of the company’s battery business. The company has now started matching Toyota, Chang An, and Fortune Cars to diversify its client base and is expected to achieve bulk delivery after 2020. We believe that the company’s long-term battery technology and new energy car accumulation will drive the company to become the most relevant.
Catl competes for domestic battery manufacturers, forming a front line for domestic battery manufacturers.3 Technology leads by hard power, with a leading position, and the typical electric-car battery is mainly in a series of ways, and the disadvantage of this model is when one of them is a battery.
When it's full, it must stop charging the battery; and during discharge, when a cell is empty, the entire battery must stop releasing, or it will cause damage to the battery. In the long run, the difference in capacity between cells will be increasing, reducing the efficiency of the battery's use.
The battery management system is designed specifically to achieve a balanced state for each cell in the battery, consisting of a battery management module, a battery string management module, and a storage cell management module.
A device-controlled electrical resistance, when one of the cells has a higher amount of electricity, the system calculates the time it needs to be discharged, and discharges it by means of an electrical resistance next to the battery, thus reaching the same level of power for each cell. At the same time, a similar equilibrium pattern is applied between different batteries.
The company's igbt technology is internationally certified, breaking the country's technological monopoly. Currently, most of the country uses imported igbt products, mainly from Siemens, England, Fuji, Toshiba International, while only two companies in the country can produce high-pressure high-power igbt chips and use them in vehicles: Chinese Chinese and Biadey.
The power semiconductor, which began to build a nationalized igbt in 2015, breaks the international monopoly. Future corporate igbt operations are also looking at externalities, becoming a new growth point for companies, and considering the possibility of splitting up.
4. The shift from lithium to triple is the key to profitability. In July last year, the State modified its policy on subsidies for new energy vehicles, which will significantly reduce the subsidies for rolling cars with miles less than 300 kilometres, while subsidizing electric cars with long miles and high energy density.
This means that the traditional new energy car with phosphate as a low energy density of raw materials is likely to face the problem of withdrawing the supplementary list, thus affecting sales. At the same time, as the phosphate lithium battery wants to recover the higher cost of the three-dollar lithium battery, the Biadi announced in 2017 that the vehicle would use the three-dollar lithium power in its entirety.
The following table compares three-dollar lithium and phosphate lithium-based batteries with three-dollar lithium-based batteries, which have a clear advantage in capacity compared to the phosphate-based lithium-based batteries. The only disadvantage of the three-dollar material may be in electricity.
In terms of the safety performance of the ponds, however, the stability of the three-dollar lithium batteries has been gradually increasing in recent years through technology such as the incorporation of other metal elements into the cauldron-oxidated aluminium package during the manufacturing process. The three-dollar materials are cobalt, manganese, and nickel, and different electrode properties are obtained by matching the shares of the three.
The price of cobalt as of February 2019 was RMB 296,000/t, while the price of nickel was RMB 85,000/t, less than a third of the price of the former. Battery manufacturers are thus constantly lowering their costs by raising the ratio of relatively low-priced nickel. From $333 to $523 to 622, and from 811 to be applied in the future, cobalt use will be reduced.
At the same time, the price of cobalt has been on the decline since the beginning of 2018, which has reduced the cost to downstream battery manufacturers. At the beginning of 2018, a trio-material researcher, Kutaka, in collaboration with Biadi, said that he had developed a three-dollar 811-material soft-packed core with a energy density of 302wh/kg.
In October 2016, Biadei and Salt Lake shares and Shenzhen City Treapolis Ltd. jointly established the Blue Sea Salt Lake Bia Di Development Company, while initiating a project to build 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, with a significant future cost of lithium carbonate.
By June 2018, the power cell production project for 12 gwh in the Biadi Qinghai Xiningchuan power cell plant was officially deactivated. The project is expected to be fully operational by the end of 2019, with an annual capacity of up to 24 gwh. So, Biadi formed an entire industrial chain from raw materials to batteries in Qinghai, further reinforcing the battery production collar.
Figure 48: Overall picture of the Qinghai Battery Plant Chart 49: Internal facilities of the Qinghai Battery Plant
There is a large market space, and Biadi has pre-positioned it and has a certain market share. At the same time, as our country's new energy car market is moving towards efficiency and high battery density, changes in subsidy policy will force car manufacturers to gradually shift batteries from lithium phosphate to lithium trinity, while Biadi has been in lithium trinity in recent years.
Battery investments are huge, and they are home-grown, laying the foundation for a larger market share in the future. Biadi's industrial chain work on lithium and battery manufacturing in Salt Lake Qinghai also increases its pricing capacity when selling cars. The cost of power batteries is 30 to 50% of the cost of the whole vehicle, and Biadi includes battery manufacturing.
Its own business reduces the intermediate cost and reduces the overall cost of cars, thus allowing for a greater margin of price decline at the time of sale, with a higher value than the same type of vehicle. The company’s new energy vehicle is well-placed, brand power and technology are evident, and the car’s size continues to grow, and the new product cycle is strong.
Large, higher product structures and lower costs drive companies to become more profitable. The lead in three power technologies and the advance of intelligent driving will ensure firm corporate leadership, and we believe that 2019 will be a year of consistently higher sales than expected, with a likely reversal in performance.
2.63 dollars, taken together, and in accordance with the precautionary principle, we have used the divisional valuation method to give the company new energy by car industry, a decline in domestic car sales, a slower than expected increase in the sale of new energy vehicles and a lower than expected sale of new vehicles by the company.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.