High performance elasticity, oil-for-profit highs (for the first time) Mid-Range Sea Energy (600026) depth report
25 December 2024 The largest tanker fleet in the world, China’s main carrier of foreign trade in crude oil and petroleum products.
Chemical transport, through over 40 years of development and restructuring, has built the largest tanker fleet in the world. As of 30 September 2024, the company had 156 tankers, amounting to 23.02 million heavy tons, and six tankers and two chemical vessels awaiting delivery, with the overall tanker being the world ' s number one.
As of 30 September 2024, the company was involved in the investment of 87 lang ships with a capacity of 15.5 million cubic metres. The company’s internal oil and lang clients were stable, and the company’s long-term lease in exchange for a steady gain became a ballast for its performance, and foreign trade oil was dependent on Pang.
Large vlcc capacity shares significant profits from the global upward cycle of oil transport. 24 December 2024 Industry opportunities: global crude oil and finished oil transport patterns are re-structured and oil shipments are in the upper cycle (1).
On the supply side, the tanker industry as a whole is older and has grown rapidly in hand orders over the past 23 years, but older ships facing dismantling in the last 20 years or more by the end of September 2024 account for about 16% of the overall capacity, 1.1 times the capacity of hand orders.
Environmental regulations, such as speed, are limited, and supply is expected to continue to grow slowly, mainly to replace old ships. (2) On the demand side, the phasing-out of production reductions in the short term, such as in the United States, will stimulate a rebound in oil transport demand, with medium-term zeropec predicting a comparable global demand for crude oil in 2024.
Oil demand will increase steadily. (3) The Russian oil sanctions and the Red Sea crisis have led to the re-engineering of the global oil transport pattern, and the bypassing of the Cape of Good Hope will lead to an increase in distance and a decline in real capacity. Bimco predicts that the re-engineering of the oil transport pattern resulting from the war in Russia and the corresponding sanctions will boost the 2023 global crude oil tankers.
The distance of oil tankers increased by 3 per cent and 2.3 per cent, respectively, and the low-water level of the Panama Canal and the Red Sea crisis will give further impetus to an increase in the average range of crude oil tankers by 7 per cent in 2024, and to an increase in the average range of finished tankers.
The current global pattern of oil shipments is still in the process of re-engineering, the future of the refinery is expected to expand further, and the supply of tankers has grown only modestly, and Trump has indicated that it will encourage traditional energy sources when they come on board.
China is expected to implement a package of policies to expand domestic demand in 2025, and the demand for crude oil may be raised by the global oil pipeline, with a focus on foreign trade for oil and gas, with over 40 floating loads, and a reconfigured focus on oil and gas transport operations.
The company’s predecessor dates back to the Shanghai ship, which was set up in 1979. In 1997, China’s maritime group was established to receive shares in the sea vessel from Shanghai by means of a transfer agreement.
Holding shareholders and renaming the company as China Sea Development, when they were mainly engaged in oil, ng and dry bulk transport operations. Following the reorganization of the controlling shareholders, China Sea Group and China Far Group in 2016, the company sold 100% of the shares held in China and the South China Sea by reassembly of major assets, while purchasing 100% of the large ocean and ocean shares held by the Middle and Far Group and selling dry bulk cargo by reorganizing the stockholding group.
Carrier assets, with a focus on oil and gas and water transport operations, enhances economies of scale. Performances have fluctuated considerably from the oil cycle. Since their listing in 2002, companies have dominated their operations with oil and dry bulk transport.
Figure 3: The company’s net profits and speed of increase in size in the last 10 years Foreign trade oils are more volatile, and there has been a steady increase in intra-trade oils and lang’s operations. Sub-operations show that the company’s share of dry bulk and oil shipments by 2016 was equal to that of oils, with more than 80 per cent of oil shipments after restructuring, which has had a greater impact on performance.
In the middle, revenues from the internal oil pipeline have increased steadily, and the Māori rate has fluctuated relatively little, mainly as a result of the accumulation of large domestic and foreign customers in the company ' s intra-oil pipelines, good strategic partnerships with major oil companies and independent domestic refineries, low price volatility in the internal oil pipeline, and the fact that foreign trade oil transport is influenced by international prices and contributes to elasticity of profits. In addition, the company has developed good strategic partnerships with major oil companies and independent domestic refineries in recent years.
In order to rapidly scale up the lang capacity, the fully-owned lang and 50% share-holding Clng in Shanghai have become the leading domestic lang transport company, with ng transport revenue rising gradually.
The global economic slowdown in 2024, the fall in demand for crude oil and petroleum products, and the fallback in the price of the finished tankers may re-open to the crude oil tanker market, where the current tanker industry is relatively surplus in the short term, we believe.
In the long term, the supply and demand for oil will be evenly balanced in view of the temporary slowdown in turnover caused by the increase in the price of oil shipments since 2022 and the downturn in the bid for shipbreaking.
The supply of new tankers is low in the short term. After 2008, low fuel prices, low fleet willingness to build ships, and a fall in global tanker delivery after 2016. According to new orders, the number of new tankers in 2023 and 2023, in terms of heavy tonnage, recovered, with the fastest increase in orders for finished tankers, which accounted for the fleet ' s capacity on hand orders in early 2024.
A total of 13.6%, up to 19.6% by August 2024; in the case of crude oil vessels, the overall share of hand orders in the fleet as of October 2024 was low, despite the equally rapid growth of orders. However, new shipbuilding orders did not translate into actual capacity as quickly as in the past.
Large ship berths at the plant have been largely occupied by container ships and eng ship orders, and mbshipbrokers expect to release new crude oil tankers from 2026 to 2024, with oil tanker capacity remaining relatively high in the short term over the years in all areas of the maritime industry, and the general choice by shipowners to upgrade their capacity has led to tension on the shipboards and various types of ships.
In recent years, environmental regulations in the area of international maritime transport have become more stringent, requiring new ships to gradually switch to green energy to meet environmental standards.
The former global development path for green energy has not yet been harmonized, the premature renewal of the fleet may lead companies to face the high cost of retrofitting in the future, and the shipowners may currently lack the incentive to continue to order large numbers of new tankers.
Oil tankers over 12 years old (including asphalt ships), bulk chemical vessels, liquefied gas vessels are three types of old sea vessels. In the maritime transport market, as a result of such factors as safety regulation and environmental review, older ships are usually faced with more regulation and safety.
The average age of ships aged 15 and over is 44 per cent of the current fleet and the age of 20 is 16 per cent of the current fleet. According to mbshipbrokers, as of August 2024, the proportion of ships aged 0 to 5 years of modern Vlcc was 18 per cent, while the proportion of ships aged 15 to 20 years of old is another 18 per cent, and the proportion of young vlcc is projected to decline to 9 per cent by December 2027.
The increase in the supply of ships will be largely offset by an ageing average, and the overall supply is expected to remain strained. imo environmental regulations limit the ability of older ships to slow down or dismantle. imo in 2018 developed a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from ships.
The framework of the initial strategy was followed by the introduction of short-term emission reduction measures (eexi and cii) effective from 2023.eexi: refers to the existing energy efficiency index for ships, which is used to determine energy efficiency for ships, and the eexi achieved by ships represents energy efficiency relative to the base line.
The energy efficiency index is compared and the coefficient is expressed as a percentage of the baseline of the energy efficiency design index (eedi). cii: refers to the annual operational carbon intensity indicator, which requires annual operational cii to be achieved during the period after the end of the 2023 calendar year and the end of each subsequent calendar year, with a rating to be given accordingly within a-e area.
For the first year in a row, ships rated as e must submit a corrective action plan to show how to achieve the required c or eexi is a one-time review, whereas cii is an annual review and is required to increase annually, and it is expected that existing older ships will be forced to slow down gradually to meet environmental regulations in the face of cii, resulting in a decline in physical capacity.
Figure 15: The imo abatement measures may require ships to perform actions such as limiting engine power to meet the requirement that the mepc plan to re-examine the emission reduction measures (eexi, eudi, cii) in 2026 and propose improvements that will be effective in 2027. In the short term, they will cause more old ships to slow down or dismantle, and the International Maritime Organization (imo) in 2023
At its 80th session (mepc80), the Marine Environment Protection Committee adopted a strategy for the reduction of greenhouse gases (ghg) from imo ships in 2023, which is a mandatory document directive requiring that the total annual emissions of greenhouse gases from international maritime transport be reduced by at least 70 per cent by 2030 compared to 2008 and strive for a reduction of 80 per cent. According to Clarkson ' s assessment in 2021, about 60 per cent of existing tankers are currently engaged.
And the bulk fleet is capable of meeting eexi, some of which needs to be achieved by slowing down, while nearly 40% of ships need to take a variety of measures to meet the standards, otherwise they may be forced out of operation. The outbreak and the conflict in Russia and Ukraine have led to high prices for tankers in 2021, and a large number of older ships use a variety of means to meet environmental ratings to extend their operating hours to achieve high returns.
The decline, and the increased sanctions imposed by Europe and America on the shadow fleet, has led to more old ships being dismantled and cleared. So, while new ships now account for about 11.8 per cent of the total number of active tanker fleets, we expect new tanker orders to cover mainly the speed of the downfall and the capacity lost by the dismantling of the old fleet, and the overall capacity of the tankers will remain low for the longer term.
Figure 16: Clarkson ' s 2021 assessment of about 40 per cent of its capacity requires a variety of approaches to satisfy eexi eexi ' s impact assessment of the existing fleet
The proportion of ships that are not expected to meet the eexi requirement (based on the construction of a ship type in or around 2000) is expected to use the benchmark ship-type energy efficiency values for each ship within its ship-type and dimensions, using the performance of the different ship-type and size-based base-types constructed in or around 2000 as a reference baseline, to compare the estimated energy efficiency values obtained by each ship with the reference baseline to derive a percentage of the increase in energy efficiency of each ship-type compared to the base-type.
In 2023, oil tankers and bulk carriers implemented phase edi2 standards, requiring 20 per cent efficiency gains from the Eedi reference baseline; using the energy efficiency of the base type constructed around 2000 as the eedi reference baseline value, less than 20 per cent of the energy efficiency improvement compared to the base type was not considered to meet the eexi requirement.epl: host capacity limitations;  bulk fleet counting only up to 200,000 tons.
2.2 Industry demand is expected to rebound in the short term, with a steady increase in demand for oil transport in the medium term The downside of oil prices in the short term is expected to fill the reservoir cycle. Global oil prices have been high since 2021, and countries have entered the stock cycle to contain price increases.
However, oil reserves in countries such as the United States remain low and are expected to move gradually into the replenishment cycle, and oil shipment requirements are expected to obtain figure 17: United States strategic oil reserve stocks, figure 18: United States stocks of crude oil and petroleum products (excluding Spr)
In the wake of the epidemic, global crude oil production has recovered rapidly, global crude oil demand will increase by 1.6 million barrels per day by 2023, and global demand for crude oil will increase by 1.4 million barrels per day by 2025 by the same year. Demand for crude oil tankers will continue to grow faster in the short term.
Global demand for crude oil tankers will reach 359.8 million tons in 2025, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the same period, with the largest increase in the demand of Vlcc, which will reach 3.7 per cent, while, in the medium term, Druri projects that global sea trade in crude oil will reach 21.4 million tons by 2028 and global sea trade in finished oils will reach 748.5 million tons, maintaining steady growth.
2.3 The re-engineering of oil transport patterns The war in the Russian Federation and the Red Sea crisis led to changes in traditional energy supply and demand patterns. Prior to the war in the Russian Federation, global energy supply and demand were largely determined by the market. The global map of the main road and daily average movement of oil by sea in 2017 showed that the world's crude oil-importing countries were mainly close.
In 2021, before the war, Europe maintained a high dependence on Russian energy, with about one fourth of the crude oil imported from Russia and 20% of the coal and 37% of the gas imported from Russia. After the war, the US and Europe imposed a series of sanctions on Russia, including oil price limits, which led to a change in the global pattern of supply and demand for oil and its products.
Since then, European energy imports have gradually shifted to the United States and the Middle East, while Russian crude oil exports have shifted to Asian countries. As a result of changes in ease of exchange, Russian-European energy, which had originally been transported by land and pipeline, has shifted to maritime transport, increasing the volume of marine crude oil and increasing its distance.
Crude oil in the Middle East transported through the Suez Canal was forced to bypass the Cape of Good Hope, further stretching the distance by sea. According to Clarkson, by the sky, the Cape of Good Hope would have to sail 115600 Sea Rio for 37 days.Figure 25: In 2021, Russia accounted for 20-40% of Europe’s energy supply.
After sanctions, Russian crude oil was sold mainly to Asian countries like India and China, but the increase in supply resulted in an increase in local demand, mainly re-exported after refining, stimulating the growth of demand for finished oil.
In 2020, OECD refined plant capacity showed a downward trend, which was replaced by rapid growth in the production of refineries in countries and regions such as China, India, the Middle East, Africa, etc.
♪ Baltictraderoutes ♪ ♪ Europe noortamérica ♪
♪ Middleast asia Africa ♪
Soothamerica ceania ag/japan
Southkorea/uswc southkorea/australiausg/brazil
23ara/ukc southkorea/singapore met/med
12 sikka/japan 4ra/waf singapore/ecaustralia44usg/ukc
Baltic/ukc 21usg/caribs met/fareas
The oil transport pattern has been re-engineered and increased. Bimco predicts that the oil transport pattern resulting from the war in the Russian Federation and the corresponding sanctions has led to a 3 per cent and 2.3 per cent increase in the range of the global crude oil tankers and the finished tankers in 2023, respectively. The Panama Canal, the low water level and the Red Sea crisis will further boost the average range of crude oil tankers by 7 per cent in 2024, and the average distance of the finished tankers.
The oil tankers, which are the world's leading carriers, and the eng fleet, which continues to expand, are the global leader in the 3.1 company's oil tankers, usually graded according to the number of tons they carry, and are divided into crude and finished tankers depending on the difference between the main cargo.
Crude tankers range from low to high, consisting mainly of Panama-type vessels, Avra-type vessels, Suez-type vessels, Vlcc and ulcc, and finished tankers, consisting mainly of Limp, mr, lr1 and lr2. As a result of the uneven distribution of oil-producing and consumer countries, crude oil tankers are usually placed on intercontinental routes such as the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, Asia and Europe.
Oil tankers are used mainly in domestic and regional markets. Tankers have the largest global capacity, with China’s main carriers of foreign trade in crude oil.
They operate under the flag and, through internal and foreign trade, large and large vessels, black and white oil, fully exploit the advantages of multi-ship and multi-routine companies, achieving full-link logistics solutions for foreign trade imports, intra-trade rebuttals, trans-shipment and export of manufactured oil, and downstream chemicals.
A well-developed industrial chain of shareholders has now developed into the world’s largest and leading fleet of oil tankers. As of 30 September 2024, the company had 156 tankers, amounting to 23,02 million heavy tons, and six tankers and two chemical vessels to be delivered, with the overall tanker being the world’s number one.
The company is actively engaged in the transition to sustainable development and continues to promote the optimization of emissions reductions in the tanker fleet. As of 30 September 2024, three of the eight new ship orders held by the company were green methanol double-fuel Afra, two methanol ready barnas, and one methanol ready mr. In addition, the company has 13 vlcc and one lr2 installed.
With the devulcanization towers, five leased vlccs are equipped with devulcanized towers and are planned to install seven Vlcc and one Avila. The company ' s fleet of tankers has taken the initiative to promote green energy transformation without being affected by environmental regulations in the long run.
Foreign trade revenue fluctuates significantly, and internal oil transport becomes a corporate profit-barrel. In terms of performance elasticity, an extra $10,000 per day for the mega tankers under the company’s flag will increase the company’s marginal earnings by RMB 989 million, while an additional $10,000 per day for the oil tanker tce increases the company’s marginal earnings by RMB 305 million per day, and an over-elastic performance of Vlcc will increase the company’s marginal earnings by more than RMB 305 million per day.
Other types of ships. Nearly 60% of the fleet's capacity in the Vlcc fleet is the main source of volatility in the company's profits, and in terms of Māori rates, the Māori rate for intra-trade oil transport is significantly higher than for foreign trade oil and is relatively less volatile. Intra-trade oil carriers, working with large clients, in 2024, were to lock in more than 90% of their base sources through a coa contract with multiple core customers.
Intra-trade oil transport is stable as a whole. Companies continue to promote short- and medium-trading air charter models, effectively raising the fleet average tce plus new customer development and long-range route acquisition, and continue to enrich customer resources and route structure.
Figure 34: Māori income from nearly a decade of operations in the Middle and Far Sea (%) 3.3lng fleet growth, with steady growth in proceeds under the project The full-owned subsidiary of the company lang in Shanghai completed the seven Qatar energy eng transport vessels project in the first half of 2024
As of the end of September 2024, the company was involved in 48 lng ships with a total cabin capacity of 8.07 million cubic metres, and 39 additional lng ships were under construction with a total cabin capacity of 6.98 million.
The company ' s lng ship is a project-based project with a long-term lease with a specific project, with a steady return. With the delivery of the project ship under construction in the coming years, the company ' s lng business is expected to continue to expand.
A steady expansion in the construction of performance ballasts, with a foreign-traded oil fleet dominated by Vlcc, is expected to benefit fully from the up-to-date cycle. The current global pattern of oil transport is still in the process of re-engineering, the east of the refinery is expected to further expand the global oil pipeline, the supply of tankers has increased only marginally, and Trump has indicated that when he takes office, it will encourage traditional energy development and China is expected to implement one in 2025.
The demand for crude oil may be boosted by the expansion of domestic demand in the context of crowding-out policies, which in the long run will result in a gradual balance between supply and demand in the industry. Competition in the corporate sector (1) is expected to increase. The number of new shipbuilding orders in the tanker industry has continued to grow since 2023. If the supply of new ships is higher than expected in the future, this could lead to oversupply and increased competition in the industry.
Environmental laws and regulations are becoming more stringent. Countries are increasingly focusing on environmental protection, and imo and the EU are increasingly demanding environmental protection, which may have an impact on the operation of old ships. (3) Regional risks of war.
The impact of the global oil movement is greater. (4) Risk of natural disasters. An abnormal climate or natural disaster may affect fleet passage. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a a share of the reference point is 300 indexes of depth, and the new three-board reference point is three-stringed.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.