Researchchand developmentcenter, global oil pipeline, understates the value of assets for supply and demand
– Mid-Range Energy (600026), depth report, 24 December 2024, depth report, Middle-Range Sea Energy (600026.sh): Global Oil Transport
Lead, supply and demand are undervalued from assets \triangleright \triangleright
The world’s first-largest, eng-sized ships are the country’s leading, with a highly volatile external oil cycle. Given persistent supply constraints and expansion opportunities on the demand side, we believe that the company’s current assets are undervalued.
The global head tanker owner, the leading oil and gas importing company in the country.
After the reorganization of the assets, the company had 156 tankers at the end of the third quarter of 2024, with a combined capacity.
According to the sub-operations, the company’s external oil transport performance cycle is flexible, and its internal and foreign trade lang transport operations are generally robust.
\triangleright \triangleright services the global crude oil and finished oil shipping market within 52 weeks, with sharp changes in industry demand taking into account
The recent increase and decline (%) in January, the shipbuilding process from the point of entry to delivery took about two years, and changes in the size of the supply-side fleet were generally delayed after changes at the end of demand, resulting in a more cyclical nature of the industry.
Share of share in circulationa (%) for international crude oil shipping: with the Middle East at the centre of China, the transatlantic route is expected to stretch its average distance. The demand for crude oil shipping is mainly due to regional disparities in crude oil sales.
The level of production and consumption determines the volume of crude oil exports and imports, the geographical location of countries, transport conditions, etc., determine the route structure of international crude oil shipping. Depending on the route, the Middle East-Asia-Pacific route continues to contribute 30 to 35 per cent of the global volume of crude oil foreign trade, including the Middle East.
The Chinese route, which accounts for more than 12 per cent of the volume of foreign trade in crude oil, recommends that attention be paid to the corresponding route td3c; the United States, Europe, the United States, Asia and the Pacific, where the United States and Asia and the Pacific routes are about the distance from the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, and the United States, Europe, respectively.
1.7, 2.2 times, we expect to slow down long distances as the United States exports of crude oil to Asia and the Pacific increase, suggesting that attention be paid to the corresponding route td22. International demand for finished oil shipping: spread of volume structure, Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, North and South Central America
The Americas have the leading share. The diversification of the production and consumption of finished oil has led to the fragmentation of their transport demand structure, with the United States leading exports of finished oil in terms of export and import structure, and the European import of finished oil, Sinda Securities Inc.
It's in the middle of a route that has a rigid demand for shipping, the Middle East. ltd Golden House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing West Side.
The volume of shipping along the routes between China, North America, and Central and South America continues to contribute 11% to about 7% of global external trade in finished oils. The global supply of tankers is on the rise: shipbuilding will rise, and the increase in capacity is still limited.
To the extent that changes in the supply capacity of tanker blocks are dominated by fleet size, the speed of ships is also an important factor. At this stage, the willingness of the industry to build ships has recovered, but environmental regulations have limited the speed of ships or have led to tension on the supply side.
Other operations: less cyclical and more diversified business structures. On the basis of other business aspects, good performance in inland oil and foreign trade lang transport operations, companies plan to integrate the shareholding supply chain for energy chemicals logistics in the East and Far Shipping Group, starting with oil and gas transport.
Intra-trade oil transport: more than 95% of the coa supply, supporting overall performance.
In 2023, the company achieved a gross profit of $1,488 million in its in-house oil operations, and foreign trade lang transport: as of the end of the third quarter of 2024, the fleet had been tied to projects with a strong degree of certainty of performance.
Billion dollars, representing 19.11 per cent of the company’s net non-mortality profit. Investment in Dalian and acquisition of related assets by Shanghai’s mid-sea transport.
Together, a professional fleet of 14 lpg vessels (including 2 under construction) and 10 chemical vessels (including 3 charters) was introduced for dangerous chemicals.
In view of persistent supply constraints in the industry and expansion opportunities on the demand side, we believe that the company’s current assets are undervalued.
The largest oil tanker ship owner in the world, the leading oil and gas importing company in the country. The China-South Maritime Energy Transport Unit Ltd. (CMIE 600026.sh/1138.hk) completed the recapitalization of major assets in 2016, the international transport of crude oil and finished oil off China, and the international transport of liquefied natural gas (lng), and the fleet ' s capacity requirements.
Lines, with combined capacity of 2.3.2 million tons. Sub-operations, the company’s foreign trade oil transport performance cycle is flexible, and its internal and external transport operations are generally robust.The company’s foreign trade oil transport operations serve the global crude oil and finished oil shipping market, with a sharp shift in industry demand over time.
By about two years of the shipbuilding process, changes in the size of the supply-side fleet typically lag behind changes at the demand end, resulting in a more cyclical average price for the industry. On the other side of the business, there is a strong performance in inland oil transport and foreign trade lang transport, on the basis of which the company plans to complete the project.
The co-shareholder ' s internal energy-chemical logistics supply chain has been transformed from a two-structured structure supported by two major operations, namely oil, gas, gas, and storage. First, the global head tanker owner, the leading oil and gas importing industry across the country.
China Sea Development (China Sea Development Co. Ltd.) was formerly China Sea Energy Transport Co. Ltd. 600026/sh/1138.hk. The group completed a major asset reorganization in 2016, acquiring 100 per cent of its shares in the China Ocean, selling 100 per cent of China Sea bulk goods to the Chinese Far East, and reorganizing the China Main Bank International and China after it was completed.
Transportation of crude oil and finished oil along the coast, as well as international transport of liquefied natural gas (lng). Equity structure: 32.22 per cent of the controlling shareholders and 45.26 per cent of the cumulative shares of the final controlling party ' s distant maritime transport.
The company’s business model is based on the form of ship charters, including charters, leases, charters, coa contracts, and participation in the operations of the consortium pool.
The size of the company fleet: the tanker fleet is the world’s largest in size, and the eng ship is the country’s leading ship. Thanks to China’s huge oil and gas import demand, its rich domestic and foreign customer resources, its well-developed industrial chain resource advantages, and its excellent management level, its leading capacity, the company continues to lead in China’s oil and gas import transport market.
Oil transport: The company ' s tanker fleet is the largest in the world and the largest in the world. By the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company had 156 tankers, with a combined capacity of 2.3 million tons.
By the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company had been involved in the investment of 87 lang ships, all project vessels under long-term charter contracts, of which 48 had been shipped with a combined capacity of 8.7 million cubic metres. Transport volume and transport turnover were generally robust. In 2023, the company achieved 173 million tons of traffic (excluding lease terms).
Millions of tons of nautical miles, an increase of 11.3 per cent over the same period, cost structure: oil operations are dominated by fuel, depreciation, crew and ship charter fees, and foreign trade lang transport is dominated by depreciation, crew and repair costs.
Operating cost structure for oil transport operations: fuel, depreciation, crew fees, combined ship charter costs stable in foreign trade: depreciation, crew costs, combined repair costs stable at over 80 per cent, 45.56 per cent, 18.76 per cent and 17.77 per cent, respectively, in 2023
1.2 Finances: Oil transport from foreign trade contributes elasticity, oil transport from within and foreign trade lang operations contributes security mats, and financial performance from external trade lang operations as a whole fluctuates cyclically. In 2023, companies achieved a revenue of 22,091 million yuan, an increase of 18.40 per cent over the same period.
Oil transport: The net profit from the company ' s oil operations was $3.919 billion in 2023, an increase of 105.05 per cent over the same period, and the return on investment from public oil transport to associated and joint ventures: $258 million in 2023.
Foreign trade lang transport: the main performance of the investment earnings contribution, with a robust overall performance. Company lang transport of foreign trade lang transport and net operating profit: 1164 million yuan in 2023, mainly to generate sub-operation roe comparison: the oil transport division roe showed greater volatility. Company roe achieved more volatility in 2023
9.74% of the historical fluctuations are mainly from the oil transport division. In sub-operations, the oil transport division roe fluctuates in the range of -25-20%, and shows the structure of operations: oil transport for foreign trade has a flexible performance cycle, oil for internal and foreign trade lang transport operations as a whole is robust. In terms of company revenue and the gross profit structure of the water transport industry in the main business:
Oil for foreign trade: Revenues and gross profits are cyclical in nature. In 2023, revenues reached $140.05 billion, and operating profitability is shown: the periodicity of oil operations for foreign trade causes corporate profitability to fluctuate.
Foreign trade oil transport: core company performance variables, high industry cycle volatility, global crude oil and finished oil shipping markets for the company's foreign trade oil transport operations, sharp changes in industry demand, taking into account the approximately two-year process to build ships from the bottom line to delivery, and changes in the size of the supply end fleet generally lag behind changes at the demand end
International demand for crude oil shipping: with the Middle East at its core and China at its core, the transatlantic route is expected to spread evenly.
The volume of crude oil exports and imports, combined with geographical location and transport conditions, determines the route structure of international crude oil shipping. By route, the Middle East’s Asia-Pacific route continues to contribute 30 to 35 per cent of global crude oil foreign trade, of which the Middle East’s Chinese route accounts for more than 12 per cent of crude oil external trade, suggesting that attention be paid to the corresponding route.
td3c; US-Europe, US-Asia-Pacific routes are growing over time, with US-Asia-Pacific routes running about 1.7, 2.2 times more than Asia-Pacific, US-Europe routes, respectively, and we expect to slow down long distances as US crude oil exports to Asia-Pacific increase, suggesting that the corresponding route td22 be the focus.
International requirements for finished oil shipping: the volume structure is fragmented, with the Middle East taking the lead in Asia and the Pacific, North America, and Central and South America. The diversification of finished oil production and consumption leads to a fragmented transport demand structure, with United States finished oil exports standing at the top of the export/import structure and European finished oil imports at the top.
Among the rigid demand routes, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, North America, and Central and South America, respectively, continue to pay a share of 11% to about 7% of global external trade in finished oil. The current global supply of tankers: the willingness to build ships has recovered and the increase in capacity remains limited.
Changes in supply capacity are dominated by the size of the fleet, and the speed of the fleet is an important factor. At this stage, the willingness of the industry to build ships has picked up, but environmental regulations have limited the speed of ships or have led to pressure on the supply side.
The foreign trade oil transport industry business model: supply and demand structures are influenced by multiple factors, leading to fluctuations in profits. The oil transport industry is mainly concerned with the local demand for bulk crude oil, the shipping of finished oil, and revenue is based on marketized pricing, with costs including, inter alia, depreciation, ship charters, fuel fees, etc., and performance is determined primarily by the price of transport, while industry prices are determined mainly by the supply and demand structure.
At the demand end, the indicators consist mainly of volume and distance. Of these, the volume is influenced by factors such as crude oil, production of finished oil, consumption, prices, etc. The distance depends mainly on the supply and demand structure of crude oil, finished oil and is highly influenced by multilateral politics and economic games.
Crude oil shipping: the trend of expansion of crude oil production in the United States, Brazil, etc., combined with the trend of expansion of crude oil consumption in China and India, is expected to lead to a long average distance.
At the supply end, the indicators include, inter alia, fleet size and speed. New ship delivery and oil storage capacity release can increase the size of the industry fleet, while the dismantling of old ships will reduce the size of the industry fleet.
It is hoped that weaknesses, environmental regulatory restrictions on speed, among other things, will lead to supply ends or will continue to tighten. Figure 16: Oil-carrying business model 2.1.1 International crude oil shipping demand: Central to the Middle East and China, the transatlantic route is expected to take a long average distance
The demand for crude oil is mainly due to regional disparities in crude oil sales. The level of crude oil production and consumption determines the volume of trade in the country’s original oil imports and exports, the overlap of geographical location and the terms of transport, and the structure of international crude oil shipping routes.
The route represents more than 12 per cent of the volume of external crude oil trade, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the corresponding route td3c; the United States, Europe, United States, Asia and the Pacific routes are growing over the long term, with US, Asia and the Pacific routes about 1.7 and 2.2 times the distance between Asia and the Pacific and the United States, respectively. We expect to slow down long distances as US crude oil exports to Asia and the Pacific increase, and we recommend closing them.
Crude oil production: The Middle East maintains its major share, with the United States and Brazil gradually expanding. In 2023, global crude oil production reached 82.76 million barrels per day, an increase of 1.69 per cent, compared to 0.83 per cent in 2000-2023. Middle East oil-producing areas maintained their core position: the Middle East region achieved 26.27 million crude oil production in 2023.
Drums/day account for 31.75% of global crude oil production, which has been around 30% since 2000, and are the highest in all regions of the world. To avoid imbalances in oil supply and demand, and to maintain oil prices and related economic interests, major oil-producing countries in the Middle East, such as Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and the United Arab Emirates, tend to produce below-time oil prices.
In 2023, oil production in the Middle East was 0.85%, just above the global level of 0.02 percentage points. US production expanded positively and is now at the top of the world: thanks to the shale oil revolution since 2010, which led to the development of oil extraction techniques, the cost of shale oil extraction in the United States was significantly reduced, and crude oil production expanded at a high rate.
United States crude oil production reached 12.93 million barrels per day, rising from 8.50 per cent in 2000 to 15.62 per cent in 2023, the highest level since 2019. In Brazil, where the shale oil revolution has been growing faster, output grew at the highest level in all countries in the world, from 2000 to 2023.
In 2023, Brazil achieved 3.40 million barrels per day of crude oil production, rising its share of global production from 1.80 per cent in 2000 to 4.11 per cent in 2023, with cagr leading the world.
Crude oil consumption: a gradual shift in the global focus from Europe and America to China, India, and Asia and the Pacific. In 2023, the global refinery plus was 82.99 million barrels per day, an increase of 1.60 per cent from the same year to 0.88 per cent in 2000-2023. Crude refining was gradually shifting to Asia and the Pacific and the Middle East: in 2000, North America, Asia and the Pacific, and Europe were all over the world.
At the core of the global demand for crude oil, three contribute to global processing of 26.59%, 26.26%, and 21.03% respectively. As economic globalization deepens, Asia and the Pacific and Middle East countries have seen their high economic growth in crude oil demand, leading the world by 11.04% of global processing in 2000-2023.
From point to 37.30 per cent, the Middle East saw a 2.63 percentage point to 11.27 per cent increase in the global share of processing in refineries. China and India experienced a significant increase in their share: in 2000-2023, China increased their share in global processing from 5.99 per cent to 18.20 per cent, and the world ranked from 3rd to 2nd, with the United States ranked 1st.
The difference has narrowed from 16.21 percentage points to 1.04 percentage points; Indian refinery processing weights ranged from 3.01% to 6.33% worldwide, and world rankings ranged from 7th to 4. Crude oil shipping routes are concentrated: with the Middle East and China at its core, the United States expects Asia and the Pacific to take a long average distance.
Pipelines or railways and automobiles can be used to transport oil within or between regions, and we believe that there is a rigid demand for shipping along non-border transport routes across and between regions. By region, the main global crude oil shipping routes are: the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, North America, Asia and the Pacific.
The share of external trade is 30 to 35 per cent; the share of Europe, North America and Asia-Pacific routes is growing rapidly, with crude oil moving about 1.7 to 2.2 times the distance of Asia-Pacific routes from the Middle East to Asia-Pacific routes from the United States, and from Europe, respectively, is expected to grow slowly as the United States exports of crude oil to Asia-Pacific increase.
Seven regions in the Middle East, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, collating the volume of crude oil between regions and summarizing the main transport routes. The Middle East – Asia and the Pacific route: China is the core importer. The Middle East – Asia and the Pacific route, by country of import – achieved 261 million tons of foreign crude oil trade in 2023 and the Middle East – China route in 2016 – 2023 cagr
5.12 per cent above the Asia-Pacific route level of 5.39 percentage points above the Middle East, and 5.06 percentage points above the global level, increasing the share of external trade in crude oil from the Asia-Pacific route of the Middle East from 25.17 per cent in 2016 to North America ' s Europe-Asia-Pacific route of 2023: the United States is the core exporter.
On the North American-European route, the United States export route achieved a volume of 80 million tons of crude oil foreign trade in 2023, capr amounted to 53.51 per cent in 2016-2023, exceeding the North American-European route level by 27.74 percentage points, exceeding the global level of 53.45 percentage points, and accounted for the volume of crude oil foreign trade on the North American-European route.
North America’s Asia-Pacific route, with 77 million tons of crude oil exported by United States export routes in 2023, capr reached 74.05 per cent in 2016-2023, exceeding North America’s Asia-Pacific route level by 46.76 percentage points, exceeding the global level by 73.99 percentage points, and accounted for the volume of crude oil traded by North America’s Asia-Pacific route.
We expect that the United States – Asia-Pacific route – will have a stronger driving influence on global demand for crude oil shipping. Corresponding to crude oil shipping routes: focus on td3c, td25, td22.
Of the bdti components, the Middle East-China route corresponds mainly to td3c, the United States-European route to td25 and the United States-Asia-Pacific route to td22.
The Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe.
North America, Asia and the Pacific, 2023 tons of crude oil and 718 million tons, or 33.76 per cent
The weight of global trade, bdti, represents the route, the starting point of the route.
Rastamura, Saudi Arabia. Houston, United States. Houston, United States.
Rotterdam, the Netherlands, stands for the end of the route, Ningbo, China.
Ningbo, China. Main ship type. Panamax, Panama.
vlcc vlcc load distance
2.1.2 International demand for finished oil shipping: spread of volume structure, with the Middle East leading Asia and the Pacific and North America leading the share of Central and South America
The potential for global refining was 103.50 million barrels per day, an increase of 2.07 per cent over the same period, and 0.97 per cent in 2000-2023, and the potential for oil refining in the Asia-Pacific region was remarkable and sustained: by region, global refining capacity has tended to be concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region since 2000.
In 2023, China was the first country in the world in terms of its capacity for refining, and the Chinese-Indian capacity for refining increased significantly. In 2000-2023, China raised its global share from 7.13% to 17.86%, and the world ranked first in 2023, surpassing the United States; and India’s global share of refining capacity rose from 2.68% to 2.68%.
4.91 per cent of the world ' s rankings ranged from 8th to 4. Figure 26: Asia-Pacific region leads the world in the consumption of finished oils at an increased rate of refining capacity: the demand for finished oil imports in Europe remains rigid. 2023, the global consumption of finished oils.
Up to 100.22 million barrels per day, an increase of 2.60 per cent over the same year, and 1.17 per cent in 2000-2023, cagr. Considering the variation in refining capacity across regions, global imports of the main consumer of finished oils vary. Europe has the largest volume of finished oil imports, with the share of global finished oil imports stabilizing around 16 per cent.
In the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, North America, and Central and South America, where the share of routes has continued to outpace, the rate of increase in Central and Eastern Africa has been remarkable. Given that pipelines or railways, automobiles, can be used between regions or borders, we believe that cross-regional and inter-regional non-border transport routes have a rigid demand for shipping.
The Middle East has the highest share of shipments on routes with rigid shipping needs, Asia and the Pacific, North America and Central and South America, which continue to contribute 11 per cent to around 7 per cent of global external trade in finished oils, respectively; and the Middle East, Africa, has the fastest increase in traffic, with a capr of 13.42 per cent in 2016-2022, exceeding the global level of 11.40 pct.
Seven clusters, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, collating the volume of finished oil shipments between the regions and summarizing the main transport routes. The Middle East – Asia and the Pacific: the pattern of importing countries is fragmented, and imports from China and India are steadily expanding. In the Middle East – Asia and the Pacific – the combined share of manufactured oil imports from China, India, Japan, Singapore is stable.
Set at 55 per cent to 60 per cent, with China and India steadily expanding their imports. Middle East – China route: 26 million tons of external trade in finished oils in 2023, 8.30 per cent in 2016-2023, 6.14 percentage points above the Middle East – Asia-Pacific route, and 6.14 percentage points above the global level of finished oil
Foreign trade levels of 6.93 percentage points, representing the share of external trade in Asia-Pacific oil products from the Middle East from 2016 to 2016 The Middle East-Indian route: 30 million tons of external trade in finished oils in 2023, 7.82 per cent in Cagr in 2016-2023, 5.66 percentage points in Asia-Pacific routes in the Middle East and 5.66 percentage points in global oil products
The volume of foreign trade is 6.46 percentage points, accounting for the share of foreign trade in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific routes, from North America to South and Central America: the United States supports exports. North America accounts for 1.42 per cent of its exports per year, and for 97 per cent of its exports in South and Central America.
Nearer, the share of global external trade in finished oils has stabilized at around 6%. Corresponding oil shipping routes: tc1, tc5, tc18, tc17. From the Baltic Sea finished oil transport index bcti, the Asia-Pacific route in the Middle East corresponds mainly to tc1, tc5, North America
Table 8: Information on the main routes of the bcti pipeline 2.1.3 Current global supply status of tankers: willingness to build ships has increased and capacity has remained limited
The supply capacity of the shipping industry is based on the size of the fleet and the frequency of transport by ships. Of these, the fleet structure and size are the basis for the scope, scale and profitability of the shipowners; the frequency of transport by ships determines the actual capacity of the industry.
At this stage, the willingness of the industry to build ships has recovered, but environmental regulations have limited the speed of ships or have led to tight supply ends, but the willingness of the industry to build ships has recovered since 2022. Given the length of the shipbuilding process from the point of entry to delivery for about two years, changes in the size of the oil supply fleet have generally lagged behind changes at the end of the demand.
The expansion depends largely on whether the expected operational value of the net increase in capacity is higher than the capital inputs required, and the owners tend to sign new orders when the long-term profitability of the new ship is greater, and to dismantle the old ship when the residual value of the old ship is lower.
High transport prices were driven mainly by incremental demand that was difficult to adapt at the supply end in the short term: in 2003-2008, China increased its demand for oil-based trade; in 2014-2016, opc, the United States continued to increase its crude oil production, and in 2022, trade caused by the Russian-Turkish conflict re-engineer global demand for oil-related trade.
At this stage, the willingness of the industry to build a ship is based on the persistence of high shipping prices: in 2003-2008, the industry was more active in signing a new bill; in the short term, the owners tended to use second-hand tankers to respond to demand, pushing the prices of second-hand tankers up.
As a result of the conflict, the persistence of high shipping prices on this ship has led to a resurgence in the willingness of the industry to build ships, and the share of tankers in hand orders has risen from 7.50 per cent in January 2022 to 12.93 per cent in September 2024.
Since 2020, the International Maritime Organization (IMO) imo policy on greenhouse gas emissions has become more frequent, with the release in 2021 of the Technology Energy Efficiency Index for ships, eexi, and carbon emissions from ships.
The intensity indicator (cii) was formally implemented in 2023. Eexi proposed a cap on the level of greenhouse gas emissions from ships, which was gradually tightened over time; cii rated the carbon emission intensity of ships and required continuous improvement in the level of carbon emissions from ships. According to the imo proposal, limiting the power to reduce the speed of ships could directly achieve the emission reduction target for existing ships.
Between 2020 and October 2024, the average speed of crude oil tankers fell by 3 per cent, of which the average speed of Vlcc fell by 7 per cent and the average speed of finished tankers fell by 1 per cent.
The company’s foreign trade oil operations are centred on foreign trade crude oil shipping. The company’s foreign trade oil transport operations are divided into three main components: foreign trade crude oil shipping, foreign trade finished oil shipping, foreign trade oil tanker leasing, in which the foreign trade crude oil shipping makes the largest and continuing contribution to the company’s foreign trade oil transport operations.
Crude oil shipping for foreign trade: 9,387 million yuan, an increase of 19.74 per cent, or 67.03 per cent, in 2023; gross profit of 2,415 million yuan, an increase of 305.35 per cent, or 644 million yuan, an increase of 26.92 per cent, or 25.40 per cent, in the gross profits of the company ' s oil and oil operations for foreign trade.
Foreign trade oil tanker leasing: in 2023, 2,193 million yuan was collected, an increase of 56.18 per cent over the same year, accounting for the company’s gross profit on its foreign trade oil operations, which is linked to the td3c shipping line. As of the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company operated 156 tankers, of which 45 vlcc was the most dominant vessel in the company’s tanker fleet.
The share of crude oil shipping along the East Asia-Pacific route has stabilized at 30 to 35% of the global volume of crude oil foreign trade, with the response line td3c being the main route of vlcc. Considering that the long-range lease mode recognizes revenue when the cargo is completed, the td3c single flight time is about 50 days, we're going to reverse the price of td3c 50 days later and compare the gross profit from the company's foreign trade oil operations.
Third, other operations: cyclical weaknesses, diversification of the business structure, other business aspects, good performance of inland oil and foreign trade lang transport operations, on the basis of which the company plans.
Intra-trade oils: Coa accounts for more than 95% of the goods, supporting overall performance.
In 2023, the company’s foreign trade lang transport: as of the end of the third quarter of 2024, the fleet had been tied to the project and its performance was strong. The company’s foreign trade lang transport operations were mainly transported through the wholly-owned subsidiary lang in Shanghai and the joint venture Clng.
Camp, which in 2023 realized a net profit of $790 million in non-return to the mother, representing 19.11 per cent of the net profit of the company in non-return to the mother.Lpg, a fully-owned subsidiary, was established and invested in Dalian at a total value of $1.261 billion, and the related assets were acquired by sea from Shanghai, and upon completion of this transaction, the company will realize its shareholdings within the Far and Far Shipping Group.
3.1 Intra-trade oil shipments: more than 95 per cent of coa shipments, supporting overall performance Intra-trade crude oil shipping requirements: marine crude oil from the company's main crude oil pipeline, and the domestic transit of imported crude oil.
Demand is based mainly on marine crude oil production and crude oil imports, both of which remained robust as a whole. In 2023, the total was 1.31 per cent.
In 2023, the country achieved 428 million tons of finished oil production, a 17 per cent increase over the same year, and the company ' s in-house oil pipeline, which accounts for more than 95 per cent of the coa, performed well overall. The company ' s in-house oil pipelines are divided into three components: domestic crude oil shipping, inland oil pipelines, and inland oil tanker charters, with domestic and trading crude oil shipping.
Intra-company oil and gas operations account for the largest and continued contribution from gross profits, and the Māori rate remains the highest. Sub-operations: Intra-trade crude oil shipping: 3,405 million yuan in 2023, an increase of 6.53 per cent in the same year, accounting for intra-company trade, 3.2 foreign trade lang transport: the fleets are tied to projects and performance is more certain
In the context of a steady increase in external trade, the global volume of foreign trade in lang reached 5.4870 billion cubic metres in 2023, an increase of 1.75 per cent, and in 2000-2023, the capr was 6.10 per cent. In 2023, the global volume of lang maritime turnover reached 175.6009 billion nautical miles, an increase of 3.71 per cent, and in 2000-2023, the capr.
By the end of the third quarter of 2024, 48 lang ships had been shipped under the company’s flag, with a combined capacity of 8.7 million cubic metres, all of which had been tied to projects and continued to contribute to performance. At the performance level, the net profits of the company’s foreign trade lang transport division were mainly due to investment gains, with Clng’s return on investment contributing to the company’s foreign trade lang transport division’s net profits from 2020-2022.
Based on a stable project binding relationship, the company's external trade lang transport operation achieved net return profit of $680 million in 2023, representing an increase of 10.5 per cent, or 19.91 per cent, of the company's net return profit.
In October 2024, the company announced plans to create a fully-owned subsidiary, the Long and Medium Maritime Energy Supply Chain Company Ltd. (Ipg) and to purchase the following items at a total value of $1,261 million:
87% of Hong Kong ' s shareholdings, 15% of West China 's Ports, "Gin Gui Jun" and "Petan Source" of the Ipg Ship. Acquisition of Shanghai China Shipping Company (Shanghai China) Limited: 100% of China ' s shareholdings, Hong Kongization, taking into account the fact that the company ' s new lpg company has yet to apply for foreign trade operational qualifications and is unable to acquire Dalian investment subordinates.
In order to avoid competition among colleagues, the company will host the Dalian investment and acquire 100 per cent of the shares of the Shanghai Maritime Liquefied Gas Transport Company Ltd. (which holds a LPG vessel and requires foreign trade operations) in order to achieve the objective of bringing chemicals and the lpg shipping operations within the MMTC by acquiring 100 per cent of the share of the Shanghai Liquefied Gas Transport Company (LIG) in Shanghai before the expiry of the three-year hosting period.
After this transaction is completed, the company will integrate the supply chain of energy chemicals logistics within the controlling shareholder, introducing the risk of 14 Impg vessels (including 2 under construction) and 10 chemical vessels (including 3 charters)
The product fleet, which will be transformed from a two-structured structure supported by oil and gas transport operations to a multiplicity of oil, gas, gas and storage, will leave aside the impact of the establishment of the lpg company and its investment in Dalian, and the acquisition of assets in Shanghai by sea, based on a profit projection of the company based on the core assumption that:
(a) Foreign trade oil shipments: constrained by insufficient domestic demand for crude oil, increased company oil operations in the first half of 2024 Intra-trade oil shipments: constrained by insufficient domestic demand for crude oil, in-house oil operations in the first half of 2024.
The benefits are expected to grow steadily, with the company’s foreign trade lang to joint ventures expected to operate in 2024-2026, mainly in the two main sectors of tanker transport and foreign trade lang to transport, taking into account the cyclical nature of the tanker transport plate and the profitability of the foreign trade lang to transport plate, using segment valuations:
1. Tanker transport plate: using a replacement cost method, we measure the value of the plate at 46,368 million yuan. Based on the price of second-hand transactions and dismantling prices of the clarksons fleets of 5 years, 10 years, 15 years of age, presumably the price of transactions within each ship's age area is related to the linear nature of the ship, we measure the second-hand transactions of each type of ship for each ship's age.
We measure the company's oil tankers, based on the company's three-quarterly financial data in 2024. 2. Foreign trade lng transport plate: valued using the pe method and valued at 1,552 billion yuan.The net profit of the company's foreign trade lng transport plate is derived mainly from the return on investment, based on our profit projections.
In 2024-2026, the net profit from the foreign trade eng transport plate was about $9, 1.0, 1.1 billion, respectively. Based on the collection on December 23, 2024, the company pe (ttm) was 18.90 times the value of the foreign trade eng transport plate, given the company ' s leading position in the business, assuming that the plate corresponds to the company p, we measure the value of the company ' s foreign trade eng transport plate.
The current market value of the company compared to the valuation of the segment is low: based on our rating of oil tanker transport plates, foreign trade lang, our investment in the Middle and Far Sea energy: given the company's leadership and elasticity, we believe that the company is currently in the process of being able to make a difference.
The value is undervalued, with the first coverage rated as “enhancement.” Opec+ crude-oil production is above expectations: opec+ crude-oil production has a decisive influence on global crude-oil-ship demand, and if the opec+ crude-oil production decline is above expectations, global demand for crude-oil-shipping is not as high as expected.
The size of the fleet is higher than expected: the release of oil transport price elasticity is based on the slow expansion of the fleet, the elasticity of global freight prices if the fleet expands beyond expectations. Environmental regulation is less than expected: environmental regulation limits the supply capacity of oil transport, if enforced.
Geopolitical risks: international tanker shipping involves multinational trade relations, geopolitical risks or major areas of transport, such as shipping, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, new wealth inflows in 2021 and 2022.
In 2023, she joined the organization, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc. In 2024, she joined the organization, which is responsible for research in the courier, logistics, road, etc. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.