Potassium tile-dried, five-mine main world-class salt lake industrial base, Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) 12/0225
● Potassium dichloride, driven by a strong red potential. China's five mines are built on a world-class salt lake industry base. The company relies on a high-quality Zalkhan Salt Lake resource. It focuses on potassium and lithium, which currently has 5 million tonnes/year of potassium chloride and 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production capacity. It is a national potassium and lithium dragonhead company that plans 4 + 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate.
Under the new company law, the undistributed profits at the end of the period after the company's capital fund was restored amounting to $28,840 million, the advantages of the low-cost model of potassium taps and lithium carbonate, which is now at the bottom of the landscape, waiting to be reversed. As China's five mines become corporate realists, we look forward to building a world-class salt lake industry base together and building the world.
• Potassium fertilizer: a concentrated supply, a steady increase in demand, and a company that is a source, size, technology-based national potassium-rich leader. Global: the potassium-fat industry has an oligopoly, owing to the uneven distribution of potassium resources, the intensity of investment in potassium mines and the creation of new projects.
The long life cycle of production and the pace of production by leading companies are expected to maintain moderate growth in the production of additional potassium fertilizer worldwide; the growth in food production supports the growth in demand for potassium fertilizer worldwide. Domestic: the country’s dependence on imports of potassium chloride is maintained at over 50%, and prices are on the same footing as major import contracts. Salt Lake shares: the company’s location is in Charkhan.
Salt Lake, with a capacity of 5 million tonnes/year of potassium chloride, with the largest capacity in the country, is the only enterprise in the world with five chlorinated potassium processing technologies, with a clear advantage in terms of volume, cost of production, and profitability. Lithium carbonate: Lithium salt lake is currently the least expensive type of lithium mine for lithium withdrawal, with global demand growing mainly from new energy.
Source car and storage capacity, domestic production of lithium carbonate in 2014-2024, and apparent compound increase in consumption at a rate of more than 30%, are currently at historically low prices. Salt Lake shares: companies use old haloline after potassium for raw materials, and use the adsorbent + membrane process for lithium lithium.
The largest salt lake has the capacity to produce lithium halogen and production costs are low in the industry; the company has steadily advanced the construction of the 40,000-ton lithium salt project, with investment in the project, production costs being optimized, and future growth prospects.
Itozar Khan Salt Lake resources, the construction of potassium fertilizer, and lithium carbonate. The limited share of the industry in Qinghai Salt Lake is located in the city of Gergi, Qinghai Province, where the high quality of the resources of Qalqan Salt Lake is based, the company focuses on potassium, lithium industry, and the construction of the country's potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate double taps.
At present, the company has the highest capacity of 5 million tonnes/year of potassium chloride, with a national market of more than 30% potassium fertilizer and a national market of more than 60% potassium fertilizer. For lithium carbonate, the subsidiary Blue Lithium ton/year basic lithium salt integration project is expected to be operational by the end of 2024, while promoting 30,000 people working with Biadi.
The new company law introduced the new company law on 1 July 2024, which provides that the public fund can be used to cover the company’s losses.
In addition, on 15 January 2025, the company announced that the shareholding agreement had been transferred, and that China's salt lake industry had completed the transfer of the shareholding agreement.
For the company ' s shareholders, China ' s five mines have become the real owners of the company. China ' s five mines are central enterprises under the supervision of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. Overseas mineral investment development and management are experienced. We look forward to the joint construction of a world-class salt lake industry base and a world-class salt lake industry group.
1.1. Governance structure: Focusing on the Lithium Potassium Primary Industry Reloading, China's Five Mines Entering Master Real Control, Exploiting Lost Assets such as Magnesium Plates and Chemical Projects in a Timely Manner, Focusing on the Re-launching of the High Quality Potassium Plus Lithium Business, which was established in 1982 by the former Potassium Potassium Fertiliser in Qinghai Province of the former Qinghai Province (established in 1958)
In July 1996, the Qinghai Potassium Fertilizer Plant was restructured into the Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Group Ltd. (hereinafter “the Salt Lake Industries Group”). In 1997, the Salt Lake Group took over the net operating assets of its entire potassium chloride production workshop, and joined the China North Power Enterprise in Beijing and others.
In March 2011, the Salt Lake Potassium Fertilizer Company Ltd. (“Pocket Fertilizer of Salt Lake”) was formed by six sponsors as a means of social mobilization to expand and expand the capacity of potassium chloride in the capital market. In March 2011, it completed the integration of the Salt Lake Industries Group and changed its name to Salt Lake Holdings and took over from the Salt Lake Industries Group.
In 2017, the company designed potassium chloride to produce 5 million tonnes/year and set up a joint subsidiary with companies like Biadi, Salt Lake Biadi, to develop 30,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium carbonate. In 2019, the net profit of the vehicle was negative for three consecutive fiscal years, and the company stock was suspended as of 22 May 2020.
The company focused on potassium and lithium majors, which in January 2023 became integrated into the potassium resources of the Mandarin Salt Bridge and began construction of a project for the integration of 40,000 tons of basic lithium salt in the same year. Figure 1: Itochar Khan Salt Lake, Salt Lake shares focus on high-quality potassium and lithium resources, and create a two-strength-driven business model for “potassium chloride plus lithium carbonate”
On 6 May 2024, the company received a letter from the controlling shareholder, Qinghai Province State Property Investment Management Ltd. (“Qinghai State invested”), in which Qinghai decided to build a world-class salt lake industry base together with China's Five Minerals Group.
On 7 September 2024, the Qinghai State Finance Committee and Qinghai State signed an agreement with China's Five Minerals Group and subsidiary companies to co-organize China's Salt Lake Industry.
On 30 December 2024, the company announced that the Chinese industry would pay cash to buy a total of 681 million shares of the company owned by the company and its co-operator, Xin Zeqing, who accounted for the company’s total share capital.
12.54 per cent, with a transfer price of $19.9007 per share, Qinghai State invested and Xinzawa Xinzing will no longer hold shares in the company. 12.54 per cent of the shares will be held directly by the Chinese Salt Lake Industry as a result of this change of interest, and the shareholders in the company holding the shares will be transferred from Qing Hai Nation to the Chinese Salt Lake Industry: 15.86 per cent of the shares will be controlled directly or indirectly by China's five mines and 15.86 per cent of the shares will be held by the company in real terms.
On January 15, 2025, the company announced the transfer of the shareholding agreement, China Salt Lake Industries became the shareholders in the company, and China's Five Mines became the world's leading metal mining consortium, which is committed to global competitiveness and is expected to be Salt Lake.
China's five mines were established in 1950 as the backbone of metal minerals, a major State-owned enterprise directly managed by the Central Government, and a pilot company of the State Capital Investment Corporation. The company's mineral resources are abundant, with a total of domestic and external mines in Asia, Oceania, South America and Africa.
There are 15 of them overseas. The company ' s world-class operations are stable in the production of mines, such as the Raspanbas copper mine, the Lugar river zinc mine in Australia, the ricin cobalt mine in Papua New Guinea, and the tomato garden. The company operates gold varieties that cover more than 70% of our strategic mineral catalogues, with tungsten, crystal graphite, and sorghum resources globally.
In addition, China's 5-mine Salt Lake has been built in the 1-mile saline lake layout area in the middle of the Zada River basin, and has completed the 10,000-ton carbonate project and 300,000-ton-car potassium chloride project. In recent years, the Salt Lake shares have been set up specifically to “get out of potassium.”
As China’s five mines become real owners of companies, it is expected that they will be able to invest in overseas mineral investment. On the subsidiary side, the company’s potassium fertilizer business is dominated by listed companies, as well as Yuanton potassium fertilizer, Trinity potassium fertilizer, and others.
4 companies responsible for the integrated use of salt cloud potassium salt, salt lake resources; lithium carbonate business is mainly a subsidiary, the LIS industry, with 30,000 tons per year of capacity, while the main listed company is building 40,000 tons per year of capacity, the subsidiary, Salt Lake Biadyphine, figure 2: As of 15 January 2025, the shareholders in the company were changed to the Salt Lake industry in China and the physical control was changed to five.
1.2. Operating: Potassium fertiliser, lithium carbonate gradual growth, the bottom of the landscape awaiting reversal The company ' s operations with potassium chloride and Māori share remain above 55 per cent, and the sales rate of Māori at over 50 per cent.
In the case of lithium carbonate, the overall size of the harvest has been expanding, with the company building a new 20,000 tons/year lithium carbonate device fully operational in 2022, benefiting from the boom in the new energy vehicles, storage, etc., leading to a sustained upward trend in the lithium salt industry, with the company ' s lithium carbonate business receiving 11,460 million yuan, with the share rising to a higher level.
With 37 per cent of the Māori ratio rising to 43 per cent, the business of lithium carbonate is expected to contribute incrementally to the growth of its performance, as companies gradually release new lithium carbonate production capacity.Bacht; and lithium carbonate production of about 30,853 tons and sales of about 28,292 tons, all of which have achieved significant growth.
The asset-liability structure is robust, and the new company law is expected to reboot. After displacing the lost assets in 2019, the corporate asset-liability structure has gradually recovered, the current-to-speed ratio has been growing since 2020, and 2022 million dollars of undistributed profits at the end of the company have not been allocated.
In order to cover the company ' s losses, the company reported a capital pool of 40.760 billion yuan for the 2024 season, with an undistributed profit of 28.840 billion yuan at the end of the period after the replenishment of the capital fund, with a significant potential for dividends.
Undistributed profits of $28,844 million, with a strong red potential 2. Potassium fat: concentrated supply and moderate expansion, steady increase in demand, national production of potassium.
Potassium fertilizer is widely used in both field and cash crops. Potassium is one of the three essential nutrients for crop growth, which promotes enzyme activation and plant photo-cooperative use, increases plant absorption and conversion of carbon dioxide, and promotes the synthesis of sugar, fat and plant fibres. Potassium fertilizer is a resource based on the main nutrients of potassium.
Products, mainly in the agricultural field, are widely applied to field crops and cash crops, both in terms of increasing crop yields and increasing resistance to extreme environments, such as inflammation, disease and cold, which have a clear impact on stable and high yields of crops; and in terms of improving the quality of agricultural products and promoting the maturity of the fruits.
Potassium fertilizers are classified by chemical composition into two major groups, with and without potassium chloride. Potassium chloride, or potassium chloride (kci), is fast-acting potassium fertilizer, which is soluble in water, with potassium content of 50-6  per cent (in potassium oxide k_2o).
May be used as base fats and as fertilization: Potassium chloride free of chlorate usually includes potassium sulfate, potassium nitrate, potassium phosphate, organic potassium and grass ash, with more extensive market applications being potassium sulfate, potassium nitrate and potassium dihydrophosphate.
According to the industrial chain, potassium chloride is a potassium salt mine, which is divided into soluble deposits of potassium salt (e.g. potassium salt, halolite, cretins, etc.) and potassium halogenated water, from high to low levels of potassium salt mine, halolite mine, and halogen potassium mine.
The largest proportion of raw materials is produced, mainly in Canada, Russia, Belarus and the United States, with the highest levels of potassium rock salt minerals, at around 25-30 per cent: halolite mines are mainly distributed in Russia, Laos, etc., followed by potassium salt mines, at around 15-20 per cent; and potassium halowater mines are distributed mainly in China, Israel, etc.
In downstream applications, the natural potassium salt industry is divided downstream mainly in the fertilizer and industrial areas (cleansing agents, glass and ceramics, dyes, chemicals, etc.), and agricultural fertilizers are among the most important applications of potassium fertilizer.
Global potassium salt resources are abundant and unevenly distributed, with low match levels in production and consumption regions. According to the United States, billions of tons are located mainly in Canada, Belarus and Russia, with reserves (k2o) of 11.0, 7.5 and 650 million tons, respectively, with combined stocks of 69 per cent (based on total reserves of 3.6 billion tons).
The annual production of potassium salt in Canada, Russia, China, Belarus (k2o equivalent) was 1300, 650, 600, 3.8 million tons, the world ' s top four, with a total production of 75 per cent.
In 2022, four countries accounted for 24 per cent, 19 per cent, 11 per cent, 7 per cent respectively, and four countries accounted for the highest levels of potassium fertilizer imports in the world as well. Since the Russian-Belarusian conflict in 2022, exports of potassium with Western sanctions have been blocked, and exports of Russian potassium fertilizer declined by 30 per cent to 7.96 million tons in 2022, and Belarusian potassium.
Exports fell by 60 to 4.94 million tons on the same basis, and the effects of the sanctions in Russia and Belarus will continue in the medium and long term, making it difficult for the two countries to return to normal levels of potassium fertilizer production. Overall, the uneven distribution of global potassium resources and the low match between producer and consumer countries have led to high dependence on potassium fertilizer imports in some countries.
Until 2013, the global trade in potassium fertilizer was dominated by bpc and canpotex (North American Potassium Fertilizer Union), which was established in 2005 by the Russian company Ural Potassium Fertilizer (uralkali, 50%) and the Belarusian Potassium Fertilizer Production Company (bellaruskali, 50%).
45%), Belarusian Railways (5% of shares) co-organised to cover the products of two potassium fertilizer producers; Canpotex was established in 1985 and was co-organized by Potashcorp, Canada, the Gianyang Division, Canada, and Mercaic, a joint manufacturer of US and US companies.
With the collapse of the bpc alliance and the continued development of the potassium fertilizer industry in our country, the concentration of the global potassium fertilizer industry has declined slightly, and we are counting 80.84 million tons of former global production of potassium chloride (excluding 1.5 million tons of potassium sulphate per year from the donor country to Xinjiang),
Global potassium fertility is expected to grow mildly. According to our statistics, future potassium fertility growth is mainly from nutrien, eurochem, bhp, A potassium International, Tibetan Mines, Orient Towers, and Gui.
State phosphorization, etc., resulting in an additional 19.23 million tonnes, which, with the exception of potassium International, which has been in production gradually since 2025, is expected to be available on and after 2026. Overall, the increase in potassium fertilizer worldwide is expected due to the uneven distribution of potassium resources, the high level of investment in potassium mines and the long life cycle of new projects, as well as the production tempo of Dragonhead.
Note 2: The Lao flight project is expected to increase some production. Note 3: Excluding flood or unplanned closure of a mine, it has been on average for 10 years in history.
It will lead to a decline in production capacity of about 7 million tons) 2.2. At the end of the demand: a steady increase in food production, improved crop quality and increased demand for potassium fertilizer; the importance of food security, which will support a steady increase in demand for potassium fertilizer.
Global (in-kind) consumption of potassium chloride increased from 55.86 million tons to 69.29 million tons per year, with cagr reaching 2.18 per cent. Public health, geo-conflicting, energy prices and extreme weather events, both domestic and foreign, further highlighted the importance of food security in 2020-2022, and global food price shocks led to a marked return in the growing industry.
Over the long term, the continued expansion of the global population and the limited space for growth in the global arable land, and the reduction in per capita arable land, mean that fertilizer use and changes in the structure of fertilizer application are needed to maximize crop production. The Asian region, as an emerging economy, is growing faster than the major European and American countries, and its demand for potassium fertilizer is growing faster.
Also above the global average; according to argus, the demand for potassium chloride in South-East Asia, East Asia and South Asia totals 30 million tons, with a compound increase of 4.35 per cent in demand for potassium fertilizer in Asia over the past 10 years.
The demand for potassium fertilizer in the Asian region is mainly concentrated in China, South Asia and South-East Asia. It is a traditional agricultural country in the world. It is also a major plant in the world, with rice, wheat, palm oil, and so on. Nutrien expects global demand for potassium chloride to reach 70-74 million tons in 2025.
A total of 80-85 million tons in 2030 was mainly due to an increase in arable land and an increase in application rates in areas such as Brazil to improve crop yields and quality.Figure 15: Global demand for potassium chloride is expected to remain on the rise, driven by increases in cropland and increased crop yields and quality demand
2.3 The concentration of the country's potassium chloride production capacity, the high dependence on imports, the trend in prices and imports, the high dependence on the country's potassium fertilizer imports, and the concentration of potassium chloride production capacity. The country's potassium salt resources are dominated by potassium halogen, with 95 per cent concentrated in the Qinghai Zayda River Basin and Xinjiang Bobpo. The development of the country's potassium resources is currently concentrated in Qinghai.
In the Zayda River Basin and Robpo Salt Lake, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, other provinces have identified low levels of resources and lack of development. Potassium fertilizer is divided into the resource-type potassium fertilizer and processing-type potassium fertilizer, the resource-type potassium fertilizer, the main varieties of potassium fertilizer are potassium chloride, the resource-type potassium sulphate potassium, and potassium magnesium sulphate, of which potassium chloride is the most basic resource-type potassium fertilizer.
Twenty-four enterprises, or more than 100 processing companies; three large enterprises, producing more than 1 million tons in kind, are Salt Lake shares, Tibetan mining, and Xinjiang Bobo. According to the China Inorganic Salt Industry Association, the total production capacity of our resource type potassium fertilizer in 2023 is as follows:
6.79 million tons (k2o equivalent), at the same level as in 2022, and enterprises such as industry, which have maintained their dependence on the import of potassium chloride at more than 50 per cent (since 2017) and continue to import “price-deep” sites under the major potassium fertilizer contract of 2024, which is expected to provide the base for the price of potassium fertilizer.
In response to the contradiction between the supply of and demand for potassium fertilizer, we have developed a development strategy for the supply of potassium fertilizer “one third of national production, one third of imports, one third of offshore production bases” (the “thirty-three” strategy), in which the importers of potassium fertilizer are subject to a large contractual mechanism.
With the efforts of enterprises such as the Potassium Exporting Company to increase the self-sufficiency rate of potassium in the country, together with the positive establishment of the National Strategic Reserve for Potassium Fertilizer in 2014, which gave China a voice in the international market for potassium fertilizer, and the dependence on imports of potassium fertilizer in India, the country's major contracts for the import of potassium fertilizer are generally lower than India's and are at a “price-d” low on world potassium fertilizer.
On 9 July 2024, China's Potassium Fertilizer Import Negotiating Group (China, China, China, China, China, China, China, United States dollar/tonne cfr) was reported to have reduced the price by $34/tonne ton in 2023. The following day, the Indian Potassium Fertilizer Department (ipl) also entered into a new large contract for standard potassium chloride at $279, compared to the Chinese contract price.
As at 10 February, the national spot price for potassium chloride stood at 2,765 yuan per ton, at a historical split of 66.1 per cent since 2007, an increase of 210 yuan per ton, or 8.2 per cent, compared with the beginning of 2025.
Figure 19: In 2024, the prices of national production and import of potassium fertilizer fell on a year-on-year basis
(1) The resources of Salt Lake Tharkhan are abundant: the company is located in Salt Lake Tharkhan, a large potassium magnesium salt deposit consisting of potassium and solid liquid, with a total area of 5.856 square kilometres, of which potassium chloride, magnesium chloride, lithium chloride and sodium chloride are among the top reserves in the country, with the company owning approximately 3,700 square kilometres of mining rights.
In addition to the scaling-up of resources such as potassium, magnesium, lithium and sodium in salt lakes, companies are actively exploring the potential for the development of rare elements such as baboon, bromine, platinum and caesium, providing vast development space for the shift of salt lake shares from traditional potassium to new energy sources such as lithium, and new material strategic industries.
(2) The company ' s potassium fertilizer production process is advanced: the company ' s potassium fertilizer production consists mainly of sifting, enrichment, float selection, crystallization, separation of solid fluids, etc. In potassium fertilizer production, the company currently has anti-float selection-cold crystallized potassium chloride production technology, soaking solution conversion technology for solid potassium mines, thermal solution-vacuum crystallized potassium chloride technology, cooling
The five technical processes for the production of potassium crystal-protocol, cold decomposition-orientated potassium chloride are the only enterprises in the world that possess all the techniques for the processing of potassium chloride in the former world and are able to produce potassium chloride at different grades using different processes depending on the raw materials, in order to ensure the full utilization of the salt lake resources.
Figure 20: Salt Lake shares focus on potassium, lithium industry, while actively promoting the development and integrated use of salinous lake resources such as sodium, magnesium and other salinous lake resources. Table 7: Salt Lake shares have five chlorinated potassium technology processes, the only company in the world that currently has all the techniques for processing potassium chloride. (3) The company has the largest sales of potassium chloride in the country: the company has 5 million tonnes/year of potassium chloride design capacity.
It is the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, with sales patterns ranging from direct supply, joint venture, agency, etc., with significant advantages in terms of production, unit cost, and profitability of products from public sources. By far, the cost has risen to more than $1,000 per ton, mainly due to company applications for mining licence changes and payment of mining rights.
In order to raise the cost of the revenue, the total yield of the company on mining rights is $189,683.28 million, or $12,1939,200 by 30 September of each year. Currently, the company ' s potassium resources are subject to a resource tax based on 8% of the revenue generated by the operations of potassium chloride, with a limited and relatively smooth impact on the subsequent operating costs of potassium chloride.
3. Lithium carbonate: down to a historically low price, corporate resource plus technology plus... with low-cost advantages, global lithium resource distribution is concentrated. According to the United States Geological Survey (usgs), released in January 2024
According to the report, the amount of proven and controlled lithium resources worldwide has reached about 105 million tons of lithium metal equivalent, of which Bolivia, Argentina, the United States, Chile, Australia and China together account for 81.4 per cent of the total amount of detected and controlled lithium resources worldwide; global lithium reserves have reached 27.6 million tons of lithium metal equivalents, mainly in Chile, Chile and Chile.
Australia, Argentina, China, the United States of America together accounted for 83.8 per cent of the total. Common lithium resource patterns include lithium from salt lakes, lithium quails, lithium cloud mothers, and lithium from salt lakes, which currently cost the lowest global lithium mine. Common lithium resource patterns include hard lithium (Lithium from mines) and halogen lithium (Lith from salt lakes).
The hard-rock lithium consists of lithium quails, lithium clouds, lithium marbles, etc., of which salt lakes have a high concentration of lithium ion in halogenated water and a low ratio of magnesium, which is currently the least costly type of lithium mine in the world, but is subject to differences between the natural environment and the way in which lithium is extracted, and salt lakes have a longer construction cycle than mines. According to Fastmarkets, the fourth year of 2023,
Quarterly statistics show that in 2023, the total supply of globally produced lithium resource projects was about 961,000 tonnes of lce, consisting mainly of lithium from salt lakes, lithium quarries, lithium-triggers and lithium cloud mothers, of which 378,000 tonnes were supplied with lithium from salt lakes and 479,000 tonnes were supplied with lithium flints, accounting for 39 per cent and 50 per cent of the global supply, respectively.
This is the conversion of lithium content from lithium compounds to the equivalent of lithium carbonate, usually using lithium equivalent carbonate as a single unit when describing and comparing lithium content in different lithium compounds. The increase in global demand for lithium is mainly due to new energy vehicles and storage energy, and lithium carbonate is used mainly for electricity.
The lithium resources are processed to obtain lithium chemical products such as lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and lithium chloride, with battery-grade lithium carbonate (with a primary composition of 99.5% or more) used mainly for the preparation of lithium lithium phosphate, trinity material, lithium cobalt-acid, lithium manganese and other lithium ion batteries, and technical-grade lithium carbonate (with a primary content of 99.2%)
The market sales of new energy vehicles worldwide have grown rapidly, according to the Usgs data, as the world’s major countries or regions actively promote the development of new energy industries and provide rich policy support and financial subsidies. This trend has contributed significantly to the growth of demand for power cells, lithium.
According to the Institute of Industrial Research, by the end of 2023, the country’s lithium resources consisted mainly of salt lakes, lithium quails and lithium cloud mothers, of which salt lakes accounted for 80 per cent of the lithium stock and were concentrated in the Qinghai and Tibet regions; in addition, lithium quartz was the main source of lithium.
With 13% of the resources, 7% of the lithium cloud resources, and 7% of the lithium lithium quartz, mainly located in Sichuan and Xinjiang and concentrated in Jiangxi Province. According to the data, in 2014 - 2024, the domestic capacity for lithium carbonate increased from 107,000 tons to 1411,000 tons, cagr = 29.4%; the production of lithium carbonate increased from 40 million tons to 664,000 tons.
In terms of imports and exports, domestic exports of lithium carbonate amounted to 0.4 million tons in 2024, imports 235,000 tons, imports/views, consumption amounted to 26 per cent, compared to 2023-0.3 pct. Figure 25: Figure 25: National apparent consumption of lithium carbonate increased by 50 per cent in 2024 on a year-on-year basis
According to the White Paper on the Development of the Positive Materials Industry of Lithium ion Batteries in China (2024) published by the evtank, the global volume of vehicle-powered batteries was 865.2gwhh in 2023, an increase of 26.5% over the same year.
At the market level, in 2023, Chinese lithium ion batteries delivered 887.4gwhh, an increase of 34.3 per cent, and global lithium ion batteries accounted for 73.8 per cent of the total volume, which is expected to continue to rise.
The rapid growth of the source cars has contributed to a more dynamic supply-demand relationship across the entire industrial chain, with a higher price volatility in lithium carbonate.
Business chain stocks are generally high, the market as a whole shows a pattern of oversupply, and the price of lithium carbonate is in a downward cycle. 2021-2022: the country’s demand for new energy vehicles has increased significantly, compared with the supply of lithium, which is once again scarce, causing a mismatch between supply and demand in the lithium carbonate market and pushing the price of lithium carbonate back into the up-to-date cycle, which has since started carbonic acid.
Lithium has a new upward cycle. According to the Hoshikawa Mobil data, the average domestic industrial-grade lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium carbonate were 11.68, 12.36 million yuan/tonne in 2021 and further increased in 2022 to 47.05, and 2023: capital flows into the upstream and additional supply of lithium salt at the beginning of the year as a result of the industrial up-and-down expansion cycle mismatches
Gradually released, end-product sales fell as a result of the downside of the new energy car subsidy and the effects of the consumption mentality, downstream accumulations of new energy car demand increased less than expected, lithium salt supply and demand imbalanced and lithium prices went down the road until the beginning of April.
On 21 July 2023, Guangzhou Futures Exchange ' s lithium carbonate futures were officially marketed, and market pessimistic expectations of subsequent supply increases faster than demand, and the adjustment of the lithium-composition pricing mechanism further opened the door to the lower price of lithium carbonate.
Data on the average domestic industrial-grade lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium carbonate for 2023 at $24.06, 2585 million, 48.9 per cent and 47.5 per cent respectively. (Note: according to smm, prior pricing models such as q-1, since 2023q1, domestic lithium carbonate was overtaken by supply and demand balance, prices fell, and lithium had fallen.)
The price-fixing approach of mine q-1 results in a decline in lithium prices that lags behind the price decline of lithium carbonate, and a significant loss of lithium salt businesses that purchase lithium mines from abroad, with varying degrees of decline in production. Most lithium mining companies have changed their prices to m-month or m-plus1 models since the fourth quarter of 2023.
2024: Since May, lithium carbonate stocks have accumulated and overall prices have declined by a shock. After September, supply has decreased, demand has increased, lithium carbonate has shifted to a de-storage trend, and demand has continued to improve in October-November, adding macroeconomy.
On the whole, the price of lithium carbonate in 2024 showed a downward trend, and according to the data from the Mobil, the average prices of lithium carbonate in the domestic industrial class, lithium carbonate in the battery class, were 8.62 million yuan per year, and the average prices of lithium carbonate in the battery class, as of 10 February 2025, were 7.45 per cent, respectively.
7.7 million yuan per ton, at 40.9 per cent and 33.7 per cent of history since 2019 respectively. 3.2 Salt Lake shares: salt lake lithium abundance, advanced techniques of adsorbing + membrane lithium, building low-cost core advantages
The stock of Salt Lake is based on the stock of lithium resources in Totshar Khan Salt Lake, the ongoing Lithium Salt Lake Project, the holding company, the existing capacity of lithium carbonate production in the Lithium Blue Company, 30,000 tonnes/year, with the company's new 40,000 tonnes of basic lithium salt project being built into production, and the company's leading position in the area of lithium in Salt Lake is further highlighted.
(1) The company has advanced lithium adsorption techniques: for the state of storage and characteristics of lithium halogenated in salt lakes, lithium tiles are divided into almagnesium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithy-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dith of salt-dithium-dithium-dithium-dith-dimium-dimium-dimium-dith-dith-dith-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dimium-dimium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dithium-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dith-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dithium-dith-dith-dith-dith-dithium-dith-dithium-dithium-dith-dithium-dithium-dithium-dith-dithium-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith-dith
Lithium is rich in total resources, has low lithium content, has a high ratio of lithium magnesium, and is associated with boron, potassium, magnesium and sodium in halogenated water. Industrialization and application prospects include sedimentation, adsorption, membrane, solvent extraction, etc.
Following the introduction of Russian adsorption-halogenated lithium techniques in 2010 by the early 10,000 tons/year lithium-carbonate project in the blue-combined lithium industry, the company has successfully developed a set of demonstration devices for industrialization that incorporate lithium-dimension, diaphragm-based enrichment techniques and have broken through the hyperthymagnesium-to-low-thithium-like halocarbons.
Technical difficulties in extracting lithium salt from water, which received a first prize in 2019 from the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation for scientific and technological progress and was recognized as an international leading scientific achievement. The company’s basic process for lithium carbonate is: the adsorption of old halo into the adsorption towers (aluminium system adsorption, the adsorption technology being patented for the company’s core production of lithium carbonate).
Technically, annual losses are controlled at less than 10%), the counterwashed lithium solution is removed from impurities such as calcium and magnesium through the filtration membrane, the excess water from the chlorinated lithium solution is removed through the counterfilm, the chlorinated lithium solution is enriched, re-condensed by evaporation, reacts to sodium carbonate at the end of the sink, receives lithium carbonate, and after dry packaging
(2) The company is rich in old halogen water resources after potassium has been lifted: it produces lithium carbonate products using the old halogen water after potassium. The company produces potassium fertilization, calculated on the basis of production of 5 million tons per year, emits about 200 million cubic metres per year, and its lithium ion concentrations range from 200 to 250 milligrams, i.e., the annual emission of lithium resources from the old halogen is reduced
Lithium chloride, which is 200,000 to 300,000 tons, provides a reliable resource guarantee for the development of the lithium industry. (3) Corporate resources + technologies build low-cost competitive advantages for lithium carbonate cores: lithium resources rich in the salt lake of Totshar Khan and public facilities in the industrial park of the company, compared to the cost of producing lithium carbonate from the company's absorbing lithium technology.
The cost of producing lithium carbonate is mainly raw materials, energy, labour, depreciation, etc., of which the raw material is mainly old halogen after potassium is taken up by the potassium branch, so the company has been selling lithium halogen to the company for life.
The production of 1 ton of lithium carbonate requires approximately 2,000 cubic metres of halogic water, with the company charging 2 yuan/cm3 of old halogic water to the Blue Lithium industry (discussed data for 2023), while charging maintenance fees for the pre-halogenated system, the relevant rates being based on the market price of lithium carbonate, and in conjunction with the relevant cost factors.
From 2020 to 2022, the operating cost of the company ' s lithium carbonate unit was kept below $30,000 per ton. In 2023, the operating cost of the public-owned lithium carbonate unit was raised to $466 million per ton, mainly due to higher costs arising from the company ' s application for a change in mining licence and payment of mining rights.
Cost of the period, net of income tax costs, affects the current net profit to the mother of $1,688 million. In the first half of 2024, the company ' s business cost of lithium carbonate unit was $3.31 million per tonne. At the request of the Tax Administration, the company sold lithium halogen to the Lumco industry.
666 million yuan, with an impact on total current profits of approximately 492 million dollars. Currently, the company ' s lithium resources are taxed on resources at 15 per cent of the sales price of lithium halogen, which is expected to have a limited and relatively smooth impact on the profitability of lithium carbonate operations.
The company ' s initial investment in the new 40,000 tonnes/year basic potassium salt integration project is estimated to be $7,098 million in 2023 by optimizing the process route, increasing the pre-processing process and streamlining the process by optimising the process route, increasing the pre-processing process of the old halo.
In 2024, during the implementation phase of the project, the company made progress in achieving an investment optimization rate of approximately 14.58 per cent through water, electricity, gas, optimization of the main steel structure and the consolidation of resources in the main complex, with a view to centralizing and scalding the purchase of materials and equipment, with an expected further saving of approximately 11.3 per cent.
Based on the supply and demand analysis of the company ' s potassium fertilizer, lithium carbonate operations and the previous analysis of the potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate industries, we have made the following assumptions about the company ' s profitability projections:
At a price of $2,339 per ton (as of 27 January), taking into account the previously analysed supply of and demand for global potassium chloride, we assume that the average non-tax-free prices for potassium fertilizer in 2024-2026 are 2,266, 2,350, and 2,350 per ton, respectively. (ii) Lithium carbonate:
(1) Distribution: The company ' s existing lithium carbonate production capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year, the new 40,000 tonnes base lithium salt project is expected to cost an average of 77.1 million yuan/tons, and since 2025 the overall price of lithium carbonate has shown a downward trend, assuming an average non-taxed cost of lithium carbonate in 2024-2026 of 7.71, 7.20 and 7.2 million yuan, respectively.
(3) Cost: The company has a comparative advantage over its peers in the production costs of lithium carbonate adsorption technology, lithium carbonate units in the first half of 2024, lithium carbonate units in operating costs of $3.31 million per ton, as the scale of production expands and the company continues to improve its technology.
The business costs of lithium carbonate units in 2024-2026 were $3.30, 323 and 317,000 per ton, respectively, mainly in trade, with the company focusing on potassium, lithium and so on, and with regard to relative valuation since 2019, we have selected potassium from the main battalion, potassium fertilizer from the main battalion, lithium carbonate from the Tibetan mine.
As of February 12, the company is relying on its high-quality Zalkhan Salt Lake resources, focusing on potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate, and is continuing to consolidate the advantages of the low-cost model of potassium taps and lithium carbonate in the country. Moreover, as China’s five mines become public, it has become a common market.
The Division actually controls people, and we look forward to the joint construction of a world-class salt lake industry base and a world-class salt lake industry group, which will help the company move to a high-quality level of development. For the first time, coverage gives a “buy-in” rating. Potassium prices fluctuate.
More dynamic, product prices are subject to a number of factors, such as the international environment, economic cycles, supply-demand relationships, and changes in industrial policy, and prices are highly volatile. Companies’ performance is closely related to the price trends for potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate products, with large price fluctuations posing some risk to the company’s performance.
The company’s 40,000-ton lithium salt integration project is in the process of being built, if the project is not as productive as expected, or if it has an impact on the company’s future profitability. New energy needs are not as high as expected.
If the new energy sector is developing poorly, it will drag the demand for lithium carbonate, thus constraining the price of lithium, and thus the company’s performance.
The CMG-controlled subsidiary Xanxi Coal Coal Co. Ltd. holds a 5.03% share in Salt Lake.