Net profit ring growth of 2024q2 after net profit margin increase of 21.11 per cent in Tibetan Mining (000408/ch), the company proposes a new round of stock buyback of recurringnetprofitup21.11 per cent of qoqin2024q2; the companyplanyplanstoconctuctanewroondofsharerepchase
The company published its semi-annual report for 2024. The company became operational in the first half of 2024.
In terms of revenue profits, the company's business income from potassium chloride was $1,122.75 million, down from the same year, and in the first half of 2024, the company achieved 5809 tons of lithium carbonate and completed its year-round production targets.
In the Lao Potassium Salt Mining Project, the potassium salt mining project in Bao County, Vientiane, has estimated a total of 6,285 million tons of derived potassium salt ore, of which 970 million tons of chlorine and more than the amount of potassium chloride at the detection and control levels.
Seventy-nine per cent; field drilling and data-gathering are under way for the Potassium Salt Mine Project in the County of Vientiane Setany. On the Lake of Summoned Tea Cards and Dragonwood Missalt, the Tibetan Qing Foundation is carrying out an orderly process of trading 34 per cent of the shares of Tibet National Energy Mining Development Company Ltd. The company has completed the payment agreement.
At the same time, the company’s projects are proceeding in an orderly manner in the eastern part of the company’s Big Wave Beach, Black North Potassium Salt, Pinestone Potassium Salt, Little Liang Mountain, and Deep Wind Mountain Potassium Salt. The company is planning a new round of stock buy-backs.
It was announced that the company intended to repurchase shares through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange trading system through a centralized competitive exchange, with the current repurchase capital amounting to $150 million (inclusive) and $300 million (inclusive) and the total amount of specific repurchase funds used to repurchase the shares actually at the end of the buyback period.
On the other hand, the repurchase price does not exceed the RMB 35.90/equity, the maximum price is not exceeded by the board of directors and is used entirely to write off and reduce registered capital; the duration of this repurchase is 12 months from the date of consideration of the adoption of the repurchase programme by the general assembly of shareholders of the company.
Sun Xiaohai xiaohansun