The difference is stable, interest income is warmer, net interest income is warmer and slow to recover. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Dismantling of revenue resulted in a gradual recovery of net interest income performance, with net interest income of 23q1-3 rising from negative to negative to 1.9 pct from 23h1. q3 single-quarter net interest income of +5.0 per cent, with credit delivery rates and net interest differentials contributing steadily. The fall was mainly attributable to non-interest income, revenue of 23q1-3 and other non-interest income.
The other non-interest income is mainly due to the valuation of the transactional financial assets The balance of the cash is subject to a periodic adjustment and the q3 one-quarter fair value change gain - $2.6 billion.
In terms of size, the total assets of the bank at the end of 23q3 \triangleright \triangleright \ for public, retail, paper +942, -22, and -400 million, respectively. In the context of the poor demand for retail credit, “five”
The Great New Race has generated strong support for corporate credit, with the balance of corporate loans in the areas of inclusive, creative, energy, automobile, and gardening growing at a much faster rate than at the beginning of the year, clearly exceeding the increase in total loans.
The “Three Business Cards” became brighter and the “Five Races” accelerated their run - 2023/08/31 Review: Growth in scale, robust asset quality - 2023/05/
Volatility is due in part to the company ' s initiative to lower some of the outstanding bills with potential risks to the focus category, i.e. asset quality. 3. Employer Bank (601166.sh) 2022 Annual Report: 4. Employer Bank (601166.sh) 2022 Performance Quick Report
Remark: Roe was equal, asset quality improved - 2023/ Investment proposal: credit expansion is faster, middle collection is still to be repaired
The income growth rate is gradually rising. With the strategic direction of polishing the three business cards and targeting the five new tracks, \triangleright Figure 2: Net interest income as of 23q3 from the Hewlett Bank, with the same rate of increase (cumulative)
Figure 3: Growth (cumulative) of other non-interest-bearing income as at 23q3 by the Employer Bank, Figure 5: Total liabilities as at 23q3 and total deposits as at the same rate, Figure 6: Net interest difference as at 23q3 by the Employer Bank (cumulative, disclosed value)
Figure 7: Undesirable rates as at 23q3 for Employing Banks, Figure 8: Employing Bank Concerns as at 23q3 Figure 9: Employing Bank Provision as at 23q3
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.