Events: China Gold published its annual report for 2020, with a revenue of $23.660 billion in 2020, compared with China Gold Co. (601995)
In October 2020, a share of ipo, \triangleright Wang Dynasty
Business, product-based diversification of products, both within and outside the country and across markets, derivative financial instruments, nominal principal of $894.308 billion, or +221.75 per cent of the year. Thanks to the advantages of companies in cross-border revenue swaps and off-site options operations, shifting fair value of hedges does not affect corporate gains or losses.
Better ironing of market fluctuations, better performance of investment returns. Corporate investment returns of $13,159 million, 25.8%. Corporate balance sheets are powerful and always more leveraged than their counterparts.
The market share of securities underwriting is in the lead, and the leadership of the investors is strong. The company’s major business clients have developed their base and brand advantage in 2020.10.26, and in the context of the introduction of domestic registration, technology giants have gone to the United States to market.
The company is well placed with strong research pricing and excellent marketing capacity. In 2020, it achieved net investment fee revenue of $5,956 million, +40.6 per cent, revenue revenue of 25.17 per cent, well above industry average and other headbills, as a result of investing in roa
This is much higher than the other business, and is an important boost to Roe ' s upgrading. Thirty-two of the ipo projects in the country, with $40,433 million in underwriting, rank fourth in the industry; in bond underwriting, companies actively promote product innovation and public fund-raising reits, amounting to $6,541 million in 2020.
The dollar, equal to +23.6 per cent, ranks fourth in the industry, with financial institutions permanently holding debts, asset-support securities and underwriting ranked first and second in the industry, respectively. With respect to offshore securities underwriting, the company’s share of the ipo item 33 items, financing 22 more, leading to $6,827 million, ranked first in the industry;
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. 7 copies, refinancing 6 copies of the ipo project for $4.304 billion, market share of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, has a strong client base and a re-upgrading of wealth management. The company's traditional brokerage business is institutional.
The company focuses on financial technology inputs, and a joint venture with Tetsu Digital has a financial technology subsidiary that supports digital wealth management. In early 2020, the company acquired the first pilot qualification for fund investment, with “a+” funds investing in production.
At the end of the reporting period, the number of wealth management clients reached 3.69 million, or the same sum, or +27 per cent, of which the number of high net clients was 25.6 million, or +32.1 per cent.
Net-value households have an average asset of $2.624 million, compared to an average of +11 per cent, which is much higher than their counterparts. In terms of product allocation, there has been a 74 per cent increase in product holdings, multi-stocking of substitute products and a higher rate of strategicized returns than the average of the same products, solid product performance, further improvement in customer holdings and sales.
In 2020, the net revenue from corporate capital management was $1,136 million, or +50.7 per cent, and as a result of the company’s long-term focus on proactive management, the new regulations on management were less affected.
Improved product lines for capital management, increased capacity for investment, asset allocation, global asset allocation opportunities, and demand for diversification of capital management clients; enhanced marketing specialization by companies, enhanced social security, annuities, banking and finance, business clients, and deep-deeping internal and external priority retail outlets.
According to the Fund Association, 2020q4 companies have taken the initiative to manage their assets at an average monthly size of $243.260 billion, representing 91% of the leading industries.
With regard to the management of the Fund, the China-China Foundation has maintained its focus on active equity and solid revenue-producing products, constantly enriching the product lines, responding to national calls for rights development public fund-raising reits, strengthening the regionalization layout, breaking opportunities, providing access, providing instrumental products of long-term configuration value, and improving customer stickyness.
At that time, the company promoted sales to third parties, leading to a significant increase in the scale of management. In mid-2020, the gold base was 55.3 billion yuan, an increase of 98 per cent over the same period, of which 54 billion yuan was added to the assets of the Public Fund, and profit projections and investment proposals: in terms of performance in 2020, the growth in corporate performance had fully benefited.
In the context of a development strategy that “enhances investment, makes a big deal,” total assets rise with business size, city size, and roe. Companies have a solid profitability, cross the cattle and bear and remain more stable than their counterparts, and they are expected to increase their profitability and efficiency further in the future, continuing to lead the industry.
Wang Xing Dynasty, Master, Graduated from International Finance Studies at the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom, has served as Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Business, and has been employed in China Xinjiang Portfolio and China Censorship. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, he was responsible for non-monetary financial researchers.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.