On April 23, the first quarter of 2021 was released, and the company realized China's Shunhua (601088) during the reporting period.
The net profit was 11,583 million yuan, an increase of 21.4 per cent in the same year; operating after the influence of the S.H.I.C.C. was eliminated, the coal plate: the price of coal increased twice a quarter and operating income increased significantly.
\triangleright Division coal production of 78 million tons (yoy+4.8 per cent), sales volume of 115 million tons (yoy+17.3 per cent), combined coal sales price of 475 yuan/ton, an increase of 16.1 per cent in the same year, coal sales, prices
The two-litre increase resulted in a 37.1 per cent increase in revenues from coal plate operations ($56,323 million) over the same period.
Coal-price policies, which affect the rise in electricity prices of coal-related coal enterprises, have led to a 5.1 per cent increase in raw materials, fuel and power, as well as a 11.8 per cent increase in repair costs for some open-air mines, in addition to the increase in sales and purchases of coal, which has been combined with an increase in prices.
Coal plate operating costs increased significantly by 42.8% on a year-on-year basis, with a 23.9% rate of Maori on coal plate, down by 3.0 percentage points on a year-on-year basis. Looking ahead, the economy’s ongoing recovery has led to a need to stay downstream for good, high power coal prices are maintained, and coal plate harvest performance is expected to be higher than expected.
Power plate: The rise in coal-fired costs is delaying performance, and the addition of new installed machines is expected to lead to a return to profitability. China’s Siva q1 achieved 3,718 billion kilowatt hours of electricity and 3,488 billion kilowatt hours of electricity sold, an increase of 35.4% and 35.7%, respectively, compared to the same year, using an average of 1,178 hours.
In the same period, business costs were affected by the increase in the cost of coal combustion by 47.0 per cent, resulting in a decline of 3.8 percentage points in the overall Māori rate of the power plate.
The profitability of the power plate is expected to recover with the commissioning of units 5 and 6 of the 3rd Project for Coal and Power Integration and the launch of Unit 2 in Java, China, Indonesia. Transport and coalified industry: A good sale of alloys products, and a very high level of export performance in 2021.
Polyethylene and polypropylene respectively achieved sales of 94.8 and 89.7 kt, an increase of 6.5 per cent and Sinda Securities Inc., 10.9 per cent, while benefiting from higher prices, leading to a much higher-than-expected profitability of the Coal Chemicals Division.
At the end of the supply side, the import restrictions on Australian coal, the restrictions on Australian coal imports, and the possibility of the company making a new profit from the coming of the coal season.
The release of coal energy is still in a relatively tense state, driven by the tightening of the security situation in the \triangleright production area and the overhaul of railway lines; at the end of the demand, industrial demand is fully restored in the second quarter to peak summer coal use
The demand is expected to continue to improve as the season approaches. The low stock of downstream power plants and the stronger coal prices are expected to support it. It is expected that coal supply and demand will continue to balance over the course of the year, with high coal prices, powered coal, and China’s trophies are expected to make new gains.
China's franchise attributes provide high certainty and stability in business performance, as well as integration. Operating the growth of sections can release sufficient upward elasticity and maintain “buy-in” ratings and risk factors: coal mining can release limited, carbon peaks and carbon neutral and policy uncertainties, capital.
\triangleright Expenditure and Cash Divider Risks, Coal Prices have fallen sharply.
Member of the Board of Experts of the Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for over 10 years, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
From 2019 to the present, he is responsible for research on large-scale energy panels. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business Administration, People’s University of China, May 2017, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to study the coal industry.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.