Powerful business performance, impact of equity incentive costs on performance 27/08/2025
The company ' s operational capacity has increased significantly as a result of the volatile prices of raw materials and increased competition patterns, with the company ' s stock and accounts receivable swing days as at 2025h1 being 43.6 days and 85.9 days, respectively, and the tram market having been steadily improving and the storage and capacity market maintaining high growth.
The lithium power industry maintains a high temperature. According to the sne data, the global power cell load of 2025h1 is about 504.4gwh, +37.3% the same year, and in the first half of the year, the company ' s power cell load was ranked ninth in the world, +37.3% the same year, with commercial vehicle growth remaining high and, according to the Sino-American Federation, 2025h1 China ' s new energy.
According to the battery union data, the company's commercial vehicle load is the second highest in the country. For storage capacity, according to the cnesa data, the new Chinese storage capacity of 2025h1 amounted to 42.61gwh, the same year +27.5%.
The storage power cells are the second largest in the world. The dynamic plates show a high-intensity pattern. There is a marked improvement in power operations, with short-term pressure on storage operations.
Add, 2) After completion of the remodeled production line, oee and good rates have improved significantly this year, and have been spread thinly. On storage capacity, the first half of the year was short-term pressure on profitability, with companies indicating a recovery of the q3 storage profit ring ratio through better business terms for large clients and restructuring of products.
In addition, the company owned the small-cylinder battery plant in Malaysia, which is already operational, and the second storage capacity project, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2025 and delivered in q1 in 2026.
On the product side, the company pushes the pace of product renewal. First, the commercial car open-source battery 3.0 and the car full capacity.
Battery 2.0, Power Lines has launched large cylinder batteries, which have shown significant profit performance of more than 70 gwh, both in and out of the country, and profit potential is expected to be sustained - cylinder capacity, which is expected to be embedded in a new generation of global tap car brands. In the field of storage energy, the company is turning to a new model.
In terms of new technology, companies maintain industry lead paces, and the solid-state battery mwh production line is planned in all of them.
Lithium energy in China is 300014 - excluding non-mortality, higher profits, higher reserves, higher and higher profits - 1000014 Lithium energy in China - flat performance.
There is still a upward trend in the electricization of the car market as a result of overseas policy & trade barriers, with a high and steady storage sector, and a high rate of hedge short-term pressure on the stock market - the atmosphere is expected to be maintained. The company is a Lithium Battery pioneer, with an active distribution of domestic and external production and a dynamic stock market.
Rates continue to grow; high-end technology continues to lead and the supply chain system is further improved; and there is a certain degree of profitability in the face of increased competition in the industry. Overall, we believe that companies have high barriers and better growth expectations than the industry, maintain a “buy-in” rating, predicting their return in 2025-2027.
The macroeconomic downturn has resulted in less than anticipated sales of new energy vehicles; a shift in domestic and foreign tram policies; an excess of domestic and foreign power leading to less than expected demand for storage capacity; underinvestment of new production capacity in firms; trade barriers; large fluctuations in raw materials prices affecting profitability; and a high risk of stock price volatility.
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and periodicity, continuing in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation, creating a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle.” Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faiths, and if not, the second-tier markets will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.