On September 2nd, 25th, the billion-latitude Lithium Solid Battery Research Institute was officially unveiled at the Dotting Base.
The entire solid cell of the Dragon Spring II was successfully deactivated. The Chengdu base covers a total area of approximately 11,000 square metres, with a capacity of nearly 500,000 electron cores during the postnatal year. The base was built in two phases, one of which will be completed in December 2025 and will have 60ah battery manufacturing capacity; phase II is scheduled to be 100 mwh in December 2026.
Annual energy delivery. The downline, Dragon Spring II, is a 10ah fully solid cell with a high energy density of 300wh/kg and a volume energy density of 700wh/l, mainly for human robotics, low-altitude vehicles and high-end equipment applications such as ai.
• The trading point has arrived, with a two-fold increase in subsequent profits and a profit elasticity period. The company's 25-year q2 output is 27.3gwh, long. On the profit side, the battery price has reached the bottom, the stock can continue to be fully productive, and the capacity use continues to increase with the bursting of cars, such as pelicans and snugs, and the joint venture material factory is about to be profitable.
q3 operations have improved considerably, with the opening of the large cylinders and the new lithium products in 26 years, the foreign market has made a big deal of different products, the big cylinders and the big titanium orders are full, and the harvest period is 26 years. With regard to the new products, the company's different layouts, the large cylinders and titanium, are designed to produce 300 gwhh in 27 years, and the big cylinders are 26 years old.
The shipment is expected to be 20gwh+, mainly BMW, and the expansion of clients such as towers, Mercedes, etc., with an expected $10 billion in revenue and a projected doubling over 27 years; the shipment of big lithium is expected to be 40gwh over 26 years, resolving the heat-combined stacking problem, full downstream customer orders, accelerated overseas base layout, expected to double in 27 years.
On the solid side, the company production base in Chengdu was officially unveiled, the "Long Spring Two" full solid power cell was successfully delineated, with 60ah battery manufacturing capacity at the end of 25th year, with energy density reaching 400wh/kg, Lithium Million Latitude (300014), reported mid-2025.
100 mwh at the end of 26 years, opening applications in robotics, low-altitude vehicles, ai, etc. Q: q2 power profitability has increased significantly, large cylinders +  profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account higher downstream demand, we maintain 25 years of net return profit.
Queries: o1 has met expectations, and OSI has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board (CMS).