The event of 23 August 2025: $28,170 million in revenues from the 2025h1 company, +30.1 per cent of the year, net return to the mother, $1.61 billion.
The international client start-up rate rose to 17.6 per cent, followed by a continuous upturn in corporate capacity, with prices of 29gwhh, or moderate, rising by 37 per cent, of which q216gwh, with the Māori rate being affected by the rise in the ratio of large clients, declined.
80gwh+ is expected to be delivered throughout the year, with optimism about subsequent profit recovery progress. 3) The consumer battery business is robust, and Malaysia is expected to achieve a positive increase after delivery.
Continuing to build productive capacity, the Malay II storage capacity project will be ready by the end of the year, the Hungarian project has been built, but is expected to be completed in 27 years, and the US technology authorization project continues to move forward, accelerating the movement out of the sea to boost performance. Active deployment of products in the areas of human robots, low-altitudes, etc.
Sample delivery and assembly completed; commercial drone orders in low-altitude areas were successfully cut off, such as a plant security machine; square steel shell batteries in the area of smart wear have been developed and have been approached and delivered to head customers. bbu data centre power supply is in collaboration with traditional data centres, i-server manufacturers.
Investment proposals: The company benefits from the warming of the global 3c consumer electronics market, where the size and skill levels of its storage capacity are already well advanced, power-driven profitability is restored, and competitiveness in overseas markets will increase with productive capacity. We expect that the company itself will commit itself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects its research views.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He has been successful in such selections as the Asian Currency, Institutional Investors, New Wealth, Crystalball, where the Asian Currency selects new energy sectors for 2018-shangchang and Beijing University.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.