· On 30 October, the Episode Bank issued 2024: 2024q1-q3 for opening operations.
Zhang Xiaohui's assets have grown steadily in size, and credit delivery structures have been excellent. By the end of 2024q3, the Episode Bank was strong, making a major contribution to public loans. By the end of 2024q3, the Episcopal Bank loan had increased.
The new track, “Digital boom” and the “Five big articles” were integrated and advanced, accelerating the release of assets in priority areas such as green, science and technology, and inclusiveness. By the end of 2024q3, green loans and loans had increased. Client deposits had reached $543 million, up from the same period last year.
The rate of interest on deposits fell by 23bp on the same year, with a slight drop in net interest differentials. The booming bank ' s income from the 2024q1-q3 battalion grew by 1.81% on the same year, mainly by 2.39% on net interest and 1.84% on net interest, a decline of 10bp on the same year.
Optimizing the deposit structure to reduce the pressure on interest-paying costs, for example, through the replacement of high-cost deposits for maturity, the management of “manual interest-recovery” to reduce the cost of indebtedness and guide the healthy development of deposits. 2024q1-q3, with interest-bearing rates of 2.03 per cent on bank deposits in the booming industry, we believe that the current loan is down 23bp.
In the context of lower interest rates, the emerging banks, from the perspective of their own assets, use the “regional plus industry” as their asset base, accelerate the release of assets in priority areas such as green, technology and inclusiveness, continuously optimize deposit structures at the end of the debt, expand low-cost settlement deposits and promote high-quality liabilities.
At the end of 2024q3, the rate of non-performing bank loans was 1.08%, which remained stable for the six-month period; the interest rate was 1.77%, up from the first half of the year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. shows a slight decrease of 4.24 pct over the same period last year.
At the level of real estate, there is an increase in the amount of US$ 2,701 in the amount of US$2,840 in the amount of US$2,830 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$1,430 in the amount of US$2,430 in the amount of US$$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,820 in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$2,4 million in the amount of US$4 million in US$2,8 million in the amount of US dollars in the amount of US dollars, which has been spent in the amount of US$1,8 million in the amount of US$1,8 million in the amount of US dollars in the US$ million in the amount of US dollars in the amount of US dollars in US dollars in US dollars.
The Bank enhances its risk assessment of stock projects, improves the risk mitigation of some of the real estate projects that are less likely to meet the guaranteed housing conditions in the short term, reduces risk classification levels in a timely manner, accounts for sufficient impairment losses, and promotes faster risk mitigation by operating agencies.
(a) Profit forecasts: the Bank of Employing consolidated “three business cards”, the size of the group of entrepreneurs and the size of the loan, the continued strength of advantages in such areas as bond underwriting, M & A financing, asset-matching, risk factors: risks from business transformation; tightening regulatory policies; downside risks of economic growth;
This covers mainly the banking sector, including the logic of investment by listed banks, the financial sector and finance management, asset liabilities, wind control, the relevant external environment, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.