The company's review report for the third quarter of 2025, the continued improvement in profitability and the rapid growth of innovative business.
A robust growth in operating income and a sustained improvement in profitability. In the first three quarters of 2025, companies achieved gross operating income of $65,758 million, an increase of 1.18 per cent over the same period;
The effects of this round have gradually become apparent since the second half of 2024. The results of product line management, regional sales appraisal profits, and the vertical management of small and medium-sized enterprise smbgs have gradually been reflected in the financial indicators such as the main Māori ratio, net profits, receivables and cash flows.
Quarterly net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $13.697 billion, an increase of 426 per cent over the same period. Innovative operations continued to grow rapidly and the quality of operations continued to improve.
Innovative business such as car electronics, Heicon Wieshaw, etc., have all achieved a higher rate of income growth, and continue to promote the application of a big model for deep-defining product lines.
The company continues to embrace the big one model and concentrates on making the best of the existing product lines.
At the application level, large-scale i-model technology has been promoted on a large scale in terms of cognitive applications, such as smart customer clothing, smart mixers, and smart body applications, both in-house and in-house, for research-Hiconway (002415.sz) 2024.
X-ray industrial inspection of X-rays of X-ray X-rays of X-rays of X-rays and X-rays of X-rays of X-rays, rapid growth of innovative operations in the first quarter of 2025: performance of pre-equipment failure diagnosis, scientific instrumentation, etc.
In terms of commercialization, companies support rich ai products on the one hand, supported by training enablers and al-tools, to get Haikang's al-products on the other hand, and on the other hand, the Itho-Haikang marketing network, to enable even remote district users to quickly access the al-Hakang.
The company offers video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data suits to global users, with overall advantages in terms of technology, products and solutions, with more space for sustained growth in the future.
Continued growth of inter- and corporate operations, maintaining a “buy-in” rating; risks of domestic economic transformation; downside risks of the global economy; geopolitical environmental risks; technological upgrading; risks; internal management risks; financial risks resulting from reduced client capacity to pay; and legal compliance risks;
Exchange rate fluctuations risk; supply chain risk; network security risk; intellectual property risk. Index, Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for protocol transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and Northward benchmark index 50.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts