Quarterly performance rating for 2025: higher net profit compared to year, 19 October 2025
The net profits of the company continue to be optimized. According to the company’s 25-year quarterly report, 2501-03 bills and accounts receivable balance is $35,969 million, qoq-3.46%. The company’s net profits continue to improve.
The top-up of cash flows and receivables shows that the company’s “profit-centred” business strategy is working well and its efficiency and quality are steadily improving.
China’s Beacon plants, which number 85, make up 42% of the world’s total, are among the world’s leading companies, such as the US, Haile, and Union. For their part, Heikang signed a global strategic cooperation agreement with Haile on 10 October to deepen cooperation on green development, supply chain management, and smart manufacturing innovation.
New. We believe that Haekangebg’s focus on vanguard clients has created and promoted a digitalization program that is highly compatible with the idea of a lighthouse factory, where ebg’s operations are expected to form a new growth pole. At the same time, the lighthouse’s push is also driving other business blocks under the flag of Haikang to synergize growth.
The technologies supplied can be used to identify defects at pcb welding, and to detect non-destructive links on folding screen mobile phones, and several mainstream brands have incorporated sea-congregation devices into standard supply chain configurations. As the ai-empowerment deepens, the sea-congregation will create synergies between multi-product lines, and performance is expected to grow across borders.
The company’s overseas operations have become Asia-Pacific, Sea Congrats (002415). Main and innovation industries Pan-European, American, and Middle-East Africa have four major regional patterns, and most regions have maintained double-digit growth.
Synergy, weaving the Smart Associated Econets. Video products such as alarms, led, itt, etc. are being quickly released, and the channel structure is being expanded by marketing-based projects.
The management base is continuously optimized by the organization, the system and regional integration.
Performance rating: the short-term pressure of traditional business, the innovation industry, further upswings into a second curve in the growth of company performance over the medium to long term.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company, as the core manufacturer of global security taps and smart assets, relies on the technological architecture of cloud-side integration and the capacity of the entire stork, building up the moat in multi-dimensional perception, big data, model algorithms, landscape applications, etc.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.