The quality of electronics/other electronics ii 3025 continues to improve, with the net return profit increasing by 20.31% over the previous three quarters of the company.
RMB 65,758 million (yoy+1.18 per cent) of the net profit of the mother $9,319 million (yoy+14.94 per cent), including huhi2@guosen.com.cn, receivables and receivables at the end of the third quarter through organizational change and refined management centred on profit
The total bill fell to $35,969 million, down by $4,664 million from the beginning of the year; the first three quarters of the operating product zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn domestic mastery restructuring has gradually shown that overseas and innovative operations have continued to grow.
The Management and Evaluation Profit Optimization Organization has improved the quality of its main business; of this, the smbg's three-quarter yield has narrowed to a single-digit level over the same three-month period, with both the Māori and the deductible rates increasing at the same rate, one year later.
The goal of dealers ' access to inventories and business model adjustments has been largely achieved. In addition, overseas markets other than those of the United States, Canada, India, etc., have maintained relatively good income growth, with offshore non-economic income accounting for s0980525080004
At the end of the product, the i model has been upgraded to cross-sections, behavior analysis, behavioral search, millimetre wave/x-ray security, for example.
At the end of the application, on the one hand, large models enhance internal operating efficiency and, on the other hand, large model technology-based solutions are being promoted in vertical settings such as industry, such as the Standard Industrial Line Operating Process (SOP) testing, safety and security.
Capital spending is falling and shareholder returns are stable. Companies have consistently invested in the past to meet their development needs, and they expect future capital spending to fall; in addition, companies manage their clients at the end of g and end of b.
Optimized, and accounts receivable continued to improve. As solid profits bring a strong free cash flow, corporate equity returns continued. Over the past year, Haekangway has received a cash share of $1096 million and a write-off buy-back of $2,028 billion, for a total of $12,125 million.
Investment Recommendations: We look forward to the long-term growth dynamic of corporate efficiency gains and the landing of i. Short-term consideration of corporate product structure optimization and cost adjustments, a slight increase in the Māori rate and a downward adjustment in the cost rate, projected to increase the Māori ratio of primary products and services, by the same ratio as in Haiconway (002415.sz)
"Hyconvixt (002415.sz) - Synergy structure of precipitation, followed by large model products " "Hyconvixt (002415.sz)-ebg is resilient, overseas and innovative business is robust "Hyconvixt (002415.sz) - the rise of sensory and cognitive technologies, leading intelligence.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth in the last five years (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Company revenue structure in recent years (in billions) Figure 3: Company net profit and increase in the last five years (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Māori and net interest rates of companies over the last five years (in %, %) Figure 5: Cost of companies over the last five years (%) Figure 6: R&D inputs and percentage of revenues of companies over the last five years (billion yuan, %)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject