Conlon's transformation into a “crmo” service provider with significant core advantages - Conlon's first coverage report (300759) The domestic pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing industry will continue to be protected over the coming period by a variety of factors.
At present, core laboratory chemistry is mature and stable, joining the world's first-tier team, and in the context of synthetics, biosciences and security.
The rapid development of evaluation, cmc, and clinical research services, some of which are in the early stages of development, has led to significant opportunities for marginal improvement in performance as scale effects and business efficiency have increased. Offshore operations have moved offshore and the domestic innovation pharmaceutical industry has emerged, creating a high profile for outsourcing.
In the coming period, increasing difficulties in research and development of innovative medicines, pressure on patent cliffs, sustained global spending on research and development of new medicines and increased industry penetration will together contribute to the steady growth of the industry worldwide, as well as the significant cost advantages of research and development in China compared with the US and Europe.
At the same time, with the increasing level of technological R & D and management experience of domestic cro enterprises, it also attracts a relatively deep 300 index performance, and the continuing shift of the global cro industry, rooted in the new pharmaceutical industry chain, to the domestic region, adding domestic innovation.
The pharmaceutical industry has erupted, so the domestic pharmaceutical outsourcing industry will remain relatively high for some time to come.
Businesses, with laboratory chemistry as the core business base, while actively developing downstream operations to fully leverage synergies between the different business plates. In the short and medium term: laboratory chemistry and biology maintain a faster pace of growth and become the basis for growth in corporate performance as a whole, with Māori coverage in the security assessment.
Looking forward to a step-by-step upgrade; cmc and clinical cro operations are still fast and long-term, with the later stages of scale, and as the project moves to a new stage, the company ' s overall productive and business absorptive capacity will grow and the new business areas will expand, the company will become a full-fledged drug research and development outsourcing provider.
Aaa’a pharmaceutical bio-industry in-depth report on top-of-the-art R & D platform service providers in the industrial chain.1 Conlon has become a “crmo” service provider with significant core advantages
1.1 Operations started with laboratory chemistry, actively expanding the scope of operations 1.1.1 Conlon has been transformed into an outsourced service provider focused on small molecular drug research and development Conlon has been established in 2003 to provide integrated drug clinical services, mainly for global pharmaceutical companies and biopharmaceutical development institutions
Since its inception, companies have focused on small-molecular drug research and development services, with pre-clinical research outsourcing services as the core operating basis, building unique drug research, development, and production of cro+cmo services.
At present, the company ' s operations in the areas of laboratory chemistry, biological sciences, drug safety evaluation, chemical and agent process development and production and clinical research services have resulted in the full development of the capability of a full-stream, integrated drug research and outsourcing service across the two phases of drug discovery and drug development.
Chart 1: The scope of company (cro+cmo) operations from inception to the present date has been dominated by three stages of development: laboratory chemistry, drug discovery, and further expansion of the coverage to clinical research.
The company is expected to develop into an integrated process service provider that fully covers the outsourcing of the drug research and development industry, phase I (2004-2008) which is the initial stage of the company ' s development, where the company ' s main business is concentrated during the drug discovery phase and is dominated by laboratory chemistry.
Research and development experiences have been identified, with professional laboratory chemistry services, companies have begun to establish partnerships with world-renowned multinational pharmaceutical companies, and have taken the lead in small molecular drug research and development services. Phase II (2008-2013): during this period, the company’s main business began to cover all drug discovery services.
Areas: Laboratory chemical and biological science research services, while operations begin to move into drug development production services, including drug safety assessments and cmc sector operations.
Phase III (2013-present): Businesses began to grow rapidly during this period, and the demand for clients of services increased further as the global pharmaceutical research and development environment changed. Corporate business coverage increased further at this stage.
Research phase. Cmc operations are further refined, and pre-clinical and clinical drug metabolic dynamics testing services are enhanced. Through the acquisition of clinical services in Conlon (United States), Conlon (United States) analytical techniques and Conlon (United Kingdom), operations are expanded to clinical trial services.
Chart 2: The company's main development history and business transformation, in which Kang Sung and Yong became the shareholders in the control of the Sino-China M & A fund, and the Kwok-Da and Kwok-Kong-Kong-Kook-King-King-Lin-Kung-Kung-Hung-Hung-Hung were controlled by the Union's capital; in addition, Jing Xiaoqiang held 100 per cent of Ning Borong-Tai-Kang's shares, Jung-bei held 100 per cent of Beijing Do-Thai's shares,
Bolianglou has effective control of the phamaronholdingslicited, the three above-mentioned persons are the physical controllers of the company and Figure 4: The relationship between the company and the physical controllers in terms of property rights and control.
There are five senior company managers, including the CEO (managers), the CEO (Deputy Manager), the Executive Vice-President (Deputy Manager), the Chief Science Officer (Deputy Manager), the Head of Finance and the Secretary of the Board of Directors.1.2 The performance of the R & D back-office has continued to grow rapidly in recent years.
In recent years, thanks to a higher industry climate and the company's advantage in the field of early drug discovery outsourcing, the company has now returned to its mother's net profit of $161 million and to its net profit of $156 million, an increase of 38.5 per cent and 34.4 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Business continues to be the company's most important business portfolio, with 19h1 accounting for 65 per cent of total revenue; cmc services, clinical services are new business areas that the company has developed intensively in recent years, with 19h1 receiving 23.2 per cent and 11.7 per cent, respectively; and Māori: 2019h1 company laboratory operations account for about 76.5 per cent, cmc
2. Cro-Innovated Industries “Power Multipliers” 2.1croft Industry Main Service Scope Cro Originated in the 1980s in the United States, as a product of the social division of the pharmaceutical industry chain, cro based on its own expertise,
Efficient business models significantly reduce the research and development cycle of new drug projects and reduce the risk of research and development activities. The area of coverage and related services now cover the entire process of research and development services and form an integral part of the entire pharmaceutical industry chain.
Preclinical cro: mainly in compound research services and preclinical research services, mainly in new drug discovery, synthesis and process development of compounds and active drug intermediates, safety evaluation research services, pharmacodetics, pharmacology, animal modelling, etc.:
Clinical cro: Services provided primarily for research at the clinical trial stage, covering mainly clinical i-iv technical services, clinical data management and statistical analysis, new drug registration declarations, etc. 2.2 Multiple factors constrain the development of new medicines, resulting from the outsourcing of medical research and development
At present, the cost of research and development of innovative medicines has risen sharply, as the average cost of developing a new drug has risen from $1 billion in the 1990s to $2.6 billion in the first decade of the century. The cost of research and development of new medicines is still expected to continue in the future.
At the same time, the overall success rate of new drug research and development has been declining; for example, from the clinical to the approval stage, the success rates of clinical stage 1 and 11 have been reduced from 12% to 4% and 12%, respectively; the success rates of 111 and approval phase have also declined to varying degrees. The cost of new drug research and development and the success rate of new drug projects have decreased.
Drug companies are changing their research and development strategies and increasing their outsourcing of research and development. On the other hand, as individualized treatment and precision medical models become more and more pervasive in the industry, the probability of new drugs appearing on the market is decreasing.
The average expected sales of research drugs has been declining, from $800 million in 2010 to more than $400 million in 2017. Factors such as rising R & D costs and declining average expected sales have also led to declining R & D returns for pharmaceutical enterprises: the return on R & D investment in 12 large pharmaceutical companies worldwide has declined from 10 per cent in 2010
As a result, in order to cope with the pressures on the development of new medicines, pharmaceutical companies have become more open to cooperative research and development models, and have increasingly relied on working with pharmaceutical outsourcers to take full advantage of external resources. The cro&cdmo industry has been part of the research and development of new pharmaceutical projects, making it possible to take over part of the research and development of new medicines.
On the one hand, the risk of research and development of new medicines can be effectively spread across the entire industry chain. On the other hand, it allows pharmaceutical companies to reduce fixed costs, reduce costs, and, on the other hand, professional R & D outsourcing firms, with their own professional and efficient projects, can effectively reduce the cycle of research and development of new medicines and improve overall R & D efficiency.
In the largest segment, the conduct of clinical trials involves a number of specialized services, such as the design of pilot programmes, the selection of clinical medical institutions, patient recruitment, clinical monitoring and statistical analysis, and the involvement of cro can reduce overall clinical research time by about 30%, and win valuable time for the commercialization of innovative medicines.
2.3 The global market has grown steadily, with a number of factors supporting industry demand The global market capacity has grown rapidly from $32 billion in 13 years to $48 billion in 2018, with a compound growth rate of 8.8 per cent, and a significant increase over the past decade, benefiting from rising global spending on pharmaceutical research and development, as well as from a growing share of outsourcing
About $72 billion. At the same time, the overall penetration rate of the industry of cro rose from 23% in 13 years to 27% in 2018, and is expected to reach 36% by 2022, with cro working closely with the pharmaceutical industry as a fully competitive market in the global cro sector, according to institutions such as Businessinsights, geeahub, etc.
According to relevant public information, as of 2018, there were more than 1,100 cro companies worldwide, of which the largest are concentrated in the European and American regions, with major market participants including iqvia (r&d), Labcorp (cdd), Syneos, Parexel (precision), Charlesriver (Charles River Laboratory), ppd and domestic players.
The long-term start-up of these firms, such as the Cro-Ro-Lead Drug Minds, and the growing concentration of industries through years of accumulated experience, self-empowerment and resource advantages, both by extending the business chain through continuous M & As integration and by gradually expanding the scope of R & D to well-staffed, low-cost and resource-rich emerging market areas.
By the end of 2017, the top 10 cro companies in the world together had a market share of over 50%. Geographical distribution: the Euro-American region contributed the bulk of its market share as a centralized hub for new drug research and development, with a combined share of about 90%. In addition, the emerging Asia-Pacific region, represented by China, has a rapidly growing pharmaceutical consumer market with a large population base.
The market for field and new medicines is gradually gaining a share in the market. Global spending on new medicines and research projects is expected to continue to grow in the coming period: after short-term fluctuations caused by the financial crisis of 08 years, global spending on new medicines has been growing steadily, especially in recent years.
The number of pipelines is expected to grow globally between 2018 and 2024, as progress continues in basic frontier disciplines, with increased R & D investment by major pharmaceutical companies targeting new drugs (adc, pd-1) and new treatment technologies (car-t, etc.): the number of R & D projects has increased from about 1.05 million in 2013 to nearly 15.3 million in 2018 (cut-off).
In addition, sales pressure from the patent cliff and changes in the structure of the R & D subject contributed to the increase in market penetration of the crón: according to the valuepharma survey, the share of the patent drug market was $142 billion in 2012-2017. The patent drug market was eroded and, in response to the pressure of the patent cliff, pharmaceutical companies were more inclined to increase outsourcing to R & D.
The number of small- and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies (no more than two R & D pipelines) has increased from 1,475 to over 2200 from 2013 to 2018, with a stable share of over 50% of the population.
Consistency and resource availability are constraints that tend to favour more flexible and open R & D strategies than large firms, with a relatively higher share of outsourcing. Thus, rising global spending on new drug R & D and rising penetration of the cro sector will together contribute to the steady growth of the industry worldwide for some time to come.
2.4 The domestic market has grown rapidly and continues to benefit from industrial transfers and the outbreak of the innovative pharmaceutical industry.
In the context of rapid developments, the size of the market has grown from 14 billion yuan in 2011 to about 68 billion yuan in 2018, compound growth at a high rate, and the continued development of the evaluation of generic consistency, the country’s crón industry can still maintain a pace of growth of around 20 per cent, which is expected to reach nearly 120 billion by 2021.
2.4.1 Cost comparative advantages are added to large consumer markets, and the cro industry continues to shift to emerging regions. Currently, emerging regions, represented by China, are becoming the focus of large pharmaceutical companies because of their large population base, rich disease profiles and rapidly growing markets for pharmaceutical consumption.
In the longer-term context, China’s regional market performance has been relatively strong and impressive, which has led multinational enterprises to place increasing emphasis on international multi-centre clinical research layouts and product marketing in the Chinese market. Moreover, the emerging regions have significant R & D cost advantages compared to the European and American regions.
The rise has also attracted a continuous shift from the global crón industry, rooted in the new pharmaceutical industry, to emerging regions. 2.4.2 Early capital has continued to focus on the health sector, and pharmaceuticals have remained a hot spot, as the health system and the pharmacology system have improved in recent years, and regulatory attention has been focused on innovative medicines and innovative medical devices.
The growing interest of the health-care sector in high-profile conditions in terms of access to early capital continues to be one of the most important investment directions for the entire market. Even with the impact of the relative “capital winter” of 2018, market financing at the domestic level in the health-care sector is nearly new, with a total financing of more than $10 billion;
More than 700 projects are funded. Specific financing is distributed to the field: the pharmaceutical industry accounts for nearly half of the market on 46% of the financing scale, and it is expected that early investments in health will remain on a relatively large scale in the future in the context of the emergence of new drugs and treatment technologies.
2.4.3 Innovative pharmaceutical research and development in the country has continued to grow at a faster pace, and innovative medicines have been declared to be innovative. Since 2015, the country’s innovative pharmaceutical industry has reached a period of gold development with policy support such as the growing maturity of the innovative pharmaceutical industry, the ongoing reform of the drug-research system and access to health-care catalogues.
Between 2017 and 2022, China’s pharmaceutical companies increased their R & D expenditure by 22.4% at a much higher rate than the global rate of 4.2% over the same period, and by 3.0% in the United States, while domestic pharmaceutical companies replaced scientific institutions such as higher education institutions as subjects of new drug research and development. In the case of the Ind application, a rapid increase has been reported since 2017.
During the period, the number of clinical applications for new medicines produced in the country rose again significantly, to 224 in 2018, a significant increase of 71 per cent over the same period. As the institutional arrangements for the industry, such as the priority review and the negotiation of health insurance catalogues, continue to evolve, more innovative projects are expected to enter the various declaration stages in the future.
3. The transformation of Hong Kong into a core business with a high core capacity and a high potential for marginal expansion 3.1 top technical service teams plus high-end client groups, laying the basis for long-term growth in performance, given the high degree of professionalism of the business associated with the coro, highly qualified professionals are one of the core competitiveness of the coro enterprise.
At the end of 18, the company had more than 5,100 technologists, accounting for the total number of its employees.
With 83% weight, the proportion of highly educated employees in 2018 has reached 36%. Meanwhile, in recent years, companies have been investing more and more in research and development, focusing on research and development projects such as the dna coded compound bank, new synthetic chemical technologies, new drug mechanics and animal modelling.
At the same time, in order to attract and retain highly qualified professional R & D staff, fully mobilize their motivation and creativity, and effectively enhance core team cohesion and enterprise core competitiveness, in July the company announced its 19-year equity incentive programme, which for the first time awarded restricted stock allocations to 242 senior technical managers, together with a total of 242 senior managers.
In our view, this equity incentive programme has created a coherent strategic interest for the technical team and shareholders, and companies, while also providing talent security for the company’s performance growth in the coming years. With its high-quality integrated drug research and development services, companies have accumulated a wide range of high-quality customer resources, which are now corporate services.
At the same time, the company’s client base has been growing steadily, with more than 800 pharmaceutical companies, biotech R & D companies, and research institutes, and many more.
The company's small molecular drug research and development services originated in laboratory chemistry and, after many years of development, the company has developed a global-class small molecular compound design capability and large-scale compound synthesis capability.
In the chemical business, the company built a complete biological science platform, such as biology, drug metabolic dynamics and pharmacology, and developed an integrated laboratory service capacity for early drug development, mainly laboratory chemistry, biological science, drug safety evaluation, etc. In 2018, the total income from laboratory service modules was 1,896 million, a year-on-year increase.
27 per cent, or 65 per cent of the company ' s overall income; the laboratory chemistry, biological sciences, and security assessment components are expected to account for the rapid development of the science and security services, respectively, and the future bioscience and security assessment operations are expected to continue to grow as a proportion of the company ' s overall revenue.
At the same time, the business development layout of the company naturally extends from the early detection phase of the drug to the later development stage, in line with the general patterns of drug research, and facilitates the flow of customer resources and further exploration of subsequent cooperation. At present, synergies between the different business plates of the company are gradually emerging: laboratory services, especially based on laboratory chemistry, are directed at downstream organisms.
Science and co-generation of cmc operations are evident. 3.2.1 Drug discovery — the overall strength, the size of the business in the world's first echelons.
It is limited to clinical research or pre-clinical research, and the chain of services is expanding. But there are different paths of development: the major coro companies abroad are more focused on drug development, most of them do not currently have large-scale laboratory chemical services, and domestic firms start with laboratory chemistry.
At present, there is a large laboratory chemical service capability, with a natural extension of the business development model from the drug discovery phase to the drug distribution phase, where the drug Myung Conde has formed an integrated, industry-wide chain-covering integrated service platform.In the global market for medical research and development outsourcing, the market share is more concentrated in the area of post-drug development and outsourcing of production.
Drugs are found to have a relatively small share of the market. At present, 60% of the company's total revenues are found in drugs. With a strong competitive advantage in the field of drug discovery outsourcing, the company as a whole ranks behind the world's major outsourcing firms, after Medpace, and is expected to follow with the company's continuous flow of core business and downstream industry.
With the gradual growth of business (cmc, clinical) and corporate income size and business ranking going up the new ladder, market concentration is now more fragmented in the global drug discovery and outsourcing area, with the five largest enterprises accounting for nearly 17% of the market share up to 2016, with Charles River (including drug discovery and security assessments) taking the market share.
At the highest level, domestic firms took their second and third global share of the drug Ming Conde and Kang Long, respectively, and are expected to further increase their market share of future industrial concentration and domestic drug discovery niches. Figure 40: Revenues from major outsourcing companies over 18 years (outsourcing, US$ billion)
Figure 41: Market share of major players in the global drug discovery market, in the area of laboratory synthesis operations, as a domestic pre-clinical R & D venture, where drug Mind and Conlon have a strong combined competitive advantage, both in terms of overall income size and business growth.
With the overall scale effect and the increased efficiency of business management, the Māori ratio has risen steadily on both sides. With the stable platform and the balanced development of the business lines, the synthetic business as a share of corporate income has remained relatively stable in recent years.
The rapid expansion of the development phase in the field of material development, the higher growth of operations at the end of the development, the increase in the contribution of the synthesis business, 3.2.2 biosciences, and the increase in the profitability of the security assessment business, biosciences as an important part of drug discovery, Conlonization became the in vitro biology of the client providing the compound.
Research, in vitro screening of compounds, pharmacological research, target identification, and drug metabolic dynamics research are among the services. In recent years, corporate life science has been growing faster, as a result of the synthesizing of front-end laboratories.
The rate of growth has been higher than 50 per cent, while the rate of business growth has been higher than the rate of revenue from corporate and laboratory chemical operations during the same period; from a higher level of Maori, the Māori share of biosciences has also increased from 11 per cent of the company ' s overall Māori share in 15 years to will continue to grow at a faster rate, and it is expected that the overall corporate performance ratio will continue to rise gradually.
Figure 44: Size of company bioscience business (billions) and speed of increase
Condé is small, but growing at a higher rate, and the Māori rate of business is gradually being levelled. As a result of faster performance growth, Conlon's bioscience business accounts for a higher share of overall income than medicine, and is more flexible than the upward trend, and will contribute to the overall performance of the company in the future.
Safety evaluation operations: the company ' s security assessment operations are currently conducted by the subsidiary Conron Changping, which provides pre-clinical safety evaluation studies that meet glp standards for clinical applications for new medicines, including toxicology, safe pharmacology, two successful glp on-site examinations in fda, year and 2013, and obtained from the National Drug Control Service in December 2015
The glp certificate, issued for all drug safety evaluation services, is qualified to perform a national clinical declaration of safety evaluation for clients. With the rapid growth of the country’s innovative pharmaceutical industry, the company’s domestic security assessment business is expected to be fast-tracked.
At the same time, the company has not yet reached the maturity stage of business development and has not yet made a profit.
Figure 49: Corporate performance as a share of total revenue - 3.3 cmc - high capacity utilization and greater room for growth in the Māori rate are expected to release more profits in the wake of the expansion of operations and improvements in management efficiency
At present, the company ' s cmc services include pharmaceutical intermediates, raw materials and agent-type development and production operations for chemicals, and currently mainly provide pre-clinical and early clinical drug process development and production services for clients. From 2015 to 2018, it is 100 million. Since the cmc operations as a whole are still in the business import phase, there is a certain degree of volatility in performance over a certain period of time.
Corporate cmc accounts for 23.2 per cent of corporate revenue and Māori accounts for 15 per cent. Cross-cutting comparisons with industry leaders such as Pioneer Condex, Kellyyn and others form a complete Cdmo business chain service platform covering the clinical phases and
Commercialization phase cdmo operations, with relatively mature business development and significant scale effects; while Conlon projects are currently derived mainly from the follow-up extension of drug discovery phase projects, mainly prior to clinical phase II, with fewer three projects, small bulk, non-continuous scale production orders, and there are currently no commercial phase projects with full scale effects
There is currently a gap between the total volume of business and output per capita, which is not apparent. Figure 54: Size of cdmo/cmc collected by three companies in 15-18 (millions) Figure 55: Cdmo/cc produced by three companies in 15-18 (millions)
The level of Māori is low due to the different stages of development and scope of operations of the three enterprises, Conlong ' s overall Cmc operation is currently active in the layout of the Cmc operation, and it is high because of the large-scale increase in prior fixed assets and the higher cost of staffing, as well as the vulnerability of the early profitability of the project development to a single project.
The company’s cmc capacity will expand further as the new Tianjin 2 production plant is gradually released and the project is phased out. We think that since cmc accounts for a larger share of corporate income, the company’s cmc business will become Māori as the business platform matures.
3.4 Clinical research services - co-location of domestic and foreign operations and further development of drug research and development operations. In 2016, the company completed the acquisition of Conlon (United Kingdom) and formally moved into clinical research services, the latter mainly providing reference.
In addition, the company completed the acquisition of Conlon's analytical technology and Conlon's clinical services in 2017, thus improving the company's generation of radiopharmaceuticals abroad.
Meanwhile, in the first half of the year, the company completed the acquisition of Nanjing Si-Swig, a strategic entry to the United Nations in Beijing, and further refined the construction of the global clinical development service platform. Through a series of acquisitions, the company initially developed a complete clinical drug research and development service layout.
The combination of two major operations, clinical trials and radiochemistry studies, has strengthened the company’s ability to introduce downstream, “cro+cdmo” integrated research and development services from upstream operations. Corporate overall clinical research has grown faster in recent years, with corporate clinical research services receiving revenues in the first half of 2019.
190 million Māori, with an increase of 23.7 per cent and 10.3 per cent, respectively, respectively; the U.S., British and Mainland Clinical Studies (US, English and Mainland) serve as a platform for integration, where there are significant synergies in the layout of the three operations, while domestic client demand has grown significantly. As clinical research has grown rapidly, clinical research operations have been consolidated at the company level.
In the short term, Conlon’s clinical coro business, due to its late start, is still more complex than other clinical coro-heads in the country.
At the same time, the high cost factors in the early years of business growth have led to a relatively low interest rate for the Conlon Clinical Crow operation, but given that the business is an important ring layout in the field of drug research and development at the back of the company, the company has a stronger front-end business flow model and the core of the already developed radiopharmacological metabolics.
Speciality research platform, where the company’s clinical coro business is expected to take on more overseas client orders in the future, while actively developing the domestic market for innovative medicines, where the contribution of clinical coro to the company’s performance will continue to increase.
Figure 62: The Māori Ratio of the Clinical Cro Operations of the Three Crops
In the short and medium term: laboratory chemistry and bioscience operations remain at a relatively rapid pace and form the basis for overall growth in the performance of the Division, and Māori coverage is expected to increase gradually; cmc and clinical cro operations remain fast and long-term, with future scale effects, Māori rates are expected to increase gradually and future performance contributions will be proportional.
At the same time, with the expansion of new business areas, companies will become the top-class R & D covering the entire industry chain of outsourcing of drug research and development Key assumptions: in laboratory services, 1. Core basic business - laboratory chemistry continues to be competitively competitive, relatively stable: 3. influenced by forward-end operations and increased demand for in-country innovation drug control
With the impact of improved management efficiency, Māori coverage has been increasing steadily. 40 per cent of Māori coverage will be increased, along with productivity utilization in subsequent operations, with a significant increase in Māori contribution.