\triangleright Aluminium shares (000807.sz)
In the first half of Yunnan, the company q2 reduced production capacity by about RMB 422,000 per ton, a 13.6 per cent decline in the same year; the average cost of q2 electrolytic aluminium was RMB 18520 per ton, a 10.1 per cent decline in the same year and a 0.3 per cent increase in the ring ratio. 3) The cost of precipitous auroral q2 was RMB 5485 per year.
The ring ratio decreased by 1.7 per cent, or 9.1 per cent in the same year; the q2 Yunnan base electricity price was RMB 0.255/kwh, RMB-0.02/kwh, with the cost of electrolytic aluminium raw materials falling significantly, regardless of the cost of de-hulling, measured at approximately RMB 13,640/tonne (excluding taxes), and the average theoretical cost of H1 was RMB 14032/t (excluding taxes)
Based on company cost estimates, company h1 electrolytic aluminium production costs are close to $15,000 per ton (excluding taxes) and slightly higher than expected. The balance sheet continues to be optimized, and the return of electrolytic aluminium is expected to result in a performance release: 1) changed with profitability.
Good things and capital expansion have ended, and corporate balance sheets and profit statements have been optimized.
Demand is low in the season, and continues to look at the upward trend in aluminium prices: short-term re-product growth in Yunnan releases or disruptions in supply, but current demand is stimulated by good domestic policies, low season performance, and aluminum sticks and aluminum ingots continue to be de-storage. On the profit side, the average net profit in the industry is currently maintained.
The $1,800-1900 per ton is high in historical profit areas. We expect that, along with the season of demand, Yunnan will continue to support the upward trend in aluminum prices, and the profitability of the industry is expected to continue to grow.
\triangleright Risk factor: The demand for electrolytic aluminium is not as high as expected, and Yunnan's capacity for electrolytic aluminium production is limited.
In 2023, he was awarded the second place in the 20th edition of New Wealth Metals and New Materials.
Member, 19th New Wealth Metals and New Materials Third (Core Member), 16th Crystal Ball Award Second in Non-ferrous Metals, 10th Wind Chen Guanghui, Master of Metallurgical Engineering, University of China and South China, August 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for energy metals such as battery metals, and Yunrin, Master of Financial Sciences, George Washington University, March 2020, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for aluminium lead zinc and precious metals.
White Purple, a Master of Regional Economics from Gilling University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021, where components such as light metals and lithium cobalt, among others, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical observations or views in this report. Sindha Securities Holdings (hereinafter “Sindak Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.