Aluminium shares (000807.sz) are reported in the semi-annual bulletin of 2023: operating income in the first half of 2023.
Yunnan's production limits have been declining, aluminium prices have been falling, Yunnan's production has affected the ability of the company to produce aluminium products, and water has increased in Yunnan province in recent times, and the company is now back in production.
Volume: 2023H1 electrolytic aluminium production of 974,000 tons, corresponding to 24.09 per cent in Yunnan, which constitutes the main cause of the decline in production; aluminium oxide production of 733.2 million tons, corresponding to +459 per cent in the same year; carbon production of 37.97 million tons, corresponding to 6.98 per cent in the same year; aluminium alloys and alloys
Price: 2023q2 Yangtze a00 aluminium at an average cost of $18.521 per ton, compared with Smm. Yunnan's operational capacity was restored to around 4.88 million tons at the end of July, expected to rise to 5.5 million tons by the end of August.
Aluminium 2023h2 product sales are expected to improve.  ton of aluminium power consumption, transfer target assistive in live life capacity 2023h1 Reduction of a ton of aluminum combined exchange power consumption above 260kwhh sustained
Reduction of electricity costs. 2023h1 has completed a project for the photovoltaic distribution of alumina, construction of which will accelerate the construction of six plant areas, namely, alumina, aluminum and aluminum seagulls, with a cumulative photovoltage capacity of 215mw, which will provide further security for green power supply channels.
The rate of free carbon quota will be reduced from 2025 to 2034 after the European Union ' s carbon tariff policy has been phased out, with green aluminium dominance, transfer of output indicators, power drive group capacity.
Where the target has been met, the company intends to transfer the 100,000-ton electrolytic aluminium production target at a price of 602 million yuan to the Qinghai Division of the Chinese aluminium industry, which holds shareholders, to cash in idle assets and achieve value added.
h1 significant efficiency gains, continuous optimization of four-cost controls  enhanced cost management, H1-four significantly lower on a year-on-year basis. 2023-h1 sales end by investing the assets of the slab operations in the upper end of central aluminium, sales and R & D costs
Reductions in use. Management costs were the same as in 25.38 per cent, mainly due to reduced repair costs, etc. Financial costs were the same as in 54.7 per cent, mainly due to good controls over the repayment of interest rates on loans due and borrowing, resulting in significant efficiency gains.
Given that the company's electrolytic aluminium production is back in production, the sales of aluminium products in the second half of the year are expected to rebound, and the recent increase in aluminium prices is considered, there is still room for release in the second half of the year. We cover the company for the first time, giving a "buy-in" investment rating.
1) Risk of production limits for electrolytic aluminium; 2) Risk of price decline for electrolytic aluminium; 3) Risk of significant cost escalation; 4) Lower demand than expected; 5) No pace of resumption of production as expected
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Duffy: a member of the Central Carbon Research Group, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, responsible for research on colour and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.