The “145” core assets, the road to rehabilitation, the Shanghai airport (6000.09.sh)/transport report published in the third quarter of 2020, were affected by the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, and the company's business volume was significantly reduced on a par.
In the first three quarters, the company realized a revenue of $3.438 billion, a 58.11 per cent decline in the same year. In the third quarter, the company received a provisional estimate of $750 million in operating income from the tax-free business transfer contract for the Shanghai East International Airport project as of the second quarter, while in the third quarter an estimated $80 million was released from the first three quarters.
Revenue from tax operations is more affected by the epidemic. Operating costs for the first three quarters of the year increased by $4.88 billion, or 31.58%, and are still due to higher amortization costs for companies operating under the operational satellite office, as well as large expenditures on the prevention and control of new coronary pneumonia.
The company ' s participation in the Shanghai equity investment fund component of the Shanghai Trade Zone was higher than prepaid rental costs, with 95.7 million traffic and 932,000 tons of mail-to-mail traffic during the current period, representing 74.1 per cent, 50.6 per cent and 100.7 per cent of aircraft departures and decreases of approximately 230,000 sorties in the period January-September, a 39.6 per cent decrease compared with the previous year; and passenger toll.
Two hundred and sixty-six thousand, 61.7 per cent less than the previous year; 26,415 million tons of mail and mail traffic, almost at the same level. With the return of proper internal control of the epidemic, the number of air travels and passenger tolls continues to grow, and the number of rings continues to grow, starting in August.
In August, landings and passenger throughput fell again, and regional flights and passenger throughput continued to rise slowly. With the recovery of the 11-year Golden Week, domestic flights are expected to continue to warm in October and the fourth quarter.
In the first place, international shipping routes and tax-free operations are expected to be affected by the new crown epidemic at least until next spring and summer, and corporate business pressures continue to increase, with the net profits of operating revenues and tax-free operations, which are expected to contribute significantly, still having a significant impact, depending on the progress of the epidemic.
In the long run, however, we have moved from the 13th to the 14th, and the next five years will be the golden period for a high-quality airline company, with air terminal plates being a few core assets that are still low.
In view of the fact that the internal epidemic is largely under control and the current prevalence of the epidemic outside the country, it is expected that overseas travel will begin with a weak recovery from 2021, maintaining the mid-point assessment of the revenue and profit margin for 2020.
Gammasecurities where a share market is based on 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board market is marked by three indexes (for the subject matter of the transfer of the agreement) or three market indexes (for the purpose of the agreement)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley Index for China, and the United States stock market on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite index, unless otherwise indicated.