Spring and fall aviation (601021.sh) Aviation airfields have been overstretched for four quarters and cost controls have been excellent
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB) loss is significant, mainly due to the rapid rise in oil prices and exchange rate depreciation.
By far, Brent’s average oil price had risen by 14.4 per cent on the same date, the renminbi had depreciated by 3.9 per cent against the dollar’s median price, and exchange losses had increased, causing firm cost-side pressures and delaying performance throughout the year. Hundreds of millions of kilometres, an increase of 11.7 per cent compared to the previous year; and the guest rate, while declining by 1.15 percentage points over the previous year, remained the same.
1. " Movement recovery expansion, which benefited less from better exchange rates on a year-on-year basis -- 91.69 per cent, well above the industry average. Air passenger revenue of $7.89 billion, representing 98.9 per cent of the main battalion ' s business income, compared with the 4.1 per cent increase in the region, shows a marked difference in income growth.
“Airplanes’ introduction of delayed revenue, substantial back-to-back revenues, and recent international line fares have been reduced by the same amount as in the past, to the benefit of the main passenger carrier. “two” highs and “two lows” operating model, with excellent cost control.
4. Recovery of Power Growth, Growth of Powerful Aviation in Spring-Spring and Fall Model, Maximizing the availability of seats for aircraft and Reducing the Routine Purchase and Maintenance of Aircraft, Corporate In-depth Study, 2016.8.16
Cost; insistence on high occupancy rates and high daily utilization of aircraft allows companies to have a higher turnover rate, with the largest share of unit fixed costs; active promotion of e-commerce-based distribution channels and strengthening of management.
Cost control effectively reduces the cost of company sales and management costs. In 2016, the cost of corporate unit sales was 0.0005 km/seat, the cost of unit administration was 0.000070 km/seat.
In addition, the company's first equity incentive program was unlocked with a single machine profit of not less than $20 million, Paul Su Bo-hung, Wong Fan-Yan.
Impacts such as macroeconomic downturns, higher oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, disease outbreaks and severe weather events. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.