On October 21st, 2024, the company led by an autonomous vehicle, won the second half of the game.
The company was founded in 1862 and has now been over 160 years old. The company has undergone many changes and developments.
In 2023, the company sold 20.9778 million vehicles, an increase of 11.91% in comparison, and took the second place as a self-employed vehicle. On the side of the product line layout, the company has merged the Ausang, uni, and cs series into “Long Gravity”.
In terms of the layout of new energy products, the company is autonomous in the market value in circulation (millions):
In addition, in August 2023, the company launched an open-source brand, which constitutes a three-fold new energy brand matrix. In terms of channel layout, up to 2023
At the end of the day, according to Geoq, the total number of shops operated by the company was 4601, second in the number of auto-manufacturing autonomous brands, after 5031 in Biadey. The company had already made its first transition around electro-intellectualization.
Since the launch of the Shangri-La programme in 2017, companies have been increasingly investing in R & D. Between 2018 and 2023, their R & D investment has increased significantly, from 3.82 billion to 3.82 billion.
Blue whale power, pa1 platform, chn platform super-accumulation power 2.0, smart increase 2.0, gold bells 2.0, Djiai electric power 2.0 platform, etc. In terms of smart technology, companies have developed technologies such as sda smart technology architecture and Juge intelligence.
Automobiles, along with avita technology, choose ways to work with China as a reference depth, and work with China to be intelligent in the second half of the game. Currently, including Deep Blues07, the All-Avita model has the Huawaeiinside model of working with China as a reference depth.
Lacksquare Chen Xiaoyu double. Considering the company's volume in the market, channeling, seaboarding, digital intelligence technology accumulation
Both are industry leaders, looking at the medium- and long-term growth space of companies, rating for the first time, giving “buy-in” to chenyeyao@gyzq.com.cn new energy cars at a slower rate, leading to increased industry competition, less than expected penetration of new energy sources abroad.
Overseas trade barriers increase risks, corporate intelligence does not develop as much as expected.
It's been more than 160 years since Li Hongzhang founded the Marine Artillery Bureau in 1862, and has undergone many changes and developments. It has now become an integrated motor enterprise group covering a wide range of areas such as auto manufacturing, research and development, marketing, etc. The company's development has demonstrated that China's auto industry has grown from small to large.
The shift in weakness was divided into the following four phases: 1) from a military factory to a car construction (1862-1983): the company was formerly the Shanghai Marine Artillery Authority, founded by Li Hung Xiang in 1862, and moved to Suzhou in 1863. In 1865, the factory moved to Nanjing and was renamed the Golden Mall Manufacturing Authority, the main birther.
In 1937, in order to avoid the damage caused by the war, the gold masonry moved west to Chongqing and became the twenty-first army factory of the Military Engineering Agency. In 1958, the Chang'an Automobile Factory pushed out China’s first jeep, the Yangtze 46, and achieved a breakthrough in China’s autonomous Land Cruiser development and production of zero.
2) First business start-up: joint venture to start a new long-term career (1984-2005): in 1984, company-made micro-cars were officially offline, marking the birth of the first micro-cars in China. In the same year, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Suzuki to develop micro-cars and engines, and entered the micro-car market officially.
Soon after, the company officially entered the minibus market through the Autumn brand launched by the joint venture. In 2001, with China joining wto, the Jang Car Group and Ford Motors Group formed the Long Anfort Motors Company, and through a joint venture with Ford and Madhe.
Cooperation among international automobile manufacturers in the field of manufacturing and management, with the continuous introduction of advanced manufacturing techniques and management experience, upgrading of autonomous branding and industrial upgrading. 3) Second entrepreneurship: strengthening autonomous R & D and sustained expansion of the passenger vehicle market (2006-2016): with China
Reforming openness and the rapid growth of the economy, and growing domestic demand for cars. This market trend led the company to announce its own branded car development strategy in July 2006.
Nearly 50,000 vehicles, laying a solid foundation for the company’s growth in the car market. The company then pursued the win, followed by the company’s launching of a number of cars, such as saloons and glitters, to further improve the product line of the car. Since 2009, with the country’s suv market booming, the company has been developing its suv model.
cs35 and cs75 suv. The launch of these two models not only enriched the company’s product matrix, but also helped the company to become a national champion of autonomous brand sales for the second year in a row, consolidating its leadership role in the autonomous company. (4) Third entrepreneurship: seizing the opportunities of the times, transforming to modern technology services (2017-present): 2017.
With the domestic car market saturated, competition in the car market increased, corporate total sales fell for the first time, while corporate pressure was exerted by the slow pace of brand renewal and the decline in joint-venture brand sales. In this context, the company launched the Shangri-La and the Bei Doo-Congregation in 2017 and 2018 respectively, officially launching new energy sources.
In 2021 and 2022, Aveta and Deep Blues launched two new medium- and high-end energy products, marking the official opening of the brand-up road. During the Shanghai Car Fair in 2023, the company officially launched the Heiner Bichuan Overseas Strategic Plan, pressing the "fast-key" to the sea.
Figure 1: The company’s early foundation was laid through its cooperation with overseas joint ventures, and it has now been able to re-energize the joint ventures. The company quickly upgraded its skills in the early years by working with world-renowned car manufacturers, such as Ford and Majuta.
In recent years, based on a deep accumulation of new sources of energy and intelligence, companies have gradually led the design and development of some of the new motor vehicles in Madhuda and Ford, enabling them to do the opposite. At the initial stage, China’s auto industry and the international community have a significant gap in the manufacturing of automobile technology.
In 1984, the Department formally signed a car-and-engine cooperation agreement with Suzuki Motors, Japan, which marked the starting point for cooperation with overseas car manufacturers. Then, in June 1993, the company established a joint venture with Suzuki.
Between 2001 and 2012, the company established joint ventures with internationally recognized car manufacturers, such as Ford, Madheda, and psa, opening a new chapter in diversified cooperation.
In 2016, the sales peaked at 9,575 million vehicles per year, contributing $9,029 million in investment earnings, representing 87.86 per cent of the net profits attributable to the parent company. In 2017, the sales peaked at 1,921,000 vehicles per year.
It contributed $1,268 million in investment earnings, accounting for 17.66% of the net profit that was attributable to the parent company. Co-operative companies not only bring a strong economic return to the group, but also, and more importantly, by working with these leading global car manufacturers, the company absorbs a great deal of advanced technology and management experience. For example, cooperation with Ford allows the company to work together.
The combination of power generation, chassis technology, and intelligent systems have gained valuable technological accumulation, while collaboration with Majuta has led to significant improvements in product design, power systems, and driving technology. Since 2017, joint-venture brands have been declining as our autonomous brands rise rapidly in the new energy sector.
Among them, the company’s joint venture brands lost 2,068 million yuan in 2019, 2022, and 2023, respectively, to optimize its asset structure. In 2020, the company adopted an important strategic adjustment and successfully transferred 50% of its holdings of long-term security psa at a price of 1.63 billion yuan.
By the end of 2023, the company had reduced its long-term equity investment to zero, effectively mitigating the negative impact of subsequent overseas joint ventures on profits. Looking ahead, the company will take advantage of its deep accumulation in new energy technologies to build strong with Ford and Majuda.
Technology synergies. By integrating technological advantages, the three parties will jointly contribute to the development of the new energy brand matrix. For example, companies are expected to build up their energy technology in depth, including the new generation of eight-in-one superconductor systems, advanced power-driven high-frequency pulse heating technologies, comprehensive 2+7 major passive battery safety technologies, and autonomy.
As important joint venture partners, Ford and Majuda are expected to use their extensive market influence and mature distribution networks to facilitate the rapid entry of new energy products into international markets.
New energy vehicle models, including pure electric power and plug-in power mixes, led by Chang Amma al-Dha. Among them, the Mazdaez-6 electric vehicle model, based on pure digital platforms, has been on the market at the Beijing International Car Fair in 2024.
In addition, in August 2023, the company launched the launch brand, which now has three new energy brands, open-source, deep blue, and Avita, with an emphasis on traditional car models.
Since 2020, companies have launched a series of uni, including medium- and high-end traditional energy vehicles, un-t, un-k, and un-v. Three products have achieved some success.
Performance. In 2022, the un series gradually introduced the long blue whale idd hybrid power technology into the full mixed power market. In early 2024, the company decided to merge the cs series and fuel vehicle brands such as Oshan into the gravity brand.
According to the company’s target, the brand is expected to stabilize its annual sales between 1.3 million and 1.5 million vehicles by 2030. Long and deep blue: In an effort to push forward the new energy vehicle industry, the company formally established a new energy department in 2017.
In May of the following year, the company became fully funded and further strengthened the independence of the new energy business. Since then, the company has promoted the development of the new energy business by introducing strategic investors on a continuous basis.
In March of that year, the company had introduced 12 investors in two separate tranches, bringing the shareholding rate down to 40.66%. In April 2022, the company officially launched its digital pure electric brand with a young, technological orientation. In April 2022, the company announced that it would buy 10.34% of the shares of the firm from a third-party fund.
Automobile ownership increased from 40.66 per cent to 51.00 per cent, regaining control over the new energy technologies of the country and incorporating them into the consolidated statements. In the same year, the new energy technology of the country was officially renamed Deep Blue Motors. To date, the deep blue brand has been selling 200,000 bulk products annually, including deep blues07, sl03, g318.
Avita Technologies: Avita Science and Technology, a company founded in August 2018 by Chang An and Ui. In August 2020, the Chang An vehicle announced a replenishment of the new energy source, raising the share share to 95.38%. In May 2021, the name of Chang Anji New Energy Motors was changed to Avitako.
Technology (Gangqing) Ltd., which has introduced two major industries from the Chinese and Ningde era, has jointly created medium- and high-end smart electric brand Avita, which has entered the new medium- and high-end energy market of over $200,000. At present, Avita has launched two high-end pure electric vehicles — Avita 11 and 12 — and plans to launch an incremental version of these two models in the near future.
Avita plans to launch two new cars, Avita 07 and code-named e16, in the second half of 2024. Until now, companies hold 40.99% of Avita technology.
The electric market, which mainly serves mainstream household users, focuses on a price range of $80,000 to $200,000. There are three product lines: a series, q series, and eo series. As a product sequence in the company ' s mainstream price belt, the company has high expectations, and, according to the company ' s plan, the Chang An Xin source plan will launch 10 items globally in 2025.
Car models, with 1.5 million vehicles scheduled for sale by 2030.
Domestically, most of the company’s domestic plant layout is in Chongqing. Since the launch of the Shangri-La project, the company has been actively upgrading and upgrading its backward production lines, with the aim of upgrading existing production capacity to “international first-class, industry-led” levels.
According to company announcements, between 2021 and 2023, the company phased out 630,000 whole cars and 990,000 engines and upgraded the capacity of 570,000 smart grids and new sources of energy. By the end of 2023, the company ' s own brand had an effective capacity of 2.14 million vehicles and capacity utilization.
At 87.31%, while overseas, the major burden is on companies to expand their productive capacity in the future. According to company planning, companies target more than half a million vehicles overseas. Currently, the company has planned to build two full-scale production sites in Thailand, with a total planned capacity of 200,000, which is expected to start production in the first quarter of 2025. In addition, the company is expected to start production in Europe and the South.
The number of cooperative distributors continues to grow, with 3913 cooperative distributors currently operating in China and more than 9,000 worldwide outlets. Companies have implemented multi-layered marketing channels, covering a, b, and new c-nets.
A network is primarily responsible for the sale of dark blue and avita brands, b network is mainly responsible for the sale of cars such as the cs series, and c network is authorized to sell brands such as the Long Enlightenment Source and the Long An gravity. In terms of the number of shops, by the end of 2023, according to geoq data, the total number of shops operated by the public sector was 4601, the second highest among autonomous brand car manufacturers, after Biadi.
In terms of new energy pipelines, companies are expanding mainly through new channels: Long-term Enlightenment Source: a product line that has been on the company ' s mainstream price belt since its launch in August 2023, although the brand has not been long, its channels have been well laid, thanks to strong marketing networks of companies. As of 2023
In April 2022, the brand was launched as a youth, technology-based digital pure electric brand. In its outreach strategy, the company’s existing fuel-car sales channels were not used, but built a stand-alone brand.
Marketing networks, including experience centres, delivery centres, security centres, storage centres and managers’ centres, five modules, and upgrading brand influence and visibility through the establishment of experience centres within the business community. At the same time, a uniform end-to-end retail price strategy is used to ensure openness and transparency in product pricing. As of March 2024, the Long Entrend Blue had been overstretched.
On the Avita side, there were 313 direct shops in Avita by the end of 2023.
According to the company’s plan, the Avita brand will make a major change in its channel model to work with distributors, especially in non-front-line cities. This expansion strategy will effectively reduce the pressure on Avita’s operations and use the resources of the company’s distributors to rapidly expand its market share.
By the end of the year, the number of authorized service outlets will increase to more than 160, and with the existing direct sales outlets, the total number is expected to exceed 470.
1.2 Unloaded overseas joint ventures, autonomous brands are entering the profit realization phase, with multiple core sequences active and autonomous brand sales increasing. From 2019 to 2023, sales of corporate brands doubled, from 829,000 to 16.12 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18.10 per cent.
In recent years, based on the vigorous development of the Oshan brand, the Long Ancs series and the Fugitive series, in 2020 the company launched the medium- and high-end product sequence "uni gravity" to make up for the deficiencies of the medium- and high-end vehicle model and complete the construction of four core sequences of traditional energy vehicles. From 2019 to 2023, four core series were sold from 70.43 million.
The increase to 110,750,000 vehicles has laid the foundation for sustained corporate growth and has taken a leading role in China’s branded fuel-car market. Moreover, by actively expanding the matrix of new energy products and overseas markets, companies have succeeded in breaking the existing market bottlenecks and opening up new growth areas.
The cumulative sales of the Department’s autonomous brand of new energy vehicles were 393,235 vehicles, an increase of 53.79 per cent over the same period; in the same period, the number of autonomous brands sold abroad was 257,172, an increase of 66.43 per cent over the same period. Corporate revenue was kept in line with sales, with a marked increase in the price of bicycles.
In 2023, the average sale price of the company ' s own brand increased by 0.92 million yuan to $90.1 million. In terms of the product matrix, the company ' s middle-end high-end product lines, such as the uni and the deep blue series, grew by 2023, driving the company ' s product.
In 2023, the total sales of the un series were 235.2 million, an increase of 12.25 per cent over the previous year; The total sales of the long and deep blue in 2023 were 12.4 million in 2023 as the new medium- and high-end energy series was launched. Looking ahead, as the new energy brand of the high end of the company continues to grow and deepen, the company is expected to be at the middle and high end.
The company’s net return profits are significantly affected by investment earnings, which makes it more volatile. In 2019, Ernst, the head of the joint venture of the Chang-Ann’s car, dropped sales by about 51.30 to 18.4 million vehicles on a year-on-year basis.
A decline of between 19.66 per cent and 1,336 million vehicles led to a cumulative loss of investment of 2,182 million yuan in these joint ventures during the year, which worsened the company’s profitability. In 2020, the company’s joint brand was reversed, while the company obtained investment returns of approximately $1,971 million through the sale of its Nender-era shares, resulting in a net return to its parent.
In 2021, Chang Anfort sold more than 300,000 vehicles, a significant increase of 20.29 per cent in the same year, while Chang An Yudha sold 13.24 million vehicles, a decline of 357 per cent in the same year. Long Anfort's sales rebounded significantly in the same year, bringing a total investment return of $1.602 billion in joint ventures, resulting in the company's total net return to the mother in 2021.
The gradual emergence and the strengthening of cost control measures, with the company ' s Māori ratio increasing by 3.85 pcts per year to 20.49 per cent and net interest rates increasing by 2.96 pcts per year to 6.39 per cent, together contributing to the impact of price wars and changes in the marketing structure of the company in that year, the company ' s Māori rate fell by 2.13 pcts to 18.36 per cent per year, but as a result of completion
It became the acquisition of Deep Blue Autotech and confirmed the return on investment of $5.02 billion, the company's net return on investment of $5.02 billion in the first quarter of the year, which resulted in a higher base for the same period, and the other part because the company's profitability was exposed to the fuel truck market in the context of the industry price war.
The overall share of the company’s three fees as a share of revenue has been declining: marketing costs at the end: the overall share of the company’s sales as a share of business income has been declining for nearly a decade.
From 2015 to 2017, the cost of company sales was accompanied by a rapid downward trend in scale. In 2018, the volume of car sales fell for the first time in nearly 30 years, and the overall volume of car sales fell by 4.1 per cent to 2,371,000 vehicles in that year.
At the same time, at the cost side, companies have continued to increase their sales fees to $5,283 million, an increase of 32.81 per cent over the same year in 2017 in response to increasing competition, resulting in higher sales costs for companies in that year, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued increase in investment in advertising and in the construction of new energy and electric smart marketing channels.
Management costs end: In recent years, there has been a downward trend in the share of corporate management costs in total income, rebounding only in 2020, when management costs grew by 88.66 per cent over the year, resulting in an increase in management costs by 1.84 pcts, or 5.05 per cent. We believe that the increase in management costs is mainly due to two factors: first, the same salary and benefit costs.
Second, the company incurred a net increase of $738 million in the cost of fuel consumption in the year, mainly because the company's layout of new energy products and technologies had not yet materialized in the year, and therefore needed to be filled with the purchase of credits.
At the financial cost end: the company has maintained its financial cost as a proportion of total income below -0.2% over a long period of time, thanks to a robust leverage ratio and effective management of cash flows. The company’s financial costs consist mainly of net interest expenditure and exchange gains and losses, which are directly related to corporate borrowing and discounting of receivables.
With 60 per cent, leverage remained robust and the company ' s bargaining power over the supply chain and cash flow controls increased year by year as a result of the gradual increase in market share, maintaining high-quality cash flows, which kept the company ' s net interest expenditure declining.
Capital investment has gradually declined from the peak period, followed by an expansion of production capacity around overseas. In 2017, in response to trends in auto lanes, the company launched its third entrepreneurship-innovation initiative. In the same year, the company published the Shangri-La project, which plans to invest $100 billion in the construction of the new energy chain.
Billion dollars, 2,960 million yuan, 2,010 million yuan and 1,405 million yuan. According to the company’s annual report for 2022, the Department has invested in engine development projects in recent years, consisting mainly of a total budget of $4,852 million, a total budget of $3,95 billion for compost plants and a total budget of $5,048 million for the upgrading of vehicle production equipment.
At the end of 2023, the effective capacity of the company ' s own brand had reached 2.14 million vehicles, with a capacity utilization rate of 87.31%. At present, the company ' s capacity in the country is generally balanced and will continue to be invested in the future.
The aim is to upgrade existing production capacity into a digitally new-energy automobile intelligence plant, to the level of “international first-class, industry-led” production line. The overseas sector assumes the main responsibility for the future expansion of corporate capacity.
In addition to the investment of approximately RMB 1.77 billion in the construction of a two-phased full-car production base in Thailand, with 200,000 vehicles in total, and the company’s plans for a follow-up plant, including in Europe and South America, the company’s capital investment has now reached its peak, and subsequent capital spending is mainly centred on the upgrading of domestic production lines and the sea.
For the future, as the peak period of expansion of the company ' s capacity matures, the company ' s future depreciation burden will gradually decrease, leading to a corresponding increase in the efficiency of its operations.
2. In the context of the Shangri-La project, 2.1 companies are actively investing in research and development resources and are constantly promoting innovation in electric intelligence.
The transformation of corporate digitization has accelerated, and research and development inputs have been increasing. Since the launch of the Shangri-La programme in 2017, companies have been investing more and more in research and development. Between 2018 and 2023, the number of research and development staff in companies increased from 7722 in 2018 to 2023.
The annual number of M.A. and Ph.D. researchers rose to 27.32% in the R & D team, an increase of 64.91%. Of these, 2903 M.A.s and 95 PhDs, respectively, have achieved 67.03%. According to the company development plan, it is expected that in 2025 companies will have new energy, intelligence, technological innovation and digitization.
By that time, the size of the research and development team is expected to expand to 20,000 people, with more than 6,000 intellectual and software developers and 5,000 new energy-related researchers. Companies are actively recruiting high-end talent to accelerate the achievement of strategic goals.
The company’s current R & D input is in the second tier compared to other full-car manufacturers, but in view of the company’s medium- and long-term strategic planning and sustained growth in R & D investment, it is expected that the company’s R & D strength will gradually be at the forefront of the industry.
One is the new energy strategy for the Shangri-La programme, which aims to promote the transformation of electric energy, while the other is the intellectual strategy, which aims to promote the full intellectualization of automobiles. Thanks to the implementation of these two strategies and the active involvement of companies, the company has achieved a number of notable results in recent years:
In the area of new energy technologies, the company has been promoting innovation, and since the launch of the Shangri-La Plan in 2017, a number of advanced technologies and platforms have been launched. In 2019, the company launched the Blue Whale Power, which covers engines, transformers and oil power mixes, providing efficient motor power solutions.
Together, the system is highly integrated into core components, achieving up to 95% power-drive efficiency, supporting 240-800v voltage paradigms and meeting different vehicle-type requirements. In 2022, the company launched epa1 and chn platforms to support a variety of power structures, of which the deep blue model is based mainly on epa1 platform development and the Avita brand model is based mainly on chin platform development.
In the first half of 2024, the company introduced a new generation of technologies, including the Geo-Consolidation Power 2.0, the Smart Increase 2.0, the Golden Bell Battery 2.0, and the Djiai Power Mobil 2.0 platform, which completely upgraded the previous generation. In terms of smart technology, the company completed a 2,000-km unmanned test in 2018 and became the country's leader.
In 2021, the company launched the sda smart technology architecture and platform, which is software-driven, with the goal of turning cars into smart car robots. In 2022, the company launched the Quakers, the Quakers, the Quakers, the Ecos, the Quakers, the Quakers, the Queens, the Queens, the Queens, the Queens.
Services such as shipping, building core competitiveness. At present, Chang An Xingen e07 has been installed on technology and plans to apply these technologies in the future with multiple new energy models. Figure 23: Intelligent technology and new energy technology reserves and layouts of companies in recent years
2.2 The company has successfully upgraded its power-drive technology on a continuous basis at the level of Electrification of new energy vehicles, and has now introduced eight-in-one power-drive technology. The company has continued to grow deep in the area of power-drive technology and has achieved technological innovations ranging from three-in-one to seven-in-one.
The Division’s launch of the Triad One power-driven system, which efficiently integrated electric machines, electrical controllers, and decelerations, laid a solid foundation for the integration of the power-driven system. Subsequently, the company continued to break through with the introduction of a higher-integration seven-package power-driven system, which was not only well-structured but also optimized, adding key units such as a charger, dcdc transformer, dcac, etc.
By 2024, the company had once again painted new technology heights and released an eight-unit power drive system that incorporated eight core components, such as electric motors, electrical controllers, slowers, chargers, dcdc, dcac, straight-up voltage and high-voltage wiring boxes, marking a new height in the integration of the power drive system.
The efficiency gains have been particularly significant, thanks to the sicinosfet, the magnetic slicing insulation technology, the world ' s thinest production of 0.2 mm ultra-low-fatal silicon steel, self-adaptation to lube surface control techniques, oil-channel piping and optimization of design techniques and other advanced materials and technologies, which have achieved 92.59 per cent system efficiency. In addition, the new generation of power-driven systems is in volume.
The total power-driven weight has been reduced by 17%, the size has been reduced by 10%, and the power control margin has been optimized by a sharp reduction of 23.8% and the size has decreased by 32.4%. This series of technological advances has highlighted the firm’s deep power in power-driven technology, which has brought more efficient, compact and less quantifiable users.
Figure 24: Core advantages of company geodynamics 2.0. Figure 25: Corporate geodynamics 2.0 demonstrated through a variety of advanced materials
And the process is lightly quantified, using micronuclear HF pulses to heat up the cold.
Use sicinosfet technique 2.53kw/kg superior to the Chinese technique, magnetic steel slice insulation
It's for advanced technology such as rice and tess technology, and it's the same kind of product.
In the case of new energy power-driven platforms, the company has a “self-research + cooperation” model of layout, which currently consists mainly of three epa1 full-power digital platforms: the epa1 platform as a fully-power digital platform developed by the company itself and capable of matching pure electricity.
The platform, using a new generation of super-collective power-driven systems with the highest power efficiency of 95%, and with a global launch of micronuclear high-frequency pulse heating technologies, has effectively improved the power performance and charging efficiency of electric vehicles in low-temperature environments. In terms of integration, the epa1 platform has been integrated into multiple controllers, such as Chang An.
In addition, the epa1 platform uses ibc digital battery tubes combined with optimised power cores, digitized process control and cloudbms dual surveillance to ensure battery safety. Currently, the epa1 platform is already operating.
Successfully applied to the two main vehicles of the deep blue brand - sl03 and s07. In addition, the company has launched two new energy vehicles from the epa1 platform between 2025, including a pure electric motor vehicle based on the epa1 platform, Mazdaez-6, which was officially listed at the Beijing International Car Fair in 2024 and opened a new joint venture brand in the new energy field.
Chn Smart Motors Platform: The platform was developed jointly by Chang An, Hua, and Ningde, mainly for the Aveta brand. The platform adopted a collaborative model of "New Architecture, Powering, High-voltage Charging" that enabled hardware and software decoupling to define cars by numbers. At the same time, the Chn platform emphasized strong computing power, with built-in power being the latest version.
With regard to batteries, Ninder promised to continue to provide the Chn platform with its “up-to-date and best power cell” while supporting Avita as the best smart power in China and the world.
Motor brands; sda smart digitization platform: The sda platform, as a self-researched software drive to support intelligent automobile development, has the core advantage of "hardware available, scenario organized, eco-required, system self-evolving".
The architecture is structured using a platform-based layer design that includes mechanical, energy, electrical, operating system layers, software layers and cloud layers. The 1 to 1-3 layers are responsible for the physical base of vehicles and energy management, and the 1 to 6 layers of software systems that make up vehicles, including operating systems, applications and cloud services.
The sda architecture provides the platforming of the vehicle functionality module and enhances flexibility and maintenance. At the same time, the service racks support rapid rotation and personalization of the vehicle functions, allowing the vehicle to adapt and expand to the user's preferences. In the actual design, the sda architecture transforms the vehicle into a multifunctional intelligent shift that meets user needs.
Motion platforms, such as office space, recreation space, etc., have been successfully applied to the start-up e07 model. With the power of the sda platform, the start-up e07 can be used to switch the suv to a pickup card and become a car robot.
The company chooses the “self-research cell” plus “co-production” approach for batteries, and actively deploys the next generation of battery technology. Given the high cost of self-constructed power cell plants, the company has implemented an innovative two-track in battery production.
Strategies: Autonomously developing core technologies, on the one hand, and working with leading industry firms, on the other, to advance the production and manufacture of batteries. This model not only effectively reduces costs, but also ensures the dual advantages of product quality and technological innovation through strong alliances.
In terms of research and development inputs for power cell technology, the company has established an advanced battery research institute that brings together more than 1,200 specialists in battery research and development. In the future, the company has confidence in forward research and development for the next generation of power cell technology and has developed a clear development plan.
In 2023, the company launched a self-researched “Golden Bell” battery with high safety, long service life, fast charge technology, energy efficiency, environmental self-adaptation, high integration and intelligence.
In 2024, the company launched version 2.0 of the “Golden Clock” at the launch of the Great Blue G318 which resulted in a number of significant improvements, including a 12% increase in thermal stability, a rise in temperature tolerance to 200°c, a reduction in soc recharge time from 30% to 80% to 15 minutes, an increase in intelligence and integration efficiency through ctp/ctv 2.0 technology.
Looking ahead, the company plans to upgrade the gold bell battery series and the volume ctv technology until 2025, to achieve efficient integration of the battery bag and to promote the production of semi-stabilized batteries to the weight of the segment, and to promote large-scale production of semi-stabilized batteries, full-scale production of solid batteries and roll-out of liquids.
Eight self-research cores in the form of state, semi-solid state, solid state, etc., form at least 150 gwh of battery capacity. By 2035, the company plans to achieve a new battery technology-loading application, including lithium sulfur and metal batteries, with projected energy density figure 29: The company's gold bell battery display
Figure 30: Waterproof testing of company gold bell batteries Figure 31: Corporate power cell technology planning time axis, gold bell bell battery 2.0 release, ctv technology start production
Full-scale mass production is now based on the integration of ctv body batteries and the introduction of liquid, semi-solid, solid, and so on.
Platforms, new self-research cores for power battery packages, thermal insulation of insulations compared to the available water in the industry.
To form a battery capacity not less than 150 gwh, the gold bell-coated battery releases a new battery load to the car.
Promotion of new semi-solid, solid-state batteries, development of lithium sulfur batteries, metal batteries, etc. Insulation performance is 30% higher than industry level
The development of new electrolytic materials to enable the design of a prototype core for new and new batteries to achieve 100% thermal inhibition.
Batteries have an energy density of 350 - use temperature increases over conventional materials 500wh/kg, volume energy density
In the case of hybrid systems, the company currently uses a two-track layout of "mixed + incremental" . The company's hybrid system exhibition began at the beginning of the century, and earlier attempts like a hybrid version and a flash plug-in have not been successful, but it has not achieved significant success.
In 2013, the company launched an innovative first generation of separated p2 hybrid systems, uniquely in the compartmentalized layout of electric motors and transformers, which significantly increased the flexibility and scalability of the system and opened new avenues for the development of hybrid technologies. In 2019, the company launched the Blue Whale Power brand, marking the public.
Two years later, the company rolled out the idd hybrid power system at the Chongqing car exhibition, which brings in innovative organic integration of high-performance blue whale engines, efficient blue whale electro-drivers, super-capacity phev batteries and smart control systems, providing users with excellent driving experience and fuel economy.
In 2023, the company further innovated by introducing the power-increment technology, which is a smart combination of electric and fuel-burning car advantages, providing a very long extension mileage and successfully applying this technology to deep blue brands, leading to a significant increase in the overall sales of deep blues. By 2024, the company had reached a further peak in the field of hybrid technology, and released a positive increase in its power.
Process 2.0. The key features of version 2.0 are a high-efficiency increaser, insensitive nvh technology and smart energy management strategy that provides a small volume, high-power incremental system that achieves an excellent fuel economy and a purely electro-continuing mileage.
Double-module-driven capabilities, combined with advanced intelligence control systems, push hybrid power system technologies to new heights, bringing more intelligent and efficient electrical mobility solutions to users. For different hybrid technology routes, companies have adopted a diversified strategic layout for multi-brand brands under the flag.
In addition, the Djiai power drive 2.0 system, a new technology released by the company in 2024, not only performed well in terms of electricity feed consumption and integrated continuation, but also in terms of cost-effectiveness compared to the idd blue whale hybrid system's p2 structure.
More significantly, the technology is now primarily used in start-up brands, and the super-increment 2.0 technology is better than the traditional plug-in system, while maintaining the calm and smoothness of electric vehicles, giving users easy long-distance driving experience. The technology is now mainly used in deep blue and Avi.
Figure 32: Corporate hybrid technology layout, first generation separation, blue whale idd mix.
Release super-enhanced 2.0 and release blue whale power p2 systems.
The power system, the Djiai power-drive 2.0 platform, has been assembled as the Blue Whale Mixer.
High-compressive depths, 10 floors of hairpin, core technology, etc.
In the traditional fuel engine, Doatkinson cycling with motors, triples.
The cable cooler technology, 500 bar super-voltage fuel, adds p2 to it.
E.V. Box, Constance, for the first time in the world, it's a mix of jets, 1.45 wheels.
The machine achieves hybrid functions, batteries and intelligent control electrical power systems, achieves
Range ratio, 150 mj high-energy system, high-performance, high fuel economy.
Fire technology, heat efficiency, low fuel consumption, strong adaptive energy, peak power of 158kw, maximum power.
44.28%, supporting mixing, improving fuel economy, power and long life characteristics,
The processor's power conversion rate, the two-way incremental mode is free to choose, and it's full-time, full-scale.
Selecting and one key locking flat, capable of working in different fields, global warming, full-time.
Figure 33: Optimal energy efficiency in the world: company "New Blue Whale" engine/mass/power-driven platform
In order to work in depth with China, we're working on the second half of the game, and 3.1 and China are building an electric-smart motorguard river for combined forces, and by integrating the advantages of both sides in terms of intelligence and new energy technologies, the company is driving smart electric power.
Product innovation and market development in the area of automobiles. Corporate cooperation with China is the result of years of exploration in the fields of intelligence and new energy technologies. Since 2018, the two sides have been working together in these key technological areas.
In 2023, with successive documents such as the signing of the Agreement on Comprehensive and Sustained Strategic Cooperation and the Memorandum on Investment Cooperation, the partnership entered a new phase. In the model of cooperation between the two sides, the company focused on automobile research and development and manufacturing, while China was in a position to do so.
Under this model of cooperation, the two sides are able to harness their respective strengths and build smart car cars that are competitive in the more competitive markets. The results of the collaboration are reflected in products such as Aveta 11, Aveta 12, Aveta 07, and Deep Blue S07.
In August 2024, Avita Technology, a corporate consortium, announced that its relationship with China had entered into a capital partnership with a limited public division with $11.5 billion in investment in smart technology. In the future, China will also provide more access to Avita, including product definitions, joint brand marketing, design, core technology, and user services.
In Chongqing, Chang-Ang and China signed a strategic cooperation agreement for joint development of lte-v and 5g vehicles:
In the context of a strategic partnership agreement between Chang An and Hua, which focuses on intelligence and the development of new energy sources;
In order to sign the Framework Agreement for Comprehensive and Sustained Strategic Cooperation, the Chang An Automobile and China will work together on digital transformation, the Arithmetic Centre, cloud industry, etc., and the Deep Blue Car and China will formally sign the Framework Agreement for Cooperation in Shenzhenhua for the global headquarters Sakada base, which will focus on the area of car intelligence and explore new chapters of intelligent travel;
In order to sign the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation, Chang An and Hua are planning to establish a new company to focus on the development, production, sale and servicing of smart driving systems and incremental components of the Smart Networked Automobile Haawei:
Deep blue car ceo Dunsingho attended the launch and signed a cooperative framework agreement in the area of motor intelligence to promote research and development and application of new technologies in the field of smart electric vehicles: Avita acquired 10% of Shenzhen Intelligent Technology Ltd. for $11.5 billion:
In October 2020, China launched its smart car solution brand He, which started research in 2012 and officially launched the Smart Car Resolution Program in May 2019.
In 2021, China launched two models of the Cyrus f5 and the question world m5. To this end, it covers three modes of cooperation with car companies: parts supply model, he model, and
In November 2023, a memorandum of cooperation was signed between Hua and Chang An for investment purposes.
So, the hi model and the spare parts business became two of the leading smarts in China's planning and layout, and the he model focused on working with major car manufacturers to build advanced smart grid-connected cars. The solutions offered by China's He brand cover five core smart systems.
This includes computing and communication structures, smart driving, smart cabins, smart electric power, smart web connections, and smart car cloud services, as well as key smarting components such as laser radars, ar-hud. At present, the Hi brand has worked with a number of well-known car companies, including the North Gas Troll, the Long Avita and the Dark Blue, the East Wind, and the East Wind.
In addition, China has launched a direct sales model for spare parts, which focuses on providing car manufacturers with key intelligent parts such as smart drivers, smart cabins, etc.
Since its inception, China has invested more than $30 billion in research and development, competing for deep-enhanced-hi model products. In recent years, it has given high priority to technological innovation and research, continuously increasing its investment in future-oriented research and innovation, such as smart car parts and software technology, and buying major smart assets based on Cyrus’ acquisition.
In addition, China’s research and development team is strong, with sound R & D systems and processes, a platformed R & D architecture, and a range of proven and mature solutions to ensure efficient R & D progress, according to the annual report.
The size of the R & D team has exceeded 7,000 for two years in a row. Compared to the larger-scale manufacturers in the field of smartness, idealism, pelicans, kryptonium, etc., Chabu is in the first line of both R & D inputs and researchers.
Five core intelligence systems, such as smart driving, smart cabin, smart electric power, smart web connection and smart car cloud service, are therefore unique in terms of resource optimization, professional depth, synergies, etc., compared to the general entire car manufacturer.
In the case of smart driving, there are a number of smart driving indicators in the first line of the industry. In the case of smart driving technology selection, the latest version of the smart driving system has been upgraded to ads 3.0 and the system has been able to move from the perception level to the decision-making level by integrating the god (general barrier identification) network and the pdp (predictional decision-making regulation) network.
End-to-end seamless connections. This innovative structure directly maps the sensor into a controlled output, significantly reducing the loss of data in the transmission modular design, thereby increasing the overall performance and the efficiency of the system. With regard to cloud-end computing and data accumulation, the ads3.0 system has a capacity as high as 3.5 eflops.
The ability to calculate, and the ability to process 30 million km of training data per day, shortens the model ' s updating cycle to only five days. By contrast to larger car manufacturers, such as arguably, idealistic, pelican, and so on, smart drivers are at the forefront of progress, whether they are intellectual miles, cloud-end computing, end-to-end production.
In addition, the prevailing view within the industry is that, as computing and sensors continue to grow, the progress of urban noa coverage, after abandoning heavy maps, is an important measure of motor intellectual competence. From the point of view of the urban noa cover, the Chinese-hi model, represented by Avita, is now in the first line of the industry.
Avita has been able to open up the uncharted area of Nca throughout the country, with access to 99.5% of the roads. Huo has been in Hong Men's cabin four times, and has had the advantage of eco-economy on multiple scenes. Since the release of Harmonyos 2.0 in June 2021, Hong Meng has been in operation for four generations, and each update has brought significant technology.
Harmonyos 2.0 introduced a four-sounding sound source positioning technology for the first time, while Harmonyos 3.0 adopted an over-collaborative cloud response mechanism that further enhanced the overall performance of the system. Harmonyos 4.0 achieved a major breakthrough in multi-user technologies, supporting the six-sounding source location and multi-screen multi-sounding control.
The latest version of Harmonyosnext, using an innovative distributed soft bus design structure, has achieved significant optimizations in connection speed, number of connections, and power consumption compared to previous generations. The system not only integrates cutting-edge technologies such as image intelligence functions and i-sound restoration, but also further consolidates the benefits of the Hong Kong system as a whole.
At present, in addition to the Hong Munji brand and the Shi model brand of collaboration, a number of car manufacturers, including Jiang Xiao, wide-bang, map cars, scooter cars, Kai Wings, etc., have announced their participation in Hong Meng eco-cooperatives. These partners will be based on the following principles:
As an important member of Hong Kong's ecological cooperation, Chang An's car is expected to take advantage of China's technological advantages and combine its deep accumulation in the area of car manufacturing and electrification to provide consumers with a richer and more intelligent driving experience.
With regard to the sale of cars, we are based on the reasonable assumption that the future development of companies coincides with the overall industrial development. We expect that the sales of vehicles from companies from traditional sources will be in the period from 2024 to 2026.
In the case of new-energy automobile sales, the company’s sales are largely made up of deep blue brands, start-up brands, and the unie series. In the larger context of the growing size of our new-energy vehicle industry as a whole, the company is expected to achieve a rapid increase in sales by virtue of its advantages in terms of channel layout, electrification, and intelligence.
The company’s goal is to distribute more than half a million vehicles overseas in the future, according to the public plan. From 2024 to 2026, we expect products.
As new energy brands, such as deep blue, open source and so on, are gradually increasing, we expect companies to be expected to have a large-scale effect on the country's top self-employed car industry, which in 2023 was ranked second in the country in terms of its own vehicle sales, and whose channel layout and overall product competitiveness are in the forefront of the industry, while the company is in the process of electricization and intelligence.
Long-term deep-farming and layout is about to come to fruition, with traditional energy sources like Biadi, Cyrus, the Wall, and the New Energy Cars leading manufacturers as comparable companies, with a lower rate of growth in new energy cars from 2024 to 2026, increasing the risk of competition in the industry.
As of July and August 2024, our new energy penetration rates by vehicle have passed 50% in a row, and we anticipate a peak in the growth of new energy vehicles. Slow growth in the new energy automobile industry could trigger a series of chain reactions, increasing competitive pressures within the industry. First, as market growth slows down, firms compete for limited market shares.
Second, consumers may be more selective in their choice of new energy vehicles, with higher requirements for performance, prices and services, forcing firms to provide more competitive products and services, thereby further reducing the overall profitability of the entire manufacturer.
New energy penetration rates abroad are not as high as the expected increase in trade barriers abroad, and according to FMC data, in January-July 2024, new energy vehicle penetration rates in major European countries, including Germany, France, Italy, Norway, Sweden, were negative for the same year as in 2023.
The region’s new energy vehicle penetration rate rose by only 0.1 pcts in the same year as in 2023, so that the slow growth of penetration in overseas countries could prevent companies from selling overseas from reaching their stated targets. Meanwhile, major car markets such as the United States, the European Union, etc., announced in the second quarter of 2024 that they would increase tariff rates on electric cars exported from the country.
China’s major exporters of cars, such as Brazil, Mexico, etc., have set relatively high tariffs, with Brazil resuming import duties on electric cars since January 2024, and announcing that it will gradually raise high tariffs for some time to come. Although companies have adopted a home-grown plant strategy to avoid tariff problems, in the global trading environment, they have been able to reduce their tariffs to more than 100%.
Trade barriers, such as non-tariff barriers and other protectionist measures, that other countries may have in place, in addition to tariff escalation, need to be closely monitored to ensure that firms can respond flexibly to potential market access challenges. The current competitive trend in new energy vehicles has moved from the first half of electrification to the second half of smartness.
Currently, companies are fully aware of the importance of smart business in future competition, and in line with corporate development regulations, it is expected that in 2025 they will invest more than $80 billion in such key areas as new energy, intelligence, science, technology, innovation, and digital transformation. By that time, the size of the research and development team is expected to expand to 20,000 people, including smart people.
In addition, in terms of the intelligent layout of the dark blue, avita, etc., the company aims to promote continuous innovation and key breakthroughs in intelligent driving technology by working with China.
The promising cooperative R & D progress has fallen short of expectations, with companies having indices that are not sufficiently competitive for their products because of the short cut in the field of intelligenceization. The Hong Kong market benchmark is a consistent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer target), and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts