Shanghai Vegetables (00252) medical creatures rejuvenating the spring winds and rejuvenating blood products, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: 1) The demand for blood products recovered in 2023. With the major and decisive victory in the prevention and control of the epidemic, the country recovered from routine diagnostic activities. According to the Health and Health Board, in March 2023, our hospital treated 380 million people, representing an increase of 11.5%.
At home, in 2022, more than 1,400 tons of slurry, in 2022, in which the proxy Kilifor Import Office further upgraded corporate income and industry, and in which the market share of the company ' s clogged blood-causing sub-products was the leading country, we estimate that in 2022, the company ' s own blood-producing products had a net profit of about $1 million per ton (slurry) per ton.)
The demand for blood products is expected to recover as a result of the epidemic. In 2022, there was a decline in the number of visits to hospitals in the country. The average number of visits per month was 330 million in 2022, a decrease of 5.2 per cent compared with the previous year.
The company has been leading the country in terms of profit-making by up to 1,000 tons of slurry in Shanghai. Since 2014, it has expanded its slurry station resources through multiple M&As, with 42 existing slurry stations and more than 1,400 tons of slurry in 2022 and the slurry is the largest in the industry.
The company acquired sales agent power for the Kilifor blood protein products, earned $2.7 billion in 2022, and the protein agent business helped the company to raise the voice of the industry, thereby further driving the sale of other home-grown products. The company now has 11 human blood proteins, immunoglobins, etc.
This includes three key condensed sub-products in Shanghai. The company’s profitable industry is ahead, benefiting from a rich variety of products and its market share advantage. We estimate that in 2022, the company’s tons of slurry will be about $1 million per ton.
• The introduction of a staff-holding scheme to motivate company personnel for performance growth and product development. The company launched a staff-holding scheme to include no more than 272 employees, including company directors, supervisors, senior managers.
Shanghai Lace: The highly profitable lead blood company, Shanghai Lace, is one of the largest blood companies in the country, with its main business in producing and selling blood products. The company was founded in 1988 under a joint venture contract between Les and Shanghai City Blood Center Blood Transfusion Equipment, Inc.
In 2007, Lace was converted into a joint-venture company. The company landed in 2008 in a deep-seated, small and medium-sized company with a rich variety of blood products and a long history of marketing. The company launched its first product, Ambress, in 1992, followed by static immunoglobin, clogged blood viii, and human clogged blood enzyme complexes in the 1990s.
In 2014-2016, the company completed the acquisition of state and pharmaceutical industries, compatriots, Zhejiang Haikang, acquired 45% of Gds shares in 2020, and signed a partnership agreement with Kilifor’s sole agent for blood and protein in 2021. The company’s largest shareholder is Kilifor.
Kilifor became the largest single shareholder in the company, holding 1.77 billion shares in the listed company and holding about 26.2 per cent of the shares. Founding shareholder shares decreased, and the company is currently without real control.
As of 25 June 2023, the stockholding rate had fallen to 2.4%, and the share ratio of Les China had dropped to 4.7%. The new chairman of the board of directors was expected to lead a new chapter in the company’s development. The company’s board of directors was appointed Xu Joon-soo in October 2022.
Mr. Seo-joon was elected as the new president of the company in April 2023. Mr. Seo-joon led the company's research and development, production, and marketing in Shanghai.
The company's performance has grown rapidly in recent years. In 2022, the company achieved revenues of $6.57 billion, an increase of 53.1 per cent over the previous year; in the year of return, the company's income grew faster, mainly as a result of imported protein business; and the profit growth rate was lower than the rate of income growth was mainly represented by agents.
As a result of the low Māori rate. 2023h1, which benefited from the new coronary control and the gradual recovery of conventional medicine, the company achieved revenue of $3.9 billion. In 2022, the company produced home-grown hemoglobin, immunoglobin, condensed blood factors and other blood products. Imported serotonin accounted for 22.9%, 20.2%, 14.9%, and 42% of blood products, respectively.
The signing of the Procurador Protein Co-operation Agreement has continued, and the procurador's income ratio has risen rapidly.
There are no more than 272 employees, including 7 company directors, supervisors, and senior managers.
Blood products, such as human blood protein, immunoglobin, and fibrous proteins, were rapidly recovering in 2023. Their use was linked to the number of terminal consultations and surgeries.
The demand for blood products has grown rapidly with the country’s 2023 major decisive victory against the epidemic, the recovery of routine diagnostic activities. In March 2023, our hospital treated 380 million people, an increase of 11.5%.
The demand for blood products has grown rapidly each year. Since the second quarter, it is expected that regular intra-hospital consultations will gradually resume, that the primary beneficiaries will be the fibre-optics, man-whites, etc., and that the demand for blood products will continue to recover throughout the year. In the case of batch issuance, static issuances will continue to grow at a relatively high rate. According to the medical magic data, the company consolidates the slurry station resources, and the slurry volume is the leading in the country.
3.1 Shanghai Leis is the leading industry in the industry of blood products, and the company is the leading producer of blood products in the country. In 2022, the company earned $6.57 billion in blood products and the mother's net profit was $1.87 billion in blood products, ranking first among the listed companies of blood products.
The number of slurry stations is the second highest in the country, the third in the year. The company has 42 slurry stations, the number of slurry stations is the second highest in the country ' s blood products industry. In 2022, the company extracted more than 1400 tons of slurry, and its slurry is the third highest in the country. According to the Boya Biology Annual Report, the amount of slurry in the country was 10181 tons in 2022, according to which we estimate that Shanghai Lei slurry is about 14% of the country ' s total slurry.
The company is run by four blood companies, which have a wide geographical distribution of slurry stations. The company is run by four blood companies, namely Shanghai Laish, Zhengzhou Laish, Hoshu and Zhejiang Haikang, with a total of 42 single-slamp plasma stations covering 11 provinces and autonomous regions, including Guangxi, Hunan, Hainan, Xingxi, Anhui, Guangdong, Inner Mongolia, Zhejiang, Hubei, Jiangxi, Shandong.
In 2013-2016, the company acquired the same road life, the state and medicine industry, and the Zhejiang seacomb, and the Zhejiang seacombs, Lez, Zhejiang, Zhejiang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhejiang seacomb, Zhejiang seacomb, Zhejiang seacomb, Zhejiang, Zhejiang, Zhejiang, Zhekang, Zhejiang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhekang, Zhejiang, Zhejiang and Lez, respectively, respectively, for the growth of the slpest.
The number of stations has increased from 12 in 2013 to 35 in 2016. 3.2.1 Acquisition of State and pharmaceutical industries, acquisition of two slurry stations, one in Shanghai, one in Chengzhou and one in Guangxi, in 2006 acquisition of two slurry stations in Hunnan and one in Guangxi.
Table 5: Company acquisition history of the state and pharmaceutical industry, May 2013, after Couri Tianchen and Xinjianghua acquired $560 million and $570 million to state and pharmaceutical former shareholders, respectively
31.2 per cent and 31.8 per cent of the shares of the state and pharmaceutical industry were held in Shanghai in January 2014 and 93.6 million shares were allocated for the purchase of 100 per cent of the shares of the state and pharmaceutical industry at a price of $19.22 per share to the state and pharmaceutical shareholders of the industry.
After the launch, the company's share capital was 609 million shares. 3.2.2 Acquisition of 14 slurry stations owned by same-route organisms, formerly the Angé Da An Biopharmaceuticals Company Ltd., which is run by the Combine Organism, Hong Kong Heung Fung, Hong Kong Hong Kong Hong Kong Hong Kong Hong Kong.
In October 1993, Chang was established jointly. 14 slurry stations were owned under the flag of same-way organisms in 2014. In July 2014, Cregindal and Shenzhen Laith acquired 39.6% of the shares of the same-way organisms respectively. In December 2014, Shanghai Laith issued 144 million shares to Coragin, Shenzhen Leis, and Xie Yanling for 89.77% of the shares of the same-way organisms.
In November 2016, the company acquired 10.23 per cent of the shares of its compatriots from Huang Rieder, with $550 million in its own funds. After this acquisition was completed, the total stock of the company was 1.37 billion shares. The remaining tons jumped to nearly 900 tons, and the slurry area was expanded to eight provinces (autonomous regions).
In December 2016, the company’s subsidiaries collected $369 million in collage and self-financing for 90% of Zhejiang Haikang’s shares in the Wenzhou conch group. Zhejiang Haikang was the only blood company in Zhejiang province, formed by a joint venture between the Wenzhou City conch group and Zhejiang province blood products. After completing the acquisition of Zheqang Haikang, the number of slurry stations under the flag reached 35.
In January 2021, the company signed an exclusive agency agreement with Kilifor International.
Shanghai Lace and its subsidiaries are designated as exclusive distributors. They are authorized to sell on their behalf products such as human blood proteins, albins, and plasma proteins from Killifor International.
Hemoglobin has been sold in China for over 10 years. In 2020, Kilifor issued 8.16 million bottles of human blood protein in China, representing 14 per cent of the total.
In 2019, the company had issued shares to purchase regular shares in the Gds series of 40 shares (40 per cent of the regular shares in the 100 sharesa series that gds had issued abroad) and in the 50 sharesb series (50 per cent of the general shares in the 100 sharesb series that gds had issued abroad), totalling 45 per cent of the shares in the Gds series.
After Gds acquired Horotete ' s nucleic acid testing business in 2017, the gross interest rate remained at over 60%, and the rate of Māori for blood screening in 2017 reached 72.55%. When the transaction was completed, the company ' s business section would be extended to the area of in vitro diagnosis, allowing the chain to extend upstream, industry, and industry.
By absorbing the advanced production and scientific capabilities of gds, companies will further strengthen their own production and research and development. At the same time, coordinated business integration will improve the quality of the original blood products, enhance the adaptability and technological level of the gds blood testing technology, and enable the trading parties to promote each other and win-win.
gds are industry leaders in the nucleic acid detection division, working in conjunction with the company to guarantee plasma quality. gds is the son of Kirift and specializes in blood testing equipment and reagent production, mainly for nucleic acid testing, immune antigens, and blood-type testing. gds production is mainly used to screen for the presence of viruses in blood and plasma to ensure the safety of blood and plasma, and so on.
Gds has a number of advanced core technologies, such as the nucleic acid test product's transfer guide extension (tma).hiv, hcv's re-engineering antigen protein production technology, and the blood type test's column condensation technology. More than 200 people in the research and development team have developed a strong research and development capability, and as of February 2019, gds and their affiliates have been authorized globally.
There are 109 patents for inventions registered and valid. gds mainly apply nat technology to screen viruses, nat technology to expand and detect pathogenic nucleic acid sequences with the advantages of high sensitivity and short time.
Figure 26: Gds virus screening technology nat equipment and software for internationalization exchange cooperation to expand the internationalization of companies. gds have global production and marketing networks. They have four major production centres in the United States, Spain, Switzerland, and have established direct marketing and distribution parallel distribution networks worldwide.
It is expected that international operations will be carried out with the experience and channels of gds. If Kilifor becomes a controlling shareholder, he can bring his production process management, product quality control and management team into China.
In 2022, the company sold 58.4% of its own blood products, which is higher than the rate of its share of blood products in a similar listed company. The company’s products cover three broad categories.
The most important products of the company are human blood protein, human immunoglobin, human immunoglobin, condensation factors. Both the human blood proteins and the monocrete are produced in four companies, and the coagulation factors are dominated by several batches of blood products issued by the company.
The distribution of 161, 130 batches was approved, accounting for 3.8%, 12.2%, of the national counterpart, and the company ' s leading industry in bulk issuance of sub-products, e.g., eight factor, Fibre Hara, which significantly outperformed the slurry ratio. The company ' s market for sub-products is higher. The company ' s multi-factor sub-products dominate the industry.
In recent years, the company’s income from its own production has increased rapidly. In 2022, the company’s income from its own sales was $1.49 billion, while the new crown epidemic accelerated the liquidation of the industry’s inventory, and the company’s revenue from its issuance and sales grew better.
Figure 31: Corporate revenue from the sale of static props assumes that the company slurry more than 1400 tons in 2022, and that the volume of human blood protein sold by the company is expected to increase at an accelerated rate over the next three years.
Assumption 3: Irrigated by the demand for new coronary disease prevention and treatment, the country’s overall demand was strong in 2023.
Table 13: The company slurry station has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having received any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.