An undervalued blood product tap, with the hope of breaking the cocoon into a butterfly, December 04, 2023, keyword: # Less than the same company # Merger Reorganization
▪ Corporate valuations are underestimated, and major shareholders, Kilifor, plan for changes in equity, and equity incentive schemes are on the ground; companies announce that major shareholders, Kilifor, are planning to transfer corporate ownership, and it is expected that in the near future, the new major shareholders will be able to empower the company in the long run; companies are motivated to show that management has sufficient confidence in corporate development and greater certainty in performance.
The demand for blood products core products such as static c, protein, etc. has increased again, and there is a small build-up of stocks and a shortage of supplies. At the demand end: there has been a recent surge in respiratory diseases (influenza, subgenic infections, etc.), clinical demand for selenium has increased again, and post-epidemiology pipeline stocks of “zero stocks”, which still face supply.
At the end of this year, the price increases outside Jing Cong are clear. At present, the price outside Jing Cing Cing is 200-300 dollars higher than the average price for each one in the house, and Jing C has achieved a "quick increase" since this year. In the long run, upgrading the products of the replacement Ning C Ning is expected to further increase the Ming C rate. In January-August of this year, the clinical needs of the human blood proteins are also “strict”
In January and August of this year, the volume of batches issued by the company’s company’s imports of protein from the company’s company was also rising by 36.5%.
Industry concentration is expected to increase further. For example, Boya, Pylin and Xiaoqin major shareholders are easy-to-be, and the “state retreat” includes Shanghai Lace and Tai Bong, which are about to be consolidated. The 14th Plan is two years away, with fewer slurry stations in the first three years and faster in the second two years. 42 company slurry stations are expected to produce 2,000 tons of slurry in 2025.
The company's recent strategic acquisition of Guangxi canopy, depth, and distribution of two single-promotion plasma stations and blood products is expected to accelerate their approval in 2024 and 2025, the last two years after the 1455th year.
The industry earns $10.66 billion. Of this, it earns 20% of the protein, 20% of the detergent, and the rest of the blood products. The human cartilage enzyme and the only person listed in the country are expected to be twice and 17 times more, respectively. The blood industry is growing in scope and concentration, and the company is undervalued as a blood company.
The flagship and equity incentives have allowed senior management to balance their interests, giving 30 times their own blood products and proxy proteins in 2025, and the equity incentive scheme, which is expected to sustain a high growth of 1.1. Deep-cultivation blood industry for 35 years, with a return to the golden age.
The Shanghai vegetable was established in 1988 as a leading domestic blood industry for the collection of raw plasma, the development, production, and sale of blood products in one place. For 35 years, the company has been working deep, and is in the lead in the country’s blood industry.
Four bases for the production of blood products. The company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2008.
At the same time, the quality of production and the ability to market academic outreach are among the leading players in the country’s research, production, and distribution of integrated blood products.
1.2. Large shareholder equity changes are expected to take place, and companies are entering a new phase of their development. During the month, companies acquired 45 per cent of Gds ' shares under the Kilifor flag and entered into a bet agreement with gds, which provides that by the end of 2023, the cumulative ebitda of gds will total no less than $1.3 billion and have been completed by the end of 2022
11.41 US$. In June 2023, the company announcement revealed major issues related to changes in equity planning in Kilifor, with the introduction of a future employee holding scheme to demonstrate a strong sense of development confidence. In September 2023, the company completed a stock buy-back programme, with a cumulative buy-back of 136 million shares, representing the company ' s current total stock.
The equity incentive scheme is intended to include no more than 272 employees, including 7 company directors, supervisors, and senior managers.
A clinical application for a product has been approved. This initiative will maximize employee motivation and enhance the efficiency of the company's operations. 1.4. Business is sound and profitability is increasing.
Half-yearly, human blood protein contributes 60%. Of this, self-generated protein accounts for 17.51% and imported proteins account for 55%.
This year’s surge in clinical demand for proteins was also the result of the supply-side Kilifor issue of the same year +16.8%. Agent gds’ blood sifting equipment and reagents received a smaller amount of less than $100 million, or about 1%, this year. The company achieved a net profit of $1.79 billion in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 11.5% in the same year, with a net profit of $1.80 billion not attributable to the mother.
In the first three quarters of the year, performance was good, with a positive growth forecast for the year as a whole. 2. Industry integration and acquisition accelerated, company slurry sources and variety expansion continued to grow, oligopoly patterns were present overseas, and domestic industries were at a rapid stage of development.
Blood products originated in the 1940s, and after many years of rapid development, they have evolved from the original human blood to more than 20 species such as human blood protein, immunoglobin, and condensed blood factors. According to the evolution of the global blood industry, the trend has been to re-centralize through mergers and acquisitions.
The global blood market is expected to rise by $93.1 billion in 2030, according to the Research and Markets data, and has grown steadily in recent years, reaching 10,181 tons in 2022, with the number of slurry stations increasing in the future.
As a result of our strict regulation of the blood products industry, the supply side is limited to slurry, which represents only about 16% of the world ' s annual slurry. According to the Minnet data, in 2022 our public health institutions sold blood products at approximately $46.4 billion, and grew empty compared to the mature market in Europe and America.
In the future, with the improvement of our national system of economic development and medical care, the increase in the awareness of doctors of blood products and the upgrading of new products, the clinical use of blood products will increase, and the profits from ton slurry will increase further. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the market space for blood products in China is expected to rise to 78 billion in 2027.
2.2. The surge in demand for static and proteins has led to an increase in the quantity of blood produced in our country, a limited supply of blood products, a stricter policy of plasma collection than in the European and American countries, and strict controls on the import of blood products, which are currently only allowed for imports of human blood proteins and are therefore scarce in domestic raw materials.
The supply of blood products has been limited. In the last five years, the demand for hospital proteins and semen has grown faster than the national plasma growth, and more recently, respiratory diseases (influenza, schilling infections, etc.) have re-emerged in various parts of the country, and clinical demand for sermons has re-emerged (mainly in icu and blood units), adding the pipeline stock of sedentary "zero stocks" at the end of the pipeline.
Sting C is still facing a situation of supply and demand; the market at the end of the Jing C Hospital grew by 45% in January-August 2023, and the elimination of the new crown factor by 18%. Shanghai Lace grew fastest, with 103.6% in January-August 2023, and Leith Medicals evidently.
The clinical use of human blood protein is widespread, of which icu and surgery are the most relevant. In January-August 2023, the clinical need for human blood protein was equally “tightly balanced”, with hospital end demand increasing by 21.34% in January-August 2023.
Fortune's sales are at the forefront of the industry. The batch issuances for the imported proteins have also been at a fast rate of 36.5% this year. 2.3. Industry concentration is increasing, companies are actively buying and consolidating resources. The blood industry is a competitive stock, and since 2001 there have been no new blood producers.
In recent years, the blood industry has developed a wave of mergers and acquisitions, and the concentration of the industry has increased considerably. There are currently fewer than 30 blood companies operating in the country. The 14th Five-Year Plan has two final years, with fewer slurry stations in the first three years and faster ones in the second two years.
In recent years, there has been a continuing trend towards the integration of the blood products industry, and the concentration of the industry is expected to increase further. For example, Boya, Pylin and Xiaoqiang major shareholders are easy to own, and “nationalization” includes the imminent integration of Shanghai cabbage and Thai biology; Shanghai Hyles acquired compatriots, Bong and Pharmacy, Zhejiang Haikang, respectively, from 2013 to 2016, a recent company announcement.
According to the report, the company intends to acquire 95 per cent of Guangxi Peaks in 481 million yuan and to acquire two single plasma stations at Guangxi Peak, which were previously hosted by Chengdu Yongsheng with an annual capacity of 200 tons of protein, static and immunoprotein, and that after the acquisition, the company will actively promote the acquisition of single plasma permits for two single-promotion stations and the restoration of plant production.
The initiative is expected to result in a new slurry growth point for companies. 2.4. The slurry station construction continues to advance, with slurry at the top of the industry being driven by an endogenous and extended double-wheel drive that continues to expand the sources of slurry
With fewer than 300 single plasma stations in 2022, the State has stricter rules for the establishment and management of single plasma stations, with only one single plasma station located in an area where the number of stations is growing slowly and the supply and demand of raw materials remains more pronounced.
The company actively promoted the increase in the number of slurry stations through new constructions and acquisitions, and in 2014-2016 it completed the acquisition of Chengzhou vegetable, compatriots, Zhejiang Haikang. As of May 2023, Shanghai cabbage and its subsidiaries were in the process of being built nationwide (with new approvals), Zhengzhou vegetable 2 and Zhejiang Haikang 3 families, covering Guangxi, Hunan, Hainan, Shuang.
In the 11 provinces (Autonomous Region) of West, Anhui, Guangdong, Uttar Pradesh, Zhejiang, Hubei, Jiangxi, Shandong, the number of slurry stations, the spread of regions and the volume of slurry will be among the highest in the industry. With the recent successful acquisition of Guangxi canopy, the company will acquire two new single plasma stations.
In 2022, Shanghai Leis was able to harvest more than 1,400 tons of slurry a year, and in the first half of 2023 it was more than equal, with 2000 tons expected in 2025. At present, the company has the second largest slurry in the industry, with the dragons ton. None of the remaining blood products produced 1,000 tons of slurry last year.
2.5.I. The company has a vast variety of products and is constantly developing new and innovative varieties. The company ' s main products are human blood protein, immunoglobin, condensation-type products, etc., which are among the few available in the country.
The producers of blood products from the plasma, which extracts six components (12 in total), are among the most comprehensive producers of sub-products in the country. At present, only 14 species of albath organisms have two more than in Shanghai, Les. The best condensation sub-products are found in Shanghai and Warland.
Figure 18: Comparison of different types of products commercialized by blood companies Continuously increased investment in research and development, accelerated development of new products, dedicated research to the treatment of haemophilia, full use of the Department ' s strengths in the field of condensation, continued focus on the technological frontier, and continued opening up of blood products while developing them.
Research and development in other areas of biopharmaceuticals and the strengthening of the talent ladders by strengthening the introduction and development of talent. In addition, the company, through its wholly-owned company, works together in medicine, with the authorization of its affiliated firm, Kilifor Global and gds, as human blood protein products and blood screening systems, blood screening tests and blood screening.
In mainland China, reagent box products are sold by exclusive distributors of imported human blood protein and blood-sifting-related products.
In 2022, our market for creziage was about $1.940 million, and in recent years, the number of surgeries abroad has been increasing, driven by an ageing population and the expansion of medical resources.
In 2023-2030, the number of surgical operations is expected to increase from 76 million to about 150 million. The large increase in the number of surgical operations will lead to a rapid increase in demand in the market for human constriction enzymes.
In 2003, the company obtained the Frozen Man Cholesterase Production Document (commodity name: Supine) as the country's first approved company. The product is expected to be commercialized this year, which will further boost the company's ton magma profits. Strong pig condensation, blood enzyme, sales are already out of 800 million.
2.5.3. The only person in the country on the market is fibrous protein glue, which has a good competitive pattern.
The rationale is that, when the two components are mixed, they activate the fibrous proteins by condensing the proteins, turning the fibrous proteins into fibrous proteins, and gradually condensing them together, eventually forming a network of fibrous proteins, acting as pre- and post-operative blood cessation and tissue bonding. Significant application rates are available in neurosurgery, cardiosurgery, etc.
In addition, the company has been exploring new uses of fibrous protein adhesives with many large hospitals, such as malignant neoplasms, the removal of encapsulations, preventing the spread of tumor cells, and acting as a slow-release carrier. As these new uses are developed and refined, the market will expand further.
In 2003, the company was allowed to produce the only products listed in the country. The company ' s sales resumed faster this year: in the first half of 2023, the sales of the Ministry ' s products were 168 million, an increase of 46.1% compared to 2022, with a marked increase in future products.
Figure 20: Sales of Fabric Concords by Shanghai Vegetables, Figure 21: Series Issuance of Fibrous Concords by Shanghai Laces, 2.5.4. The first market acceleration industry in the Fabric Institute has a strong competitive advantage
Human fibre proteins are applied to congenital fibre protein reduction or deficiency; acquired fibrous protein reduction: liver cirrhosis, dispersive intravascular condensation, post-partum haemorrhage and coagulation disorders caused by lack of fibre proteins due to major surgery, trauma or internal haemorrhage, mainly in the acute medical and blood sciences.
For the first company in the country to acquire a fibre protein code (commodity name: Fabres) and to market its products, they are now listed in the national list of essential health insurance medicines, and the main sales of human fibre protein (fibre) are in two companies, Boya Biology and Shanghai Vegetables, which together account for more than half of the country's market share.
Channels grow by 10 per cent annually, clinical demand increases by 18 per cent per year, well above the market average. There is a strong competitive advantage in the absence of protein, complete cretin properties and a wide range of adaptive conditions. 2.5.5. tonnes of magma are profitable and new products are being delivered.
The use of plasma determines the profitability of the company, and the strategic restructuring of the company with Kilifor in 2021 resulted in a significant improvement in the efficiency of the use of the plasma. The company currently has 12 products, with high plasma utilization rates and high pricing rates for high-quality products such as protein, with a ton profit exceeding $1.1 million in 2022.
For the highest level in the blood industry in the country (without considering imported products), there is a clear competitive advantage, and in the future the net profits of the company will increase further when new products are marketed as the volume of the company ' s products continues to grow.
Blood products: as the company’s core business. Revenue from blood products is divided into four main categories: proteins derived from the company’s own slurry, proteins imported from Kilifor, static props produced by the company itself, and other blood products, including special, condensed blood factors. Blood products are expected to generate 2023-2025.
Test equipment and reagents: In 2022, the company added an agent to sell gds detection equipment and reagents. The pre-value corresponds to 24 times, 20 times and 17 times, respectively.
Items (about 67 per cent of net parent profits, about 2.2 billion yuan) and proxy proteins (about 33 per cent of net parent profits, about 1.1 billion yuan) are estimated to be 30 times their respective value (a reference industry average dynamic of 38 p, conservatively calculated at 30 p), 17 times their value (a proxy protein business has a lower Māori rate than self-production, so a conservative rate of 17 times p)
Performance is lower than expected: the performance of blood products companies is influenced by a number of factors, including whether the slurry is in line with expectations, the supply and demand relationship of the product, the price of the product, etc. Imported protein cooperation terminates risk: currently, the company ' s agent, Kilifor, accounts for income from imported proteins.
If cooperation with Kilifor is terminated, it will have a greater impact on the income and profit ends.
A reputation is not amortized, but it is subject to impairment tests at the end of each year.
Exchange rate risk: The company's agent Kilifor's protein products involve import trade, with operations predominantly in United States dollars, and three major financial forecasting tables for Shanghai Laith, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), have qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.