Qingdaobrewery (600600ch) Quarterly Review 2023: Cost elasticity of sales upswings in front of the industry
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
In the first quarter of 2023, the company collected RMB 10.71 billion, which was higher than the previous year ' s increase in the market ' s net non-mortality profit of RMB 1.35 billion, or 32.1 per cent.
A quarter of sales are better than industry, and the company’s high-end process continues. With the full release of controls htiesg and the rapid recovery of terminal sales, the company’s sales have grown rapidly during the quarter, and
MSciesg rating bbb+ 11.0 per cent long (4.5 per cent industry per quarter); Qingdao beer brands are sold
The realization of 984,000 litres of product sales in the upper middle and higher grades, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the same year, and sales as a share of daily transactions (a three-month average) The increase in the speed of lock prices to the same ton cost, and the continued decline in cost rates are a clear indication of the ability to control costs.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved a ton cost of $2794.7, an increase of 4.0 per cent over the same period.
So, in the first quarter of 2023, the company continued to open up and achieve a sales rate of 13.8 per cent, a decline of 0.35 per cent compared to the corresponding rate of 0.35 per cent; and a decrease of 0.87 per cent compared to the same period, which we expect is mainly due to the company ' s shareholdings and its continued sophistication during the same period last year.
As a result of General Management ' s staffing; the ultimate profitability level continues to be raised, with a net interest rate of 13.6 per cent, an increase of 1.32 pct over the same year. Barley costs remain under constant pressure, and package prices are explored or provided with elasticity.
The exchange showed that most of the liquor companies have completed their year-round lock-downs on barley, and we expect that the cost of barley will increase by about 20% over the year. But we have also recently observed that prices for package (bottles, aluminium, tiles) have been generally explored, whether the latest prices are the same day or not.
It is 23 years of average prices, with a 10-20% decline in the same year. Meanwhile, since February, barley prices have again shown a continuing downward trend, which offers a chance for wine companies to achieve a year-on-year decline in barley costs at the end of this year’s lock price.
The company is expected to achieve a single-digit lower-to-ton cost level, providing a better elasticity for eventual performance growth. Investment advice and profit projections.
We expect the end of the season to pick up, and the help company will continue to realize the same increase (medium and lower) prices (medium) throughout the year. Cost side: We expect the sales costs to return to a normal pace this year.
At that time, the company was expected to control the increase in costs by closing down plants, downsizing personnel, and so forth.