Follow-up focus on structural sustainability: Upward profit projections, 1q23 income and profit growth are quite bright under the base. With 1q23 strong performance, the market's investment in the beer as the beer season approaches and the heat of the baffles is driven by the baffles.
The financial mood is expected to improve in the short term. However, as the base of 2q23 and 3q23 rises and the effect of price increases diminishes, we need to focus on two main points: 1) Will the blisters maintain a high sales rate in the next two quarters? 2) Will the product structure be continuously upgraded?
• 1q23 performance exceeded expectations: net profit of 1q23 increased by 29 per cent on a year-on-year basis and supermarket forecast.
Period. Revenues increased by 16% the same year, driven by sales and average sales unit prices. Of these, better than market expectations. Higher profit accelerations plus larger stock ring declines, helping companies move cash flows double the same time. 1q23 Māori increases 80bps.
The same ratio is 40 bps, which comes mainly from business leverage. The same rate of management costs are significantly reduced by 80 bps, or savings due to the end of equity incentives. Thus, the core profit margin increases by 33% and the core operating profit ratio expands by 2 percentage points.
• Increase in the average unit price of boosters: Aoshima's brand of 1q23 has grown by 7.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, much slower than the 16.6 per cent increase in sales of sub-brands (mainly Xiaoshan beer). This is likely to be a short-term downswing in consumption in the province of Shandong.
Sales (1q23 of 70% of total sales of the main brand) grew by 11.6% over the same year, higher than the overall increase in sales of the main brand, which means that the sales structure of the main brand continues to be superior.
Two price increases for Aoshima beer (600600.ch), and we assume that the relatively significant increase in the average unit price of 1 q23 in green beverages is mainly due to the contribution of price increases, while the product structure is relatively limited.
In 2023, the valuation of v/ebitda (the 30% discount on the Chinese target), we were better off. Maintain a rating of “buy-in” and “holding” of a share in the port stock. • Investment risk: higher prices for raw materials than expected; higher product structure than expected.
Figure 1: Profit projections and financial indicators: Scavengering attention to the International Study of Pura Qingqin Financial Statements Analysis and Forecasting - Aoshima Beer
f = Submarine International Forecasts, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Spob International.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate incomes and profit margins are not growing as expected.
An optimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profitability grew better than expected, with sales of major brand products increasing by less than 3 per cent in 2023; sales in Shandong were eroded, resulting in overall sales growing by less than 3 per cent;
The company ' s operating profitability level increased by 180 bps in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, and the company ' s overall operating profitability level increased by less than Pilgrims in 2023 on a year-on-year basis.
Spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario (600600.ch) Pessimism scenario: corporate income and profitability increase less than expected
An optimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profitability grew better than expected, with sales of major brand products increasing by less than 3 per cent in 2023; sales in Shandong were eroded, resulting in overall sales growing by less than 3 per cent;
The company ' s operating profitability level increased by 180 bps in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, and the company ' s overall operating profitability level increased by less than (lost) in 2023.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.