Life in China (601628.sh) Qualitative upgrades, new business values outperform colleagues – the overall premium increases are good, and a risk channel is clear for corporate value leadership.
The share of premiums paid in the first year and above was 9.2 per cent, a decrease of 1.2 percentage points in 2019. The percentage of premiums paid in the first year of life, health and accident insurance increases by +7.5 per cent, +5.3 per cent, +11.2 per cent, of which the share of premiums paid in the first year was 0.6 percentage points, and the share of premiums in the first year of insurance for specific guaranteed products increased by the same percentage.
The new business value of a risk channel is +1.22%, representing 98.79% of the company’s new business value throughout the year, an increase of 1.73 percentage points from the same year, which is a significant leader in corporate values. The size of the agency’s workforce has declined, and the quality of the workforce has improved. By the end of 2020, the company’s risk sales workforce had reached a significant level.
137.80 million people, a decrease of 235,000, were deployed in accordance with the “New Works” and, following the upgrade of the Basic Law in 2020, the recruitment and selection controls were strengthened, the agents who failed to meet the requirements were actively cleared. Despite the decline in the size of the agents' workforce, the average monthly sales of manpower was increased by +9.7 per cent, and the quality of the workforce was upgraded.
The value of the company ' s new business in 2020 was 58,373 million yuan, or 0.55 per cent, and it performed relatively well compared to its counterparts. The value of the company ' s new venture was 47.9 per cent.
The combined impact of the update of the discount rate assumption for the risk reserve, policy adjustments before tax on implementation fees and commissions in 2019, and changes in investment returns, with corporate accounting estimating the impact of the change reserve calculation on pre-tax profits of $38.540 billion
For the first time, the coverage was rated as “enhanced.” The company pushed strongly for “new engineering” reform and the “renewal of life” strategy. In 2020, in response to the impact of the epidemic, the company’s workforce was upgraded and its business structure optimized.
I. Optimizing proximate proxies, well-performing opening doors, laying the foundation for a steady increase throughout the year (i) a smooth increase in the total premium and continued optimization of the operational structure
A good rate of growth in the rate of growth of the premium is guaranteed for the whole year. The company achieved a total premium of $61,227 million in 2020, an increase of 7.97%, and benefited from the company ' s good record of opening the premium in 2020. The company ' s annual premium rate was positive, of which the new policy premium and the renewal premium were +6.98%, +8.43%, respectively.
In terms of product type structure, the premiums for company life insurance, health insurance, accident insurance in 2020 were 48.6 billion yuan, 11.51 billion yuan and 16.6 billion yuan, compared to 7.62 per cent, + 9.01 per cent and +10.98 per cent, respectively, and health insurance, in which the premium for specific guaranteed products was 0.6 percentage points higher than the premium for the first year and the premium for all was continuously raised.
The first-year contribution to the first-year premium was 97.9 per cent, 13.5 per cent and 0.07 per cent respectively, while the first-year contribution to the first-year premium continued to be high and the first-year contribution to the health insurance fell slightly from 16.6 per cent in 2019 to 13.5 per cent.
The first annual contribution of the three types of products to the first annual premium is highlighted by the value contribution of the insurance channels. In terms of the structure of the insurance premium, the company achieved insurance coverage in 2020 by 511 billion yuan, 41.2 billion yuan, 28.9 billion yuan and 31.1 billion yuan, compared to 5.5 per cent and 5.5 per cent respectively.
+3.74 per cent, +5.42 per cent, +25.9 per cent, +100.6 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent, +1 per cent
(ii) The risk channel has a clear role in leading the company ' s value; the risk channel ' s new business value, which is +1.22 per cent, represents 98.79 per cent of the company ' s new business value throughout the year, up 1.73 percentage points from the same year.
By the end of 2020, the company's risk-marketing workforce had reached 1378,000 people, a decrease of 235,000, and after the company's deployment in accordance with the “new program” and the upgrade of the Basic Law in 2020, it had strengthened its recruitment and selection controls and proactively cleaned up under-required agents. Despite the more marked fluctuations in the size of the agency's workforce, the company was effectively selling manpower on a monthly basis as compared with +9.7 per cent of the workforce.
(iii) There has been a slight decline in the policy retention rate and the related quality of operations indicators have remained generally stable The expansion has resulted in a continued decline in the firm's retreat rate of 1.09 per cent for the year as a whole, or 0.8 percentage points for the year as compared with the previous period; the company core payout rate, combined solvency rate, is 269 per cent and 260 per cent, respectively, representing a small decline in the company as a whole
Corporate refunds continue to decline in the same year, reserve balances + income from long-term insurance premiums) Investment assets have expanded in size and total investment returns have been stable. As the size of the liability premium has expanded, corporate investment asset rules have expanded.
The scale of investment assets at the end of 2020 was expanded to close to $410 million, or +14. Investment assets were invested upwards, with public capital. The company’s net return on investment in 2020, the rate of return on total investment, taking into account the availability of other combined revenues in the current period, and the maturity of its stock of assets, were influenced by factors such as the company’s exposure to equity market changes, and the fact that total investment returns remained largely stable.
Figure 16 Investment assets increase with the size of the end of the liability. III. New business values perform better than peers, with a steady increase in their intrinsic value, and companies perform relatively well in terms of the growth rate of new business values compared to industry.
By the end of 2020, the company’s remaining margin stood at $83.73 billion, the same ratio.
+8.98 The remaining marginality of the company has increased slightly in 2019. The company’s life insurance operations, health insurance operations, and other business life insurance operations have experienced a greater decline in comparison to the previous year when the traditional reserve discount rate assumed had been updated; the net profit attributable to the parent company was $50,270 million, compared to 13.76 per cent, and the net profit was largely subject to the traditional risk reserve discount assumption, the implementation fees and commissions in 2019.
The combined impact of pre-tax deduction of policy adjustments and changes in investment returns, with corporate accounting estimating changes in reserve accounts, profit of $38.540 billion before the roll-out of taxes.
For the first time, the net profit from repatriation fell slightly over the same period, and four, profit projections and investment proposals were covered with an “enhanced” rating. Companies were strong in advancing “new engineering” reforms and “new life” strategy deployments, 2020.
During the year, the corporate workforce was qualitatively upgraded and the business structure optimized, with key business indicators containing values, new policies sold below expectations, new business values growing below expectations, capital market volatility, etc.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, and to charge direct or indirect fees for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.