The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center merged with the Sichuan Dragon Python in 2016 and jumped to the fourth largest titanium powder supplier in the world.
The company's six main bases in the four provinces are located in the central and south-west parts of the country.
60 000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride powder; Sulphur acid and chlorination capacity and self-sufficiency of titanium concentrate; titanium industrial chain production process
The company ' s titanium powder production process is highly integrated, with two processes: sulphate and chlorination, with high by-product utilization, and global titanium ore overview of global titanium ore energy
The price of titanium concentrate is higher globally, and we still need to import titanium concentrate, especially high grade titanium concentrate, for our titanium powder production.
This year, the price of titanium concentrates has increased significantly due to environmental and industrial climates, the high dependence of domestic titanium concentrate imports, the greater environmental impact, and the country's titanium mineral energy.
In 2018, we produced about 4.2 million tons of titanium ore, a 10.5 per cent increase in production.
More than 90 per cent available; 3.12 million tons of titanium ore imported, mainly from Mozambique, Kenya and Australia; 7.3 million tons of surface titanium consumed domestically, in the same way.
• Mozambique — Kenya — Australia — Korea — India
The supply of international titanium is tightening, and future prices are expected to continue to rise.
baseresources issued an announcement that, as the mineral collection is in its final stages, it will no longer be able to supply the mineral to the Chinese market at a later stage, which means I
About 15% of the country's imports of titanium concentrates will be adjusted and the price of quality titanium later on will rise several times.
Global titanium powder production, global titanium process distribution, global titanium powder production.
By the end of 2018, global titanium powder production was about 7.5 million tons, cr5 = 60.4 per cent, with international industrial integration.
At the global level, the world's major titanium production areas are concentrated in Asia and the Pacific, North America and Europe, and our country has become the world's largest titanium production site after the United States.
The overseas titanium powder production is clear, there are no new plans, the process is dominated by chlorination, and the production is concentrated in the Euro-American region.
Titanium produces about 4 million tonnes/year overseas, mainly in the chlorination process, mainly in the European and American regions, and the concentration of the industry is extremely high, with a very high concentration.
The acquisition of Costal by Norobox has been completed, and the capacity of the overseas titanium powder production cr4 has risen from 70% to 90%, with a significant increase in concentration.
At the end of 2018, the country's titanium powder production was reduced and the rate of production was maintained at a high rate.
3.5 million tonnes/year, the size of domestic capacity has been maintained in recent years, with the deepening of supply-side reforms and rising industry access thresholds, and small industries.
The process is based on sulfuric acid, and the country's titanium powder is produced.
Domestic titanium powder prices are on the rise, domestic demand is still resilient and stable in the long run, and the rate of growth in consumption is slowing as a result of real estate regulation.
The rate of increase in paints is negative - production: paints (paints): cumulative year-on-year titanium powder downstream is used mainly in paints,
Production: Plastics in primary form: Accumulation of titanium powder downstream is mainly applied to paints, plastics, rubber, and end demand is concentrated in real estate. The main downstream microdata trend is upwards, and domestic demand is still more resilient.
The titanium powder cycle lags behind about one year of new construction  (billion square metres)  (million square metres)   (million square metres)    (cumulative year)  (right axis, %)
In 2018, the construction of new houses began at a double-digit rate, and the paints were a kind of post-real estate product, a titanium powder consumption cycle in view of domestic market developments.
The period 2019 - 2020 for titanium in the country is almost one year behind the start of the real estate cycle, and in 2018 the area of new construction in the country returned to double digits.
Overseas exports have become an important factor in the growth of domestic demand for titanium powder, benefiting from the growth of emerging economies, which in 2018 accounted for more than 30 per cent of exports, and from the rapid growth of overseas demand.
We're mainly exporting titanium powder to South-East Asia, and the demand for titanium powder is largely in line with the gdp acceleration.
In South-East Asia, gdp is growing at a significantly higher rate than the global average. At the end of the process: chlorination is the dominant process for the future development of titanium powder.
titanium, but sharp titanium has a higher photocatalytic activity, which can be used in photocatalysed materials. titanium powder production processes are divided mainly into sulphuric acid and chlorination, and titanium powder production processes are mainly based on titanium ore, which can produce crystal-like titanium and gold-red titanite powder products.
▪ The chlorination feedstock is required to use raw materials with a titanium dioxide content of 80 ~95 per cent, such as natural carbide, man-made carbide or high titanium chloride slag, but only to produce titanium titanium powder with high product quality.
The technique of sulfuric acid produces both sharp titanium and gold sulfate, which converts it into gold sulfate, which makes it impossible to produce 100% crystallized titanite powder.
, which has the advantage of short processes, high automation, low environmental pollution, and good product quality. However, chlorination techniques are difficult, demanding for raw materials and highly dependent on imports, safety and environmental costs. End of process: chlorination is the dominant process for future development of titanium powder.
End of process: Chlorination is the dominant process for the future development of titanium powder, domestic chloride titanium powder production, chlorinated titanium powder is the preferred option for future titanium powder development, currently sulfur.
The Acid titanium powder production process is concentrated in China, where the supply of chlorination is the main source of production abroad, while China ' s new production capacity is currently dominated by chlorination and sulphate production is slow.
Shrunk, decreasing share. China is experiencing the main sulphate chlorination process, which is the main process of chlorination. National policy guides and encourages the development of chlorination technology.
We are the world's largest producer of sponge titanium.
Global sponge titanium production, 260,000 tons, yielding 180,000 tons, is concentrated mainly in China, Japan and Russia, and our sponge titanium is facing structural reforms.
The domestic production of sponge titanium in 2018, the import and export of sponge titanium in the last three years, 107,000 tons of titanium in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
Fifteen per cent, and eight enterprises produced 74,953 tons of titanium, compared to the same year, when rising domestic titanium raw materials led to sponges, our titanium is characterized by low-end excess, high-end deficiency, and high-end titanium production.
As the demand for high-end titanium rises, the demand for titanium has continued to grow rapidly over the past three years.
Domestic demand for titanium-processing materials National production of titanium-processing materials (1587 million tons in 2018) and 31 enterprises
Production of 75049 tons, an increase of 5.7 per cent in the same year, exceeded 140,000 tons in global titanium processing materials, while production of 63,396 tons in 30 enterprises in the country increased by 14.4 per cent in the same year.
In terms of demand structure, 80% and 50% of the U.S. and Russian titanium are used in air space, respectively, with less than 20% of our country still in need of space.
The supply of high-end titanium is inadequate, and demand for high-end titanium is growing rapidly.
The back end is underdeveloped, market products are dominated by medium- and low-end products, product value added is low, high-end titanium technology is underdeveloped, and there is a lack of high-end quality and market recognition.
In recent years, the demand for high-end titanium has increased in our aerospace, ship and other fields, but this part of the demand is that companies have chlorination technology and products are internationally competitive.
The company ' s titanium chloride development process has acquired ownership of 60,000 tons of boiling totemperature production technology, with an actual output of 62,000 tons in 2018, with a capacity utilization rate of more than 100 per cent, and two 100,000 tons of production lines in phase II of the company ' s chlorination method, with a test vehicle of 2019 q2 and q3 respectively.
The company’s share of sales has consistently exceeded 50% in recent years and is expected to benefit fully from the rapidly growing demand for titanium overseas.
On May 24, 2019, the company collected 829 million yuan in condolence.
In June 2019, the company planned to buy Tetsu for $5.34 million.
In June 2019, the company intended to hold the Yunnan titanium industry.
Underground: the new titanium industry is equipped with sponge titanium technology and production capacity, with a claim of RMB 52.2 billion to replenish it.
With a sponge titanium capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year, it's possible to co-operate with the company's new titanium alloys project to produce low-cost, dragon pelican culpable.
New titanium industry, high-quality sponge titanium.
The titanium titanium- titanium alloy whole-industry chain has its own titanium mineral capacity of 800,000 tons/year and signed an agreement with Rillium and Titanium Peace to secure titanium material.
The company will start production in the year 2 of the chlorinated titanium slag base, 300,000 tons per year, and 200,000 tons of high-quality iron. The new titanium industry, 60,000 tons per year, will resume production in the year, and the chlorinated system, phase 1, will be expanded to 100,000 tons per year.
Investing $1.98 billion in a project to build 30,000 tons of new high-end titanium alloys per year, extending 30,000 tons/year of sponge titanium, which is expected to be ready for production by early 2021. The company extends military engineering, aerospace titanium alloys, and moves into new titanium alloys.
Revenue performance continued to grow, with contributions mainly from titanium powder, 83 per cent from titanium powder camps, 86 per cent from titanium powder.
titanium powder to mineral products to other major businesses  titanium to powder to mineral products to other major businesses  to national counterparts (2018)
The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre receives any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is qualified in securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and, to the extent that the company and the author know it, there is no legal or regulatory requirement to disclose or take restrictive or silent measures with respect to securities evaluated or recommended in this report.