Dragon python pelican (002601: Cost Global Precautions, Large Chlorine National Breakdown, Dragon python pelican
Python Aperture Report Series II, a company dedicated to the development of titanium and fine powder materials, is the world's leading-cost titanium powder leader, and the cost advantage is likely to increase.
The group has now formed the Henan Fever, the Sichuan Deyang, the Twilight Flowers, the Lake North, and the third in the world, with costs not only leading the country in absolute terms, but also on the left of the world's cost curves.
Many production bases, such as Xiangyang and Yunnan Xinjiang, with a large powder production capacity, are among the top in Asia and third in the world, characterized by the circulatory economic effects of the sulphur-phosphorus and sulphur-iron-tony chains: and the higher unit price of the company.
The best-selling products in Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, North America, Europe, the Middle East, and the equivalent of the variant have reduced unit costs. This is reflected in a high chlorine ratio and a high-end gold-carbone-type presence in more than 100 countries and territories in Africa.
The cost advantage of the company will be maintained or even increased, mainly on the basis of the favourable viewing of titanium raw materials, the dependence of improved sulphuric acid on resource endowments and the difficulty of replicating characteristics, as reported in company 2019-08-21.
Construction of the titanium chlorination project to localize chlorination feedstocks. 2019-09-20, which limits the circulation of shares on the market, pioneers the expansion of the domestic chlorination system into the global high-end market.
Prices, combined energy consumption and environmental emissions have had significant advantages, coupled with high technical barriers, which have been slow to develop despite domestic policies that have strongly encouraged the chlorination process. The size and steady operation of chlorinated monomer devices is a sign of technological sophistication, with the company ' s second release of 200,000 tons and a single line of 100,000 tons.
The scale will further widen the technological and physical gap with their peers, while formally entering high-end markets, with companies effectively raising their income-side spaces while maintaining a cost-side advantage for their products. Low global supply growth and high concentration will reduce cyclical volatility in the industry.
And the domestic supply is subdued by the sulfate policy and the high barriers to chlorination, and the future supply of new supplies in the industry depends on the company ' s pace, while the demand side is expected to match the global gdp growth rate in the long term and is expected to be more stable; at the current rate of start-up, the average annual demand increase of about 200,000 tons globally is able to absorb an average of 250,000 tons of capacity per year.
Speed increases; short-term domestic demand is tempered by the completion of the construction of the property, and the re-painting of the market, without undue pessimism. Merger restructuring has been the main theme of the titanium industry, and from 2016 to the present, the company has launched a new round of industrial integration for direct beneficiaries and Tenor, respectively, at home and abroad.
The expected price volatility, supported by an orderly pattern of increased concentration, is weaker. Do not double the 10, 8 and 7 and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Rhodes, Xu Kunlun, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
East Hing Securities Insight Report Long Python Pelican (002601) reports: cost is a global leader, large-scale chlorination is a national failure, cost is a global leader, and there is still room for greater profit per unit.
1.1 The cost of titanium powder in the country is highly compatible with the raw materials of the absolute lead, creating an integrated industrial chain. Since 2016, when the company acquired the dragon python, the capacity of the raw materials, especially titanium concentrate, has been significantly enhanced, with 600,000 tons of titanium from the pyrome.
On 10 March 2017, the company signed a framework agreement with Ryr for the procurement of titanium mines, with a capacity of 200,000 tons, and the company’s titanium concentrates at Deokyang and Xiangyang bases have been largely self-sufficient. With regard to sulphuric acid, the company’s tarpaulin base is 80% self-sufficient, and the base at Deyangyang is basically fully equipped.
Reference is made to the titanium concentrate business, which is comparable to the titanium smelting in the titanium, which averaged 385 per ton in 2013-2017 and 415 per ton in 2017; and to the assumption that titanium concentrate alone consumes 2.35 per ton of titanium powder, which is equivalent to a net gain after taxes on titanium powder of more than 1000 ton and 500 to 600 ton per ton.
Figure 1: Mono-tonne profitability of titanium concentrates from the years of steel climbing, and continued optimization of the non-mine support capacity of the East ' s financial and intellectual sources.
The company’s integration with the dragon industry is the main, but not the only, cause of the decline in costs: based on the profitability of its parent company, i.e., the focal base, the cost and profitability of the company’s non-mineral package has also continued to be optimized, and the Māori rate of the company’s non-mineral package has been raised from mid-market companies since 2015. We judge that the technology process has been optimized through internal benchmarking after the acquisition of dragons.
The company has a strong influence in the market, especially the Snow Lotus, while at the same time taking the lead in the company's focal base chlorination laws; on the other hand, the environmental support from the company, which has been better developed, has led to less environmental investment and costs for the company in recent years in terms of environmental stress.
1.1.3 A comparison of the average output and cost per unit base in figure 2 and figure 3 shows that the industry largely follows the pattern of larger and lower unit costs. The average capacity of the unit-based sulphate device is second only to that of the non-listed company, Dong-ja Shan, and leads the country.
Greater advantage: Even if chlorination devices are considered, with the production of 200,000 tonnes/year (one-line 100,000 tonnes), single-base/uniline devices will remain in place. With the integration of dragons, the company ' s cost advantage expanded in 2016, but even if we do not take into account the raw material-packing advantage, the Maori and single consumption of titanium concentrates modify the company ' s single-ton cost <8053 +415*2.35 = 9028 tonnes, the single-ton cost will remain the highest in the country.
According to the results of Hoshikawa Information Statistics, as the “12th Five-Year Plan for the Integrated Use of Resources and Industrial Development” clearly states “accelerating phase-out”.
Post-production capacity: single-line production capacity of 20,000 tons and the following titanium sulphate production lines, we cut out 20,000 tons and below, and now total domestic sulphate production capacity of 3.54 million tons, with a total production of 2.95 million tons in 2018, with an 83 per cent increase in the start-up rate; however, small-scale capacity is too low, with the industry now having a profit/loss balance of about 50,000 tons per year, and small businesses struggling with environmental and loss pressures will be driven out of the next 50,000 tons.
Step-by-step phase-out. This does not mean that the company’s advantage in unit size will be reduced: on the one hand, the company’s three main sulphate bases are expected to expand sulphate production to 650,000 tons over the next two years through technological re-stuffing, and single-base capacity will continue to increase; on the other hand, the Dupont chlorination device will provide 200,000 tons of single-line capacity, and the company is expected to be the country’s first major breakthrough in chlorination this year, with 100,000 single-line capacity.
The decline in investment per unit is also a reflection of the effect of scale, as can be seen from the comparison of investment in chlorination devices between companies and their counterparts, which continues to decline significantly when the unit investment in the first stage of the plant, which is still to be imported, is already significantly lower than that of the other company.
One-ton product investment is about $0.09 million lower than the one-time investment, about $0.02 million lower than the average of the peer, and assuming 14 years of depreciation, the corresponding depreciation cost is about $ 650/ton lower than the one-time investment and about 1,400/ton lower than that of the partner.
Aquatic Apertures (002001) reports that cost is a global leader, large-scale chlorination is a national failure, and that the improved sulphatic acid-thiophos-tomide cycle, characteristic of the Jinzhou titanium industry, has significantly optimized consumption and emissions.
By virtue of their mineral resource advantages, the python is better able to address the bottlenecks in the production of traditional titanium sulphate in the circular industrial chain system, whereby titanium powder, sulphate, phosphate and phosphorus are married to each other. This is done by using autonomous research and development (R & D) to make reasonable use of the iron and solid sulphate, which are the main wastes generated in the production process, through the marriage of phosphorus, sulfide and sulfide.
(a) Enrichment purification technology to process 1.5 tonnes of sub-iron sulfate per ton of titanium powder and hydrolysis maternal waste acid into feed additives after purification, and 7.5 tonnes of sulfonic acid at 20-25% of the byproduct into a concentration of 2.5 tonnes of purge acid at 60%, achieving the full use of sulfate in titanium powder devices;
In the case of sulphuric acid production, the development of sulphate and sulfur, sulphate blending and sulphate preparation techniques, the production of sulphate using sulphate in iron sulphate, the recycling of sulfur resources and the reduction of sulphur consumption of tons of sulphate in sulphuric acid devices from 328 kg to 289 kg; and the improvement of the use of titanium resources in the development of raw materials.
The use of titanium dioxide has increased by two to three times the use of titanium resources, effectively addressing the problem of low utilization of the polymagnetic resources.
The improved sulphuric acid process based on “sulphur-phosphorus- titanium” achieved the flow of sulphuric acid, titanium powder, phosphate production systems, energy flow coupling and recycling in comparison with the conventional sulfate titanium powder: circulation and reuse of sulphur were above 70 per cent and consumption of sulphuric acid was reduced by 35 per cent; disposal costs were reduced by 30 per cent; phosphate device phosphate recovery rates were above 94 per cent and consumption of sulphuric acid was reduced by 0.4 tons; by
The source of financial growth in the East is the expansion of production capacity and the simplification of waste acid treatment, with investments reduced by more than 30% per ton and the added value increased by more than 10%. In the context of growing environmental pressures, the greater significance of this is to guarantee the steady start of installations.
Figure 5: Synergy in the distribution of the mineral resources of the python “sulfur-phosphorus-tetanium”
In addition to the phosphorus- titanium co-production technology, the “sulphur-iron- titanium” and “sulfur-ammon- titanium” co-production processes of the company's focal base and Shandong Qa also have good recycling economic effects, but most of them have resource endowments that are too heavy to be easily replicated and replicated; and due to, inter alia, financial factors, small and medium-sized enterprises are more likely to use lime in and treat waste acids, produce large amounts of gypnotic gypsum, require too much environmental capacity for solidification, and are under environmental stress.
The average price of titanium powder from Māori is significantly higher than that of other listed companies in the same industry, adding further Māori advantage on the basis of cost advantages: In 2018, for example, a single ton of Māori from the same ton ranged from US$ 1950/t~3750/t for listed companies in the same industry.
Anada, which we believe to be the most profitable of the listed companies, can be seen as near marginal cost, and the company’s more marginal production, more accurately as a Maori advantage of no less than 2300 yuan/t ~ 4400 ton/t. The source of financial prosperity in the East.
The company has reported a high unit sale price for its cost, which varies from US$ 2,300 per ton to US$ ~3500 per ton, to US$ 800 per ton to US$ 1600 per ton, in addition to the cost-end contribution.
(b) Export ratio: corporate products have a higher level of recognition in foreign markets, with exports accounting for nearly 50 per cent, and the price of titanium powder in international markets is generally higher than the country's price.
Within, this can be compared between the Māori rates of the company in 2017 and 2018: this explains why the ratio of both titanium and Annada gold-type products is not lower than that of the company, but the average selling price is still lower than that of the company, indicating that the company ' s gold-type products are also of significantly better quality than their peers and are a reflection of the higher quality of the company ' s products than their peers.
The bargaining advantage is: the size of the production capacity, the environmental compatibility, the stability of the work, the benefits of a stable supply chain relationship with large customers, and the benefits of a stable supply in exchange for a certain price advantage; the low share of total company procurement and total sales, whether for the top five suppliers or for the top five, means that companies are less dependent on large suppliers and large customers and have a stronger voice in the industrial chain.
Figure 7: Domestic titanium exports in the last eight years were $240/t higher than the average domestic gold-carbo type Source of Eastern Finance and Technology Operations were able to operate its global ink titanium operations and develop blr.895 and blr.896 chlorination products through the first chlorination device
Second, the company promoted the optimal upgrading of the whole industrial chain to downstream chlorinated titanium slag-spongiform- titanium alloy, with an investment of $1.98 billion in the construction of 30,000 tons of new titanium alloys project, the newly acquired Yunnan titanium industry, with 10,000 tons of titanium production capacity, and active integration into the high-end titanium production supply chain to enhance the value added of the company ' s products.
Figure 10: Growing value of company bid versus market averages
The company reports a global leader in costs, a large domestic collapse in chlorination laws, figure 12: the extension of the company's industrial chain to downstream high-end titanium alloy products.1.2 The company's leading edge is still clear from overseas.
Comparing the cost of titanium powder to the world ' s top leaders: (1) because Tenor completed the acquisition of Kostristal in April 2019 and Coste was previously not a listed company with no complete public data support, we chose four other leaders (in 2018, Tenor has not acquired Kost) as bid companies; and (2) because foreign companies announced that only ebitda, accounted for separately by titanium powder, was not disclosed.
Gross profits accounted for separately, so we chose the ebitda profit margin and the ton cost = average * (1-ebitda profit margin) to compare between the four major global giants outside Coste, ton profit: Tenor > Komor > Connors, average unit price difference between companies in 2018, mostly between $2,900/t ~ $3,200/t, but Turner's ton profit was much higher than the other tolls, mainly because
A complete complement of titanium raw materials, based on the profit data of the world ' s top titanium material, uka ore (including minerals such as diamonds such as diamonds, titanium ore, titanium ore) earned $1244 in 2018, mine ebitda received $545, sold 827,000 tons, corresponding to profits of ebitda 43.8 per cent, single tons of ebitda about $660 per ton, and titanium powder consumed about 1.2 per ton of 95 per cent of the gold ore.
A comparison of the costs of the company and the four other champions shows that the company is not only the lowest in the country, but also the world-wide leader, with an average cost of $200 per ton ~ $1,100 per ton, and an average cost of approximately $660 per ton, which is largely due to the company’s higher sulphuric acid.
In general, because of the high demand for raw materials, the single ton, the source of financial excellence in the East, the cost of investing in high-factor chlorination processes is higher than the cost of sulphuric acids, and because of its unique low-grade titanium smelting technique, Cormewn has the potential to produce high-steam slag.
For companies, the lack of access to high-story slag production technologies based on low-grade titanium mines is one of the key factors in sustaining their low cost. Comparing the profits per unit of the company’s four other champions, it can be seen that, while the cost advantages of the company are clear, the unit gains are not very different from those of the other champions.
Apart from Tenor, which is essentially at the same level, this is mainly due to the fact that the price of the company's products is more marked than the other flagships, with average prices in 2018 being 700/tons ~ $1,000/tons less than the other four; it is mainly due to the fact that, despite the fact that the company's products are high-end in the country, they are still low globally.
The source of financial prosperity in the East uses chlorination as a raw material for high titanium slags or gold ore, relatively small impurities such as iron ore, high production of titanium powder, good dispersion, and higher stability of product quality than domestic sulphuric acid products due to the high automation of production processes; (2) titanium white
Powder production is divided into primary products and finished products, and domestic titanium powder and imported titanium powder processes differ, so there is a difference between particle size and bottom size in primary products, and the imported titanium powder particles are evenly distributed, the base is blue, and they are better applied in the area of paint. It is worth mentioning that between the four leading foreign dragons, chlorine production is not a determining factor in the price of the product, such as Connors’s.
The same is true of the high unit price, while the ratio of chlorination capacity is lower than the chemours and tronox, venator. Does this mean that sulphate titanium can also be obtained through differentiated reprocessing of high-end products that we need to follow up on; except in the extreme case of Tenor, a certain degree of raw material support may not be a cost-determinate factor, such as the cost of kronos being higher than vanator and the highest of the four leading overseas dragons?
Figure 13: Global titanium cost curve, 2018, about 7.5 million tons of global titanium powder production, about 59 million-6 million tons of production, based on the first 6 million tons of energy produced by tronox.
The cost curve is described as full cost in the amount of $1,400/t; the company collected $10.05 billion in 2018 and had a total operating cost of $80.0 billion, which is a comparison of the full cost of the company ' s titanium powder in 2018 at approximately $1650/t. 1.3 titanium-based gas lanes are more favourable than the company ' s expanded cost advantage.
Existing titanium mineral volumes and demand are basically balanced, with future supply and demand gaps. In the future, existing mineral production will decrease as reserves and grade decline. According to iluka and tzmi, the waste content of the mineral resources under exploration is increasing, while the concentration of diamonds/steams is declining, so that, on the one hand, future titanium supply will shrink according to existing capacity, and the unit cost will increase, and the unit cost of titanium raw materials per unit of iluka will increase.
It has risen for two years, and Kenmare expects the flat cost of titanium raw materials to rise since 2019. Keto expects the overall supply of and demand for titanium mines in 2019, the balance between Eastern financial and intellectual resources, and the overall supply of titanium (high grade + low grade) has declined since then, and the overall demand for titanium raw materials is expected to increase by 2.3%, compared to titanium raw materials.
The 2.3 per cent increase in demand was not optimistic, as 90 per cent of titanium mines were used for titanium powder production, while the long-cycle demand for titanium powder matched the global 3 per cent increase in gdp over the long week period.
Figure 15: The overall supply of titanium raw materials (high grade + low grade) after 2019 is expected to decline, with the overall demand for titanium material expected to grow at a rate of 2.3 per cent. iluka is projected to be a critical point for supply and demand of high grade titanium mines in 2019, based on the expansion of the future chlorination method over sulphuric acid, which is high over the next five years
The average annual increase in the demand for titanium grade mines is about 5 per cent. Production of high-grade chlorinated material will decline from 2019, taking into account only new projects for which funding is available and assuming stable capacity utilization at upgraded facilities, while production of high-grade chlorinated material will increase at an average annual rate of only about 1 per cent over the next five years, assuming a 75 per cent utilization of idle titanium slag.
Figure 16: The supply threshold for high-grade titanium feedstock is projected to begin in 2019. Figure 17: Even if idle capacity restarts at 75 per cent start-up, future high-grade feedstock supply should increase by 1 per cent per year, still below the 5 per cent annual high-grade feedstock demand increase
According to Kenmare, the global supply deficit for major mines since 2015 is due mainly to the accumulation of excess reservoirs in the previous cycle, and so far the market supply and demand have been balanced, but the supply of existing mines will be reduced by the depletion of stocks.
From the capital spending of the global titanium dragon, only luka had more visible capital spending in 2018, and several others were like titanium.
The material sector, Tenor and Kenmare, despite their increased capital spending, are generally still in the category of investments that maintain depreciation; by reference to historical capital spending and production relationships, it can be seen that high yields lag largely behind capital spending for about three to six years and largely correspond to the length of the mining investment-mining cycle; thus, global titanium deposits are expected to fall both ways over the next three to five years as a result of existing mineral yields and a capital input vacuum.
In the first half of 2019, the company will decide whether or not to continue the project.
Overall, the overall price hub for the future titanium powder raw material will be raised by inadequate supply, thereby raising the overall cost and price of the titanium powder industry. Integrated titanium powder enterprises with titanium mineral resources will benefit. The company currently has 800,000 tons of titanium concentrate washing capacity and is one of the few titanium-rich enterprises in the country to own; among these, the future supply and demand of high-quality chlorinated raw materials will be accentuated by the future supply and demand of high-quality chlorinated materials, and the price of red diamonds is expected to rise more than lower.
The price of titanium is likely to increase further the cost advantage if the company goes beyond the technology of localization of titanium-based powder and succeeds in industrialization. 1.4 The localization of chlorinated titanium-based powder is key to the company’s future cost control.
The titanium slag is an important ingredient in the production of titanium powder and sponge titanium, and the demand for titanium slags has increased in recent years as domestic and international demand for titanium powder and titanium titanium has increased. How titanium slags with a high titanium 2 content have been obtained through further processing of titanium mines has become the key to controlling the cost of chlorination.
The titanium slag, which is also known as “high titanium slag”: titanium slag with a mass score of 70% to 85% titanium2 is soluble in sulphuric acid and titanium powder can be prepared using sulfuric acid, which is known as acid soluble titanium slag;
The main rationale for the smelting of titanium slags in electric furnaces is that selective reduction of iron to monomer but limited removal of other impurities, generally more than 90 per cent, requires that the non-iron impurities in titanium mines be smaller than a certain range (less than 7 per cent), that most of the iron ore in the country be of a low grade and that they are not suitable for use in high titanium smelting, and that additional steps to pure non-iron impurities also increase costs;
Mature titanium slag smelting is not the basis for localization of the chlorinated titanium powder raw materials alone, for the integration of the chlorinated industrial chain, and for the optimization of the process of sulphate titanium powder. Production of titanium powder from acid soluble titanium slag can reduce the amount of sulphate, save the iron powder, reduce the original process, reduce the sulphate by-products, and save the crystallized separation process and reduce energy consumption.
Figure 23: High titanium slag production process flow chart, the source of financial prosperity in the East, looking at the localization of the chlorinated titanium powder raw material through the company ' s production of chlorinated titanium slag technology by closing down low-grade titanium mines.
Extending to the most upstream titanium concentrates, helping to maintain and expand the company’s cost advantages, and guaranteeing stability in the supply of raw materials. * Due to the requirements of titanium chloride for the purity and impurities of titanium dioxide, some of the primary mines (alluvials) overseas are of high grade and low impurities and are more compatible with the production of titanium chloride: while domestic minerals (rock mines) can be produced, they are home-grown because of their own grade and impurities.
The cost of producing titanium chloride is high, so the company's raw materials are essentially purchased from overseas. The company's original chlorination phase of 60,000 tons of plant raw material was purchased from abroad (e.g., LLuka, Australia).In May 2018, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Twilight Government, which plans to invest $5 billion over the next five years in the development of the Cyclops Magnetite resource.
In January 2019, the company concluded an agreement with the Finnish company Otutute to cooperate in the upgrading of the titanium chloride process. In February 2019, the company agreed with the Canton of Chuanxi Salt and adopted a board bill in April to invest $1.51 billion in a new 500,000 tons titanium mineral upgrading conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project, which will result in 300,000 tons of annual chlorine titanium production capacity (by 200,000 tons).
The company’s 300,000-ton chlorinated titanium slag project is promising, even in extreme conservative circumstances, if it fails to break through the local low-grade rock mine’s low-yielding techniques of producing chlorinated titanium slag, it can choose to convert the soluble titanium slag to sulphuric acid production.
Figure 24: In recent years, the company has gradually moved from expanding titanium mining capacity to smelting and smelting for titanium + titanium slag, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
On June 19, 2019, the government signed a strategic cooperation framework for the purchase of a new stable titanium.
The government signed an investment agreement to invest 2 billion dollars in the new titanium industry to complete the business transformation and buy the Sichuan dragon industry, Son.
The company's dragon python mines have been upgraded by 500,000 tons of titanium concentrate to convert the chlorinated titanium slag production line, which is even more registered in Yunnan's new titanium mine.
Every year we buy 100,000 titanium, 600,000 tons of titanium from flower minerals, and we buy Sichuan iron.
A powdered device, equipped with a product of 300,000 tonnes/year chlorine slag for titanium, 5 million tonnes of titanium, high titanium slag production.
Mines + washing, tons of titanium concentrate, reductive titanium and synthetic magnesium
Production of powder and sponge titanium, 28 May 2018, signed with the City of Twilight, 23 January 2019, signed strategic cooperation with the City of Otunnu, Finland
On 8 April 2019, the Board of Trustees considered the proposed investment of 50.5 million tons of titanium climbing ore for the conversion of chlorinated titanium slag over the next five years through the construction of the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement.
It's a deal to re-establish alluvial titanium ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
Project on integrated source use, titanium ore upgrading and chlorination of titanium slag, management of the python ore, total investment, ore cleaning, production capacity, etc.
Production of titanium chloride on a scale-based basis, phase 15.100 billion, product size: annual production of titanium chloride slags optimized and coupled with the production of titanium chloride in rock ore concentrate.
Implementation of technological innovation and industrialization projects in batches and efficient recovery of high-value elements such as thorium, thorium, 300,000 tons of material and 200,000 tons of high-quality iron.
2. The high barriers to chlorination cut the market for titanium powder, with companies taking the lead in large-scaleization, with a significant pre-emptive advantage, 2.1 chlorination versus sulphuric acid in product quality, integrated energy consumption and environmentally sound emissions Overview of processes: mature global titanium powder production processes are mainly sulfuric acid and chlorination. The process started in 1918.
The process of chlorination is much shorter than that of sulphuric acid, using titanium-rich materials, such as natural gold ore, man-made gold ore, titanium or ugs.
Treatment of high-quality titanium powder. Figure 25: Comparison of the chlorination process with the sulphate process
Production consumption: titanium chloride production costs are higher than sulphate, sulphate requirements are lower for raw materials, cheap titanium concentrate and coal are available for feedstock use, chlorination is more stringent for the quality of raw materials and requires high-priced and high-quality titanium-rich materials, oil coke, etc. Environmental emissions: sulphate process is long, complex and complex, and because impurities in the reaction process have to be removed through the water-washing process
High levels of water use, high levels of “three waste” emissions and high costs of environmental governance; chlorination using high-grade gold or titanium slags as feedstocks has resulted in relatively low levels of “three waste” emissions, but there are still hazards in the production process and relatively difficult waste management, particularly the disposal and management of heavy metal chlorinated substances, which are bottlenecks to the successful implementation of the chlorination process.
Energy consumption comparisons: Both theoretical energy consumption and product combined energy use have a clear advantage over sulphuric acid. In product life cycles, including energy consumption from high titanium smelting, the combined energy consumption advantage from high titanium slag is reduced.
Production costs are comparable: the production costs of the sulphate process are low, mainly because of the low prices of the raw materials used; the chlorination method is based on stringent requirements for the raw materials.
In terms of investment costs, the cost of investing in the titanium chloride process is higher than that of sulphuric acid. The sulfate process and equipment are simple and simple to replicate, with technology investing about 90 million yuan per ton of titanium sulfate; the chlorinated titanium process and equipment are complex and technically difficult, with about 200 million yuan per ton of titanium chloride, and the depreciation of the chlorination method is higher than the sulfate method because of domestic environmental stress.
The total cost of the sulfate industry's environmental facilities will be increased to some extent by a sudden increase.In aggregate comparison, the titanium powder chlorination process is significantly superior to the sulfate method in terms of production methods, material consumption, combined energy consumption, emissions and product quality, but less difficult than the sulfate method in terms of technical difficulties, process control, equipment requirements, waste disposal difficulties and production costs.
There is no doubt that shortcomings have also created higher technical barriers to high-end titanium powder, favouring the preservation of industry patterns and leadership advantage; it is worth mentioning that the high cost of titanium powder chloride, combined with the high cost of selling it, is more profitable than the sulfuric acid method in general.
The company 002601 reported that it had been 65 years since the first industrialization process, but it was still very difficult to industrialization.
oxidation is a key stage in the legal titanium process of chlorination, whereas the oxidizer reactor is the core technology and equipment of the process, and the structure of the oxidizer is related to the mix of gas streams, the scariness of the reactor and the quality of the product.
In industrial production, better coordination between increased material mixing and containment of scarring and scar removal is the core difficulty of the chlorination process. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is the emergence of an industrialization.
The quick and even mixing of o2 and ticl4, the treatment of the oxidizer scar, and the morphological control of the particles that generate the base material are the key issues in the oxidation process, where the scarring and treatment of the oxidizers are the most important factors limiting the continuous stabilization of the oxidizers and, in turn, determining the size of the individual production capacity. Mechanical scar removal, multi-hole walling, air-screening, sand-spraying are the main current methods of scar removal, among which the air-scene and sand-spray processes are relatively high.
Advanced, but with their own weaknesses, one method alone does not produce good results on the scale of the tons of tons of industrial production, requiring multiple scar removal methods to be used together to stabilize operations over a long period of time. The technology of oxidation in kimum is in the ear of the world’s cow, mainly because its oxidizers are designed to take effective scar protection and scar removal measures into account.
The long-cycle operation of the oxidizer, with a single-line capacity of up to 200,000 tonnes/year, and the strict control of the particle size, particle shape and particle size distribution of the finished tii4 semi-oxidation product tio2, using the unique p&q technology, is high in product quality, representing the highest level of chlorination technology.  National oxidizers usually operate for more than three weeks, but there is still one compared to the 6-7 weeks operating cycle of the foreign oxidizers.
Disparities: Even if the target gas is 30 m/s, it is still difficult to clear the scalded scar, and the lack of effective scavenging is the root cause of the short operating cycle of the oxidizer, which results in the current under-release of the domestic chlorination device, which is currently more than 60,000 tonnes/year old than most chlorinated devices in the country.
The first thing to do is to get rid of the scar. Whether or not we have the scars of a mature, large-scale single-line device, the technology to remove the scar determines whether the company will be able to achieve a stable level of production of its intended capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year, the company has accumulated for many years in one phase of 60,000 tonnes/year, and Yunnan's 60,000-year device uses spray sand + airscreens.
The acquisition of Yunnan’s new profits from further technological convergence and optimization, and the gradual release of the company’s second-phase production capacity. Table 15: Different methods of scar removal, comparison of scar protection, the source of financial prosperity in the East
East Hing Securities Insight Report Long Python Pelican (002601) reports: Global Cost Lead, Large Chlorine National Breakout National Lead
Colum, Titan, the most researched method in the country and abroad, especially in the early years.
Noss, Tecon, Germany, Jinzhou, factory, cloud.
In addition to the high technical barriers of the chlorination law itself, the continued technical blockade of the country by overseas leaders is also domestic chlorination.
The state-of-the-art chlorination technology is highly monopolized abroad, and the exchange of relevant talent is strictly blocked. Dubon, Kost, Tenor, the most advanced chlorination technology in the world, but its key core technology has never been transferred to anyone, including China, since the 1990s.
This possibility has been eliminated by numerous discussions with Dubon companies on the transfer of chlorinated titanium powder, particularly in the period 2013-2014, following a technical property dispute between our company and Dubon, which has now been built in the country and operated through technical advice and self-indigestion (development) without a package.
The new titanium industry, for example, through digestion, absorption, and substantial re-innovation, has broken through large-scale continuous slag boiling chlorination, mineral oil refining, high temperature rapid oxidation, scar-proofing, and high concentration packages.
Technologies such as membrane and tri-waste treatment have resulted in the national production of key equipment such as titanium tetrachloride pumps, Rotze wind machines, titanium tetrachloride and long-cycle steady operation of boiling chlorine and oxidation, indicating that the key technology has been largely broken and that the failure to meet the production criteria was due to the fact that some of the technical details are not yet well developed.
The scale of single-line capacity is no less than the level of tronox, cristal, vonator, and kronos, and it is only a fraction of the distance from Chemours. The size of single-line capacity can be seen as an indication of the state of the chlorination technology and, if successful, of the company’s breakthrough in the manufacture of critical equipment and long-term steady operation, signaling that its chlorination technology level is on the world line.
The industrial policy of titanium powder can simply be summarized as encouraging chlorination, conditional restrictions on sulphuric acid: environmental policy includes, among other things, the People of China.
Policy regulations such as the Environmental Protection Act of the Republic, the Guidance System for the Evaluation of Inorganic Paint Cleaner Production, the Inorganic Paint Industrial Pollutant Emission Criteria, and the Energy Use Limits for titanium powder monotonized products, followed by the Directory of Guidance for Industrial Restructuring (2005 version) which encourages the production of titanium powder by chlorination, and limits the production line of titanium powder by sulphate.
After the quality of the products met international standards, except for the combined use of waste acids and sub-iron and the achievement of the target emissions, the catalogue (2013 amendment) adjusted the above policy to: encourage single-line production capacity of 30,000 t/a and above, and the production of chlorinated titanium powder, which is based on a titanium-rich material of up to 90 per cent of titanium dioxide (man-made red stone, natural gold red stone, high titanium slag); and limit the construction of a new sulphate titanium powder project.
More specifically, the Twelfth Five-Year Plan for the Integrated Use of Resources and Industrial Bases calls for: the expansion of the titanium powder sulphate industry with 501,000 and more; the production of single-line installations with an annual production capacity of 31 million and above; the design of the installations to meet the technical requirements for cleaner production; the construction of sulphate preparation units, as well as waste acid and iron integrated utilization devices, with 83 per cent titanium recovery; and the establishment of a new titanium powder chlorination facility.
Modular 60,000 t and above, producing single-line devices with capacity of 30,000 t and above, encouraging the construction and expansion of new and expanded chlorinated titanium powder projects with large-scale chlor-alkali installations and construction of empty sub-devices, with a titanium recovery rate of 92%.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Long Python Barley (002601), reports that cost is a global leader, large-scale chlorination is a national failure, and industry and environmental policy regulations have contributed significantly to the health development of the country's titanium industry. On the one hand, the industry is currently free of nuclear titanium.
For some of the new sulphuric acid projects that had been announced before, less continued under the multiple pressures of the low outlook (2016), environmental protection (2016), the rest opted to abandon and, more importantly, put on hold; on the other hand, the policy orientation also accelerated the integration of the domestic titanium powder industry, with industry policies specifying a size of less than 50,000 tons and single-line loading.
While titanium powder companies with less than 30,000 tons are not allowed to expand, in recent years the environmental costs of the industry have generally increased by 500 to 1,000 yuan per tonne, and 50,000 tons of regulations have been largely based on the industry’s profit-and-loss points, so small-scale devices can neither release scale effects through the expansion, nor gain profits from the existing environment, or are withdrawn or integrated.
Healthy development of industry, particularly in the lead enterprises with chlorination technology, environmental advantages, and expansion capabilities, continues to expand. 2.4 Technology, product substitution, has led to a degree of fragmentation between the domestic and overseas markets, and we observe the price of foreign titanium powder by importing titanium powder, which can be found on average for about eight years from September 2011 to the present.
About US$ 2840/t, the average price of domestic titanium powder is about US$ 2030/t, and the price of foreign titanium powder is about US$ 810/tt (which can be verified from a comparison of the unit prices of the taps in Table 5) and is derived mainly from the fact that the process is dominated by the chlorination method, and the product-based ratio of the gold-carbon-type products is predominant and higher-end.
The price of titanium powder imported for most of the period up to 2011 is flat or slightly lower than the national price of titanium powder, due to the relatively small size of the country ' s total production of titanium powder prior to 2011 and the high level of net domestic imports of titanium powder, which also includes low levels of high school, while since 2011 domestic production has started to blow up, net imports have declined rapidly, and demand for low- and medium-end products is subject to domestic sulphate devices.
The import unit price began to be significantly higher than the domestic unit price, as a result of self-indigestion, with imported products largely meeting the demand for high-end products that could not be produced domestically. Second, foreign titanium prices fluctuated significantly less than domestic, with foreign titanium prices running at $2,500 to $3,500 per ton.
On the other hand, it has benefited from the higher concentration of foreign markets, the degree of binding of lead and downstream paint manufacturers. Figure 26: Changes in price differentials between national production and imported titanium powder. Figure 27: Net imports converted to net exports starting in 2010
There is no doubt that the process of majorizing the chlorination of companies in the East is to tear apart the domestic and foreign, lower-middle-end and high-end titanium markets, and the company is officially entering the mid-to-high-end markets, and the market as a whole will move from fragmentation to integration. It is expected that the price differentials between the domestic and foreign markets will decrease.
The end-market competition will be somewhat more intense, and the price of the new entrants ' chlorination products is not expected to reach the original price of the sulphate product at $800~1,000/tonne, based on the price of the domestic titanium industry, where the new entrants are expected to be priced at the price of the sulphate product at around $500/t; and the level of competition in the lower- and middle-end market (sulphate supply) is expected to be taken over by the chlorination method at the level of demand.
Some of the effects of demand, but with little additional capacity on the supply side, the price difference with the chlorination method is expected to be reduced. For corporate profitability, the current chlorination unit of the company’s 60,000-ton device is largely in line with the sulphuric acid method, for example in 2018.
The impact costs of the device, such as depreciation of investments, will be reduced by about $1,000 per ton, and the single ton of Maori will be increased to about $7,500 per ton, followed by a further increase in the localization of titanium slag raw materials if it breaks through chlorination.2.5 The domestic chlorination approach is at a major industrialization point, with companies pre-empting it.
The company is the only listed company in the country with the ability to produce titanium chloride, and one of the few companies that have both the acid sulfate and the chlorination laws, and the first in the country to large-scale chlorination (one-line production capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year). The company’s 2nd edition of this year’s 200,000 tonnes/year of production will mean that the company leads the country’s chlorination laws across large industrialization points, while the acquisition and technological integration of the Yunnan New titanium industry will continue to strengthen the company.
The strategic planning and growth path is clear, with the resumption and expansion of the tons of tonnes, the Yunnan New Devices, with the company ' s total chlorination capacity of 400,000 tonnes/year after completion, with a total capacity of more than 1 million tonnes/year.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Long Python Pelican (002601) reports that cost is a global leader, large-scale chlorination is a domestic failure.
For a long time, there has been a marked and growing gap between the size of the offshore tap Chemours and the single-line devices of the other taps, suggesting that the large-scaleization of the chlorination device is no less difficult than that of the chlorination method itself, that the company is the leader of the domestic chlorination scheme, and that the first single-line production and start-up of the chlorination method is one of the important indicators of technological and industrialization standards, and that the chlorination device already in production in the country is one of the key indicators for measuring the level of technology and industrialization.
In China, only companies, such as Yunnan, whose single-line capacity is at the same level as that of the company, have been in production for about a year before it was acquired by the company, while the Jinzhou titanium industry, which has been able to stabilize its work, has a single-line capacity of only 15,000 tons and 30,000 tons, while in 2017, with a single-line capacity of only 30,000 tons, it produced only 25,000 tons in 2017 and 18,000 tons in 2018:
The company ' s test car for the first line of the second phase of the 2nd phase of the chlorination device, which has now reached 60-70 per cent after the spring of this year, is expected to be tested for the third quarter of the second line and will be the country ' s first large-scale chlorination facility to achieve a single-line capacity of 100,000 tons, with a further gap with the same industry. At the same time, the company ' s chlorination method is significantly lower than its domestic counterparts, as a result of its investment in the unit, see table 3, table 3, section 1.1.2.
Cost advantages, followed by plans to scale up to 100,000 tons of equipment for 60,000 tons in the first phase and 60,000 tons in Yunnan, will be further expanded in size and cost advantages:
But the shortest period of time for all but the company to complete production is still four to five years, and the Tianhara group's three-year period is to build to test the car, and there is no full production disclosure. As a result, large-scale chlorination is still generally practised in the country, and the technology is not fully mature, but only in the hands of a small number of companies represented by the company, and in the next few years it will be truly marketable, except for companies.
3. The supply and demand patterns are orderly and cost-consistency, and the high concentration of mergers runs through industry.
3.1 Global supply growth has slowed, and long-term demand growth has been more stable. 3.1.1 Capital spending on offshore flagships has continued to be low, with new supply based only on domestic capacity of about 7.5 million tons of total global titanium powder production in 2018, requiring about 5.9 million tons, 60 per cent of which is concentrated in high-performance paints/high-end paints.
Higher, the world’s top six titanium plants together accounted for 60% of the total. During 2012-2016, as a result of the expansion of domestic industry capacity, which led to global supply upswings, increased industrial competition and continued low prices, foreign leaders not only abandoned the expansion of capacity, but also continued the contraction of titanium powder operations; and, as a follow-up, the titanium powder landscape of the current round since the second half of 2016 has been largely the result of domestic supply-side reforms + abroad.
Strategic contractions + domestic real estate phase improvements + United States-represented economies are better, and since supply factors are the more important dominant factor, the price boom in this round has not led to an expansion of the foreign flagship option (only Chemours announced a 10% increase in capacity through bottlenecks over the next few years) and a preference for heating between the dragons (tronox buys cristal). Thus, the supply of subsequent global titanium continues to depend on domestic supply.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources can see that the titanium powder boom from 2009 to 2011 did trigger a certain increase in capital spending capacity in 2011 - 2014 by overseas leaders, including Chemours, Kronos and tronox, but due to new domestic trends during the same period.
The surge in production capacity has led to a significant excess of supply, and the outlook has continued to decline from 2012 to 2016, during which period the performance of the various poles has declined. The current foreign-sea tap mentality has changed somewhat, and the rise in 2016 – two consecutive years in mid-2018 – has not supported companies’ ebitda profit margins, and has not led to expansion plans for overseas taps.
chemours, which has been growing steadily for almost two years since the bottom of capital spending in 2016, but which further splits the capital spread of the different sub-sectors, can be seen in the continued decline to date of less than $100 million per year after capital spending on titanium powder operations peaked in 2014 and the expansion of the Mexican plant (in 2016), with the company ' s overall depreciation amortization amounting to $300 million per year, with a clear expansion plan for the next few years.
*Tronox & Cristal, capital expenditure has been significantly reduced from 2016 to 2018, at an average annual rate of around $100 million, not enough to maintain depreciation amortization, during which company work was concentrated on the acquisition and stripping of alkali-based companies, the acquisition of Cristal was completed in April 2019, and the main focus of the next few years has been post-merger and acquisitions aimed at optimizing business integration and reducing costs:
Relocation of the differential product device after the fire at the titanium powder factory in the year (the titanium powder device was evaluated and closed and the rest relocated), which will continue until 2022.
Figure 34: Ebitdamargin compared to the year of the overseas tap, while the only additional supply to the domestic supply is a 200,000-tonne/post-disposal device for nuclear titanium, which is expected to be operational by mid-year, based on its production target of 285,000 tons in 2019, with an increase in the annualized product of nuclear titanium.
33*1.05-20=150,000 tonnes (about 1.05 tonnes of titanium powder per ton of rough processed refined) after which no new domestic devices are being built; and for chlorination, about 600,000 tonnes of new production are currently counted, of which 240,000 tonnes are from companies (not including clouds), as detailed in table 18 of section 2.2.5, but given the process difficulties, it is expected that businesses other than companies, especially for the first time, will be able to do so.
Enterprises involved in the chlorinated titanium industry, whose construction cycle is expected to be longer, less likely than expected, or even more likely to be stranded, are unlikely to deliver their products effectively to the market during the expected period, so that the additional domestic supply is largely based on companies. 3.1.2 titanium powder as a white pigment is not an alternative, and the growth in long-term demand is stable to match the global gdp.
titanium powder, as one of the most colorful and irreplaceable white paints, has a high demand associated with the growth of the global housing, commercial construction and packaging markets The source of financial prosperity in the East: global demand for titanium powder in the long run is proportional to global growth of gdp, but may be demand for titanium powder in a medium term or year
Not at the same rate as in gdp, mainly because of the relative change in the level of titanium powder stocks of downstream customers. After two years of demand, the stock of titanium powder chains was replenished and the inventory was removed in 2018. In the long run, it is expected that future global annual demand for titanium powder will increase at the same rate as the gdp in the long term.
3.1.3 Unlike the market, where short-term real estate needs are flattened by the completion of construction and are not overly pessimistic, the market is more concerned about the short-term demand for titanium powder due to the downturn in the domestic real estate industry, we believe that, unlike pvc tubes, pure alkali glass, etc., which are used for pre-construction, closer to the site ' s post-natal cycle, titanium powder is close to the end of construction and more to the end of construction:
• The exterior/building area of the property industry building is usually = 0.62:1, while the interior/construction area = 2.62:1:1, i.e., the interior wall is more than four times the outer wall's area, regardless of the difference in the amount of coating used for the interior and interior walls, which is also expected to be about four times the amount of coatings expected to be used for the exterior walls, and there is no doubt that the interior wall's coatings are usually done before, after and after the sale of the house and more closely to the end of the construction, and therefore are associated with pvc and pure alkaline
(a) The demand for titanium powder, which is influenced mainly by new start-ups and completions;
In addition, from stock levels in overseas real estate markets to a certain degree, there will be a peak of two renovations, which will require re-painting, titanium. The demand for re-painting in overseas mature real estate markets is as high as 70 to 75 per cent, which facilitates the rapid fluctuations in demand for ironing paint; and domestic construction.
The year’s small cycle spans, meaning that the country’s 2009 commodity house sales peak may be followed by a surge in demand for re-colouring. East’s financial booms have reached the marginal cost line of 3.2 domestic titanium prices, and the industry does not currently have the basis for a price war.
In terms of marginal costs, there is very limited scope for a further decline in domestic titanium prices: in terms of price and price differentials, 2015 was the lowest year for titanium powder, and 2016 was the second lowest year; in terms of listed companies, the company and China titanium were high-quality industrial output, and the Kimura titanium industry and Anada were close to high-cost production (close to but below marginal cost capacity) as industries.
The source of financial growth in the East, marginal cost capacity; we've increased the price difference from titanium powder tax by $2,100 per ton in 2016 and 2019 q1, and the profitability of the high-quality productive capacity of the industry represented by titanium, which is represented by the Kimura titanium industry and Anada.
Māori rates and net interest rates for 2019q1 are not higher than in 2016, with net interest rates of only 3-4%, and it can be expected that most of the non-listed, small-scale enterprises in the industry are struggling on the profit-and-loss balance line in the first quarter of this year: since then, firms under strong environmental pressure in the country have increased their environmental investment and operating costs in order to secure stable start-up, as a result of which companies and China have increased their costs.
White-speaking industry ' s high-quality production capacity had previously been adequate and less affected in parks and environmental kits: compared to 2016 and 2019q1, the cost of raw materials increased by about $1,100 per tonne in titanium powder due to the increase in the price of titanium concentrate, and reference to table 5 in section 1.1.5, the cost of titanium industry and Annada gross increased by about 2300 - 2,500 yuan per tonne, indicating the increased costs associated with the addition of additional environmental facilities and environmental operations
In summary, the supply-side reforms of the past three years, the environmentalization of production has allowed the re-engineering of industry patterns and the steepening of the cost curve, explaining why price differentials have risen significantly, while the marginal productivity of the industry is almost equal to the industry’s bottom line. In the follow-up to the outlook, the current industry pattern has been significantly different from 2015-2016, with production and inventory at a time of low growth in multiple cycles.
Dots, production capacity, land demand at a peak, and current industry supply increases are largely constrained by sulfate policy orientation and high technical barriers to chlorination, which are largely concentrated in corporate leaders, supply and demand patterns tend to be orderly, the industry does not have a basis for price warfare at a low rate of supply, and the current price margin of $11,500 per tonne is limited (if the price falls to $11,000 per tonne)
The rise and significant expansion of China ' s sulphate approach were at the heart of the last price battle: global titanium powder production grew by about 1 million tons between 2011 and 2016, almost all of which came from within the country, taking into account the occasional withdrawal of foreign capacity during the period, the actual addition of more than 1 million tons of capacity, and the growing wealth of the East.
Listed enterprises, with successive years of losses, have lost the momentum of expansion for a large number of industry participants, such as the strategic shift from Anada to iron phosphate, lithium, and the proposed acquisition by the titanium industry of ancient fibre tracks for the military fibre-optic industry;
(a) New construction restrictions on force, sulphuric acid, small-scale, uncertain additions to chlorination outside the company, no significant expansion of offshore taps, no need for price warfare;
The output of less than 50,000 tons of surplus/loss balance line will continue to exit. 3.3 Industry integration has been the main melody in the titanium industry. 3.3.1 Industry integration has never stopped, and companies and Tenor have opened a new round of concentration in the industry.
The development of the global titanium industry is basically the history of the merger of the transnational titanium powder giants, whose integration has never stopped, and which has always been the titanium powder industry. From a global perspective, global concentration has declined since 2005 to 2010 from more than 70 per cent of the previous boom in the domestic titanium industry between 2005 and 2015.
This level fell to 59 per cent, and by 2014 fell further to 54 per cent, the most dispersed period in the history of the global titanium industry. It was also a period of gradual fragmentation of the domestic titanium market with overseas markets, with a marked stratification of products, with domestic titanium prices falling from 23,500 to the lowest of 10,000 ton between 2011 and 2015, while overseas markets fell by 57 per cent because of their high concentration prices.
In the process of continuous integration, the number of large overseas titanium powder companies has gradually declined, and the completion of the acquisition of Koster by Tenor in April 2019 marks a reduction from five to four of them, a steady increase in the concentration of overseas production capacity, and an estimated 80 per cent of the overseas capacity of the four offshore taps, which is equivalent to a monopoly on the entire titanium powder overseas market, has been priced more than domestic titanium at historical prices.
The price of powder has been more stable; if the company ' s second phase of chlorination is ready to go into production in 2019, after the acquisition of Koster by Tenor, and the company ' s acquisition of Yunnan, then the global cr6 will rise to 60 per cent, reversing the decline in global concentration;
In follow-up, the concentration of the domestic titanium market is still quite different from that of the overseas world, and based on overseas experience, it is expected that the acquisition of Sichuan dragons, Yunnan Xinjiang and China's nuclear titanium-free titanium is only the beginning of centralization in the domestic titanium industry: companies have industrial chains, products, technology, qualifications and financial advantages, and are undoubtedly the most beneficial beneficiaries of domestic integration.
Figure 38: Global titanium powder industry integration at the end of the 1990s to the present
Lobster Barley (002601) reported that cost is a global leader, large-scale domestic collapse of the chlorination law.
1999.4 Hensmeyer acquired the original 2008.7, Coster 2019.4, Tenor completed the acquisition of Coste,
Bhair titanium in Germany, the British Imperial Chemical ici titanium powder for bemax in Australia.
2012.6, Lockwood, about $1.1 billion to buy Locke, has announced a takeover of Jiangxi.
2015.7 Dupont's done. Steakster's money. Resource, bemax.
The TNT joint venture subsidiary, Wood's functional auxiliaries and titanium.
For more than two years, Tenor has a capacity of 1078,000 tons, entering the titanium powder business and becoming a
Sakibin acquired the crenox powder business, which became the titanium powder industry in 2014.
The world's second largest, the world's five major patterns; the world's third largest, ici, exited, completed in October.
Eight went up to the fifth-largest production union, and one leap into stone, gold and red.
The company's independence, the former Kossai American factory, 245,000 tons, has formed eight major foreign patterns.
Upstream production like stone can pull Baylor out of the third largest production in the world.
The white industry pattern is formed from the English flag of Inios 2017.8, Hensmeyer.
In 1998, U.S.C. acquired France. 2008.6. Camilla, Finland. 2008.10. Cos.
2013.2 Camilla will be 2019.6, the dragon pelican buying the titanium powder industry under the na-planck flag.
Mickey bought international titanium for titanium powder, titanium for titanium, and titanium for Lockwood.
The new titanium industry in Yunnan, the energy package, combined capacity will reach 560,000.
Sean Metz, the subsidiary, the powder company, the whole of itp, sold it to Lockwood.
I'm the son-in-law of the plus business.
The capacity rises to 75,000, the tano stripping, the independence, and the creation of a new joint venture company, Sachi.
De, Camilla is out of the business, buying no titanium, tons, in the fourth largest titanium in the world.
Svenator splits the ton of sponge titanium from the third to the second.
Self-employed, global powder industry, September 2016. Rona Planck quit.
Comecke: Kerrmcgee, U.S.A.: mic, Rona-Planck: rhone-poulene, Semminz: thann-mulhouse, imperial chemical titanium powder: icidioxide, Kost: Cristal, Kemira, Finland: kemira, Lockwood: rockwood, sachtleben, International Tartarin: itp, Hensma: huntsman, Dubon: dupont, Kemours: Chemours, Ryucali: lemonbllion
Table 22: Sustained increase in overseas concentration, global concentration following the 2011 - 2015 domestic production peak and the company ' s acquisition of dragons in 2016. Figure 39: Historical price of overseas titanium powder stabilized in 2000 - 2010
3.3.2 The high concentration of the industry benefits from price or profit stability, starting with horizontal comparisons: titanium powder, mdi, pvc, pure platinum are selected and more representative, together with large-scale foundationalization of the post-natal cycle where the historical price volatility is compared and the underlying causes are explored.
The concentration of the industry itself, and the differences in relative concentration upstream and downstream. Compared to these products, the price volatility of titanium powder is significantly lower than that of other varieties, especially between 2005 and 2010.
Of these varieties, titanium powder and mdi have significantly higher industrial concentrations than pvc and pure alkaline, mdi has more than 85% global crr, titanium powder has more than 50% global crr. (after tronox's acquisition of Cristal), pvc and pure alkaline because they are not priced globally as well as global production.
The reasons why data are difficult to quantify are only domestic concentrations, only 35 per cent for pure alkali 5, 22 per cent for pvc and only 22 per cent for lower industry concentrations, which are one of the major causes of high price volatility for pure alkali and pvc: we believe that titanium powder and mdi are represented in high barriers, high concentrations, non-substitutable industries (mdi, titanium powder chloride)
Two lines of industry: high concentration leads to overprofits in the industry and costs high price volatility, such as mdi; or low price volatility, or costs significant overprofits, such as titanium powder, which translates the industry into the former. Although the mdi sector is highly concentrated, because of its high profitability and high growth in demand, there is often competition rather than a cooperative dynamic between the leading players and the supply-level merger.
A small group, and a high rate of cyclical expansion in the supply of the industry, which leads to high profits for mdi, coupled with a strong cyclicality, emphasizes that high concentrations are more profitable than high prices and high profits, but are not sufficient: unlike mdi, the industry is less concentrated than the mdi industry, but it is already a mature industry abroad, and global demand is growing at a very high rate.
The annual average of roe 8.6 per cent (compared to an average of roe 28.2 per cent in nearly 13 years of HDW and about 25 per cent overseas; and an average of roe 6.8 per cent in the CBE industry), with fewer competitions and lower overprofits, the supply-side poles are more numerous than the industry ' s merger restructuring strategy, so that the cycle of titanium powder industry, especially short-term fluctuations, has been significantly ironed.
Figure 40: The history of monthly prices of the different majors of basic chemicals compared vertically up and down in order to understand why the titanium powder industry is more concentrated than downstream but is not able to achieve the same stability and higher profitability downstream:
From the concentration of upper-to-down comparison industries in the titanium mine- titanium powder-painting industry chain, it can be seen that global titanium mine cr. 56% (lluka, riotinto, tronox, cristal and kenmare), global titanium powder cr 5 55% (based on the completion of the purchase of cristal, as a result of the stripping of the Ashtabula factory in the United States), while the global paint industry is fragmented, with the top five producers accounting for only 25% of the global market share in 2017 and the rest of the market.
The price of titanium powder and titanium mine has historically been marked by price movements in titanium, often lagging behind in titanium powder, due mainly to the difference in concentration between the two, where 90% of titanium is used for titanium powder manufacture, which is heavily dependent on demand.
An average of 6 per cent vs 12 per cent have been withheld since 2006; An average of 24 per cent has been withheld since 2006 by the coating tap appg industry, which is significantly higher than the titanium powder industry (an average of 24 per cent vs 12 per cent since 2006) and less cyclical and stable, while the concentration in the paint industry is not higher than titanium powder (cr 525 per cent).
vs. 55%): This is due to the fact that the paints are closer to the end of consumption, and their downstream customer builders are less concentrated, leading to a greater bargaining power and easier prices to pass. The paint industry, because of its extremely dispersed downstream properties, actually has a higher "relative concentration" than titanium powder:
Overall, product prices and profitability are the result of a combination of multiple factors, such as changes in industry cyclicality and concentration, and do not explain the differences in price and profitability by comparing single concentration differences, but where other variables are relevant, the increase in concentration in one ' s own industry is favourable. Figure 41: Differences in profitability between upstream titanium mines, middle-stream titanium powder and downstream paint from the historical average of iluka, kronos and pg
4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Medium chlorination product sales were 13.4, 26.4 and 32.0 million tonnes, respectively: it was assumed that the price of chlorinated products after withholding value-added tax was 2,500 yuan/ton higher than the price of sulphuric acid products, and the average sales price of corporate titanium powder was 14628, 15031 and 15551 tons for 2019-2021;
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East assumes that the one-ton cost of a 60 ton chlorination device in one phase would be $1800/ton higher than the sulphuric acid method, and the second 200,000 ton lower than the one-ton cost of a second chlorination device, and that the one-ton cost of a first-stage device would decrease with the change of 6 to 10 tons.
(a) The company has become the world's lowest-cost titanium powder company, and the improved sulphatic acid system relies on resource endowments that are not easy to replicate, and titanium-material landscapes have been added to the public's efforts to promote the localization of the chlorinated titanium slag material, which will maintain or even increase the cost advantage;
(a) The overall climate of the price track, with some degree of independence, for the industry as a whole: the global low supply rate, the high concentration, which weakens the cyclical volatility of the industry, is the direct beneficiary of the industry integration melody, with the company and Tenor creating the convergence scene at home and abroad, respectively;
As a result, the company’s long-term growth to become the world’s leader in titanium powder maintains its “strongly recommended” rating. 5.1 The risk of a major expansion of energy from the overseas leader, Komumu, plans in 2002 to build a two million tons-a-year chlorinated titanium powder plant in Camp East, Shandong Province.
In November 2005, a formal agreement was signed with the municipality of Camp East, and in November 2007 the National Environmental Protection Agency adopted the EXA, a project that was identified by the former General Environmental Protection Agency as a model project for the disposal of waste from China’s chemical industry.
Some 60% of titanium ore is used as feedstock, which will consume more chlorine gas, produce more toxic waste, such as trichloride, and lower titanium ore contains more radioactive elements of uranium and thorium, rather than 80% of the titanium used in other plants in Dubon, although Dubon, faced with environmental challenges, says that it is “very safe, in 10,000 years, to pour heavy metal chlorinated waste into deep wells”.
The diffusion radius does not exceed 3,000 metres and meets US EPA standards.” But the Dupont East Project, which is located 13 km from the centre of Camp East, adjacent to the Bay of Lai, is 25 km north of the country's largest estuary delta nature reserve — the Yellow Delta wetland, where the Yellow River flows into the sea; the Eastern Battalion, which is also the site of the Victory Fields, is well-dry, and the injection of radioactive elements into the ground is bound to have an impact on the local environment.
Dupont also planned to set up a factory near the town of Mok Kong in the Taiwan coast, using the same process and the same raw materials, but was eventually forced to relocate and replace the higher-grade titanium ortium mines as raw materials because of opposition from the residents. The Eastern Battalion project failed to obtain the approval of the Ministry of Land Resources and the CSD, among others.
New provisions have also been introduced in the Directory (2011 edition) to encourage only “the production of chlorinated titanium powder from titanium dioxide containing not less than 90 per cent of the rich titanium (artificial gold, acrylic diamonds, high titanium slags).” According to Chief Executive Officer Markvergnano in Shanghai recently, the company is considering increasing the capacity of titanium powder, and is currently looking for convergences.
At the right moment and in the right place, China is also one of the options for creating a titanium powder factory in Komum, but the company has not yet made a final decision; we judge that there has been a change in domestic attitudes towards the low-grade titanium chloride process, and that the completion of Tenor’s acquisition of Kost poses a threat to the first global leader in Komum. Whether or not to build new production capacity is uncertain and there is a risk that global supply will grow faster than expected.
5.2 The risk of significant releases from new domestic chlorination devices is currently being generated by a number of companies that claim to build new chlorinated titanium powder production capacity, including, in addition to the company, the Tianbara group, the Sino-Star electron, the steel-climbing industry, the Lubei Golden Sea titanium industry, and the formerly claimed expansion of the Jinzhou titanium industry and this practice, and thus the risk of significant releases from the domestic chlorination device.
The analysis in section 2.2.5 shows that: (1) the construction of chlorinated devices usually has a much higher production cycle than expected, especially since many of the above-mentioned enterprises are involved in the titanium powder industry for the first time: (2) even if they do, the operation of chlorinated devices will be more difficult to stabilize. Reference is made to this practice and the former Yunnan titanium industry: (3) chlorinated devices will be no less difficult to large than the chlorination method itself, and the technology of the lobster monomer is 100,000 tons with other enterprises.
The technology gap of up to 60,000 tons per unit is still significant. Thus, there is a risk of industrialization of chlorination in the country, but the risk is relatively high compared to 5.3 financial leverage, 1.8 billion dollars, and the acquisition of 880 million dollars for the new titanium industry in Yunnan, while subsequent companies are expected to continue to have larger capital expenditures: for example, the Xiangyanglong pygmy in the south.
The county is expected to invest about $2 billion in the expansion of titanium powder and its attachments, and the dragon smelt is expected to invest 1.5 billion yuan in the construction of 300,000 tons of titanium chloride slag devices (Strategic Cooperation Agreement for Tightening: cumulative investment of 5 billion over the next five years), 6 conversions to 10 in the first phase of Caramel, and new chlorination in Yunnan to sustain the project investment of about $1.5 billion per year, making it less risky for financial leverage to increase significantly.
The East's source of wealth and wisdom, the Dragon Pythal (002601) company reports: a global leader in costs, a large-scale domestic collapse of the chlorination system.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Qinghua University, Master of Chemical Engineering, Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 3 years of experience in chemical industries, research in the chemical industry since 2015.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa Witness, Ohio State University, United States of America, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Qinghua University's Department of Chemical Engineering, and formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.