The Chinese titanium dioxide company is still in the growth phase, with the first coverage rated the purchase of an initiation dragon python beryllium in a favourable position in the global titanium dioxide (tio2) market.
White paint, widely used in paints, plastics, silicons, etc. Dragon plywood is the world's third largest supplier of titanium dioxide at a lower cost and a stable profit margin, which will lead to sustained growth in production and an increase in market share, thereby contributing to corporate profitability.
Low-cost titanium dioxide producer, with a material advantage: titanium dioxide production costs for a dragon apes are connected 3 months a day: rmb131.8 mn/$19.2mn near the low end of the global production curve as companies integrate vertically (more than 50 per cent of the raw material)
Chenachemicals from the dry company ' s own titanium mine, the relative co-worker ' s advantage in size and the relative recycling of resources, whether the lease is included in the net liability and the value of the business:no
All right. The dragon apes are well positioned to benefit from China’s potential convergence of titanium dioxide supply.
The unit will be re-evaluated when it makes a profit. We see that 80% of the distribution rate of the python is indicated by the expected rate of return of 7%.
Income statement (rmmmn)
Plummary lomonbillions (lomon) Waslistion theshenzhenstockexchangein 2011, andis
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The company has 865 ktpaofio2capability (540 ktsulfate process; 325 ktchloride process), representingc.9%ofglobalcapability.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, gevenitshigh-qualityoutputandtable process-andwithitsfocussonchloridetio2productsspecialization and adaptation,weseeupsideformoforlomon'schloridetio2aspovertime.oftermultiple
We've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Henanandthe60kchloridetinyunnan (justacquired), lomonsaiditwillstart re-configuringitsexisting 60ktphase 1 chlorideunitinhenan (to100kt) andmightstart anewgreenfield project (100-200kt), Potentiallyinhenan/sichuan/yunnan.aswellas
Ornicgroveth, lomonhasmentationistitsinterestinbookingforacquilificationtargets, even thatsomeexistingsmallertio2producersareinteredinexititthemarket.thisin linewititstargetofrowingcapacitationfrom 600kt (2018) to 1,150ktwithintreeyearns
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00FF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF00} {\cHFFFFFF00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00}7% of davidendield (at 75%)
blendedaverageebitdatoderivea12-monthpricetargetorfrmb19.0, whichimplies catalysts:webelievestocksouldre-rateaslomon'snewcapabilitygrothis
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Increase (inseptem)mightsobeanear-termcatalyst. keyriss: low-than-expectedtio2pricees; worse-than-expectedutilisation_new chlorideplants; insufficientfeedstocksupplyforchlodio2; regulatorychangeson
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
technologies: sulfate process(mainlyinchinina)andchlorideprocess(mainlyoutside china). Thesulfate processusesilmenite (acommoniron-titaniumoxide) ashemajor feedstock, plussulfuricacid.thechloride processusesrutileorpurerore (higher)
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Asppg, nipponpaintandakzonobel.
I don't know, globaltio 2 demandandsupply note: thesulfatetio 2plantslistaboveweapprovedbeforethebanwas announded.
Teo2marketoutook: sumply/demandbroadlybalanced overall,weseetti02sumpplyrising,thoughnewcapabilitywillbepartlyoffsetsome
I'm sorry, mallerformswhoreusingsulfatetechnologyexitingthebusiness.demandooksflat mostshouldestable, with all the lymodestinfladies (weexpectgradualincreasin ilmeniteprices).
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, sofatetio 2plants.however, delaystochloridetio 2plantcommissionmentsand ramp-upschebleshavebenmonithepast.new-comershavetedtobuild smallerplantsfirstfixing,beforeming furtherlartiervements.moreover,there
I mean, there's been a lot of work going on about 10% of the occhina'capacitationhasper-unitcapabilitybelow 50ktandover10yearsof
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
If you want to be a part of the world, then you can be a part of the world, and you can't be a part of it.
Note: the sulfatetio2plantslistabovewereapprovedbeforethebanon newnewapprovals. sinemostofchina'stitaniumreservereintheformofilmenite (lowergradeand)
Cheapetitaniumores instaadofrutilile (highercontentation), chinahassofarfocused (002601.sz) ontheteio2sulfateproduceprocess(itnowaccountsforc. 90%ofchina's)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Great (gse: 3% inthesameperiod). Forchina,weassumeio2demandfor2019to beflatyoy,toaccentfortheyear-to-dateweaktio2demandlowerpropertygfa soldvs.lastyyear.weforeastcastmandgrovethcoullnormalizefromexttyar,backto
Chart 13: Chinatio2 ProductionMainlyusedforcoatingand plasticapplicationss chinatio2downstreamapplications (asof 2017)
Pyramid (002601.sz) india, others, 46%
Acoustic platinum (002601.sz) costs -undercontrol titaniumore (mainlyilmenite)accumuntsforabout 15%oflomon'stio2'sproduction
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Theyareabletocontrolthecostof makingsulfatio 2ataroundb12-13k/ton, with chloridetio2generallylmb1-2k more effective,i.e. atrm13k-14k/ton.
I'm going to go to modestlyin 2020/2011e.rutilereservicestoigh-concentration titaniums (95-97 per cent),feedstockforchlodio2plants.ilmenitehasalow
Concentrationofofio 2 (50-60%), andisfeedstockforsulfatetio2plants.lomonmainly importschlorideslagforthechloridetio2unitifothereinsufficients domestallyinchinchina.paulyoungforeastsagradualinreaseinilmeniteprices, at
Pics-chinaoutbookremainschallenginginnearterm china's domestictio 2priceshavefallenby 8% year-to-date, fromc.rmb 17,000/ton
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Upstream (andwiillacaccountforc.80kfinalsupplyin2019basedonthethecoorporates, inventoryfortio2islightlyherhermentormal, andwehavenotet seeingnysignalsofdemandreveryoratetotestockingatwesawinmarch)
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna be able to do that, but I'm not gonna be able to do that, but I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, okay.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you're talking about.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Globaltio2demandandsupply note: applicationdemand=production-netexports
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Lom'scostleadershipsboostmarketshare
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
People; itisjustbehindchemours, thegloballeader. lomonwaslistontheshenzhenstockexhangein 2011, andisspelizedintheproductionandsaleofio2, with over 30yearsoftio2operationalexperience-we
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but you're going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
(lomonacquired 98.39% obyunnanxiliinjune 2019). Thecompanynowhas865ktpa oftio2capability (540ktsulfateprocess; 325kchlorideprocess), representingc.9%of globalcapability.
If the feedstockforitstio2 production, with othercoming mainly fother partsofchina, australiaandafrica.
Forthenewlyacquiredyunnanxinlitio 2pant, itcoudtakesome(easilyoversix months)tore-starttheproduceprocessablesubflurodidetio2.that
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Peres.wenetateveninatoughtio2cyclee.g.over 2013-14, lomonbillions (pre-merger) stillachieved Grossmarginsofabout 22%.
Weaselbuteitsbettercoststructureto 1)Betterplantegradmentyroughlyrecyclelingof by-products; 2) scalebenefitsvs.smallerchinesesulteproducers; and 3) sublyof titaniumtromitsownmines (at 50%). Forinstance, othereccleidwasteadproduced
From the secretiatio2proceduralprocessoresoldtonehboringplants (other competitorsmightneedtoopayforformstohandletheirwasteacid).
Chart 33: lomon'stio2ebitdamargin(2018)comesthird vs.globalpeers
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Growthpotentialthroughconstitution {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF}Gevenitslowcostbase.itisrowingitsowncapability, and
I don't know what you're talking about, also in the marketforconstitution offices. irisalsookingtoownmoreofiesfeedstocks, whilealsideversifyingitsapplications.orgicgrovethtogainmarketketshare
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
You can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it, you can't have it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, inorganicgrovethformarketconstitutioned theirinterestingforaccuracytargets, inventive hatesome existingtio2producersareinteredinitiatingthemarket.onthechlorideside,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it, either.
Inordertoichietsproductiontargetsinlinewidance withguidance, lomonneedstorampupup itsnewhenphase2200ktchloridetio2unitandtheacquiredyunnan60kchloride tiio2unitin2h19and1h20. the companynyisalsoplanningtodebottenecktheexisting
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Instead. assuch, iftheyweretoexpand, twouldletobeinsichuanoraryunnan areas, wheremostofchina'stitaniumoreislocated.
The company hasbeenactivelyookingtobuytanimoreassetsglobaltoprovide
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Wethinklomon'sexpansionitaniumspongeandtitanianalilloyisarial move, Butnotaneasyone (announcedinmay2019). Themovebooksinternationalbause withelpsdiversify thedownstreamshopmorexibilityintheproduction
I don't know what you're talking about, planning process.however,thetitaniumalloymarket (mediumtolowend)isfullof titaniummineplayers, and marginsarelow.wethinkthemarketforhigh-endtitaniumalloys (e.g. usedinaneerospaceindustries)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
00201.sz vinaciallsandvaluations incommercialation
I don't know, growth: 18% and 20% of weforecastlomonwillpostrevenueandebitdacarsof, specifically, during 2019-2021e, Mainlydrivenbythe 20% Salesvolumegrafter commissioningnewtio2units.
Margins: Weexpectthedio2markettobellargelybalanced, with utilization improving slightlyin 2020eand2021e (basedonthechinatio2supply/demandoutbook) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Python beryllium beryllium: lomonbillionshasasalidbalancesheet, with whatweseeashealthy
I'm sorry, leverage (c. 20% netdebttoequity). Werecastagradualdeclineineinearingasthe cashreturnsstarttoimprovedcapexstabilizesatbilim 1bnpain202020/2011e. roe:weexpectagradualpick-upintrotofactorthecommissioningo
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know, of the yunnanchloridetio 2businstinjune) and theantostayatrump1bnpaduring 2020-21etofundnewchloridetio 2plants. dividend: weforecastlomon'sstrengcastflowandfilefileandballancescheduleddbe
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's not: tronoxandkronos Numbersarebesedonbloombergconsensus.
Python python (002601.sz) python python (002601.sz) valuations
Our12-monthpricetargetofrmb19.0isbasedon7.5xforwardev/ebitda (appliedto estimateoflomon'swacc).
establishedchemicalscompanies, constientwitthourlobalandregionalmethodology. ourtargetmultipleof 7.5xisconstientwiththeaverageev/ebitdasince2016, the yaarofthemergerbetweenzomonandbillions.weapplytheaveragemultipleaswe
Notetherrentio 2priceisatheemedianvelvelsince2016. Thestockstrappingbelowaverageev/ebitda, p/eandp/blevelssince202016, in our view partybycause themarketlacksconfidencemomoncansubaccessfulcampuptheir
Newchloridetio 2 capacitologyontime.otherealsoconcernsaroundtheproperty maretrecoverysincidentmonthsbassedongfasolddatapoints.
Chart 48: Lomon'slocalandglobalpeerscomparison (002601.sz) Keyriskfactors
Tio2pricees (-/+):lower-/higher-than-expectedtio2pricesduesupply/demand demand(drivenmainlybythepropertycycle).upsiderswouldinclude downer-than-expectedrampofnewchinatio2supplies, and furthersupply
: lomonsnewchloride capacityadditionsmightfacepotentialdelaysandproductionissues, whacharevery
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Inspectionfeedstocksforchloridetio 2 (-): chloridetio2requires high-concentrationtitumoresasfeedstock.lomonismbuildinganew ilmenite-to-titanium-slagconversionunit,tobecompletedin 2021,thatwillhelpsupply
Therequiredstockforitschloridetio2plant.anydelayin projectcompulsation couldmeanlomonhastosourcesfeedstockstromstromstrommetralsforalonger regulatorychanges(-):thedio2productionprocessishiglypolluting.forinstance,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, criticalinthedemand/supplelybalance.basedonothercentround sofgovernment supervisionsprovincesprovincesplantemissions, wesawnopplell-backingoverment movestobemoreenvironmentally.
: thechemicalsindustryisahigh-riskbusiness, handlinglotsof toxicandexplosivereals.
If you want to be a part of the world, it'll be a good thing to be a part of it.
The free floor (incladingmajorshareholders)
. foreignexchangerisk (-/+): about 50% oflomon'srevenueisfromtio2overseas sales (asof2018). similotototatchinatio2exports, insupliestoawiderangeof
It's not like we're going to have to do this, we're going to do this, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Incorporated the potentyattainscouncquired. Wettenassignan m&arakasameofscolingcompaniesundersourced coveroverfrom1to3, with 1presentingh (30%-50%) probabilityofthecompanybecominganaquistion
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
Industryattivessbasedonarrowing profitpoolasafoncasset expansion, revenuegroveth, orprofibilityprovement. withhiscontext,wehaveredlomonbillionsa"3"andweightourm&avalue
By0% (reventing the probabilityimplied bythisranking) with inourpricetarget methodogy. Chart 50: soumaryofm&ascore
Python pelican (002601.sz) appendix whatistio2?
Titaniumdioxide(tio2) isawhetipigmentwidelyusedinpints, plastics, papermaking, printinginks, etc. theglobaltio2industryhasbeendevevevevevedformorethanunded years, whilechina'stio2ndustrybeganin 1956.pigment-gradidio2productiononly
Startedinchinainthe 1980sand 1990s. chinanowplaysanimportoroleintheglobal tio2market (atc. 50%ofglobalcapability). thereareworemainproditiontechnologiesfortio2: sulfate process(mainlyinchinchina)
Hemajorfeedstock, plussulfurcid (convertedfrom sulfur).
80% orabove) ashemajorfeedstock, pluschlorinegas.rutilletio2hasbetter weatherabrityandopacity, makingitmoresutableforoutdoorcoatings, plastics, advancedpapercoatings, etc. thebiggestcustomersrethepaintandcoatingcoating
Instagrams, nipponpaint, adakzonobel. sincemostofchina'stitaniumrevesareintheformofolmenite (lowergradeand Cheapertitanimores) instaadofrutilile (higherconification), chinahassofofofofocused
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Othersarereeotherproductionsubspensionorunningatlowutilization. coatings, 69%
In addition, no part of my salary has been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, given that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. The increases, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Jooqin: Asian chemical industry: doomingoptics&chemical, henglipetrochemicalco., lomonbillionsgroup, rangshengpetrochemicalco., sinopechhanghai petrochemical(a), sinopechhanghaipetrochemical(h), tongkunggroupco., wanhuachemicalgroup, weihaiguangwei, yantaitayho
The statutory disclosure relating to the company does not disclose specific information on the following companies: lomonbillionsgroup (rmb14.09).
Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The Regional Investment Assessment Board manages the region’s strong buying or selling list, which will be based primarily on the size of the overall potential return and/or the likelihood of a return being realized.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.