In 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of $30,242 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.66 per cent over the same period.
Research assistant in the Hok Xiao Phosphate industry continued to suffer from high prices of raw materials, including crude oil, and the prices of corporate products increased significantly.
Of these, the company's main products, pta, dty,eva, acetylene, earns a share of the company's main product, "Big refining is about to come into production, Shrbang +24.06%, +26.72%. But the company's products and their downstream involve textiles, photovoltaics, engineering plastics.
The impact of macroeconomic fluctuations on key sectors of the national economy, such as food, is more pronounced and costly.
Bong Injected Active Propulsion 2021.10.29. Sub-products, pta, dty, eva, acetylonitrile, 6.89% respectively, Shrbang, Large Refining to Corporate Development.
In the second quarter of 2022, international oil prices went up, with Brent crude oil at an average price of $111.98 per barrel, an increase of 62.1%.
At the end of the product, polyesters, 2022q2, poy, fdy, dty, pta market, respectively.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. 21.15% of Ring +28.55%, 1.33% of single ton net profit in the market for acrylic acetylene.
As the company's major refining project, the first core master devices, such as 16 million tonnes/year smelting integration projects, were successfully launched in May 2022, marking the project's official launch.
In addition, the company plans to invest in the “10.9 million tonnes/year 2#ethanol” installation and the “40.25 million tonnes/year phenol/propone” installation, the full tons/year ethylene device, the 20.45 million/year posm device, the 11.25 million tonnes/year ppg installation.
The project is ahead in single-line size, production processes, market location, and, through the coordinated development of up-and-down business plates, has been able to capture the profits of the entire industry chain of “smelting-px-pta-plateing” and the whole industry chain of integrated layouts.
The level of profit is higher than the level of competition for individual products, while also enhancing firm bargaining power and resilience to risk and improving performance stability. In a context where the double carbon target poses a higher challenge for the petrochemical industry, rainbow refining is based on its higher energy use and lower unit capacity.
Consumption, intensity of consumption contributes to low-carbon co-development of the industrial chain, further enriching and deepening the structure of refined products by continuing downstream with projects such as deep-processed highs and phenols, taking full advantage of platforms for the scalability and integration of the industrial chains, and creating the “refining + finerifier” leader.
In 2021, after the company's merger and acquisition of S.A., it took the lead in the new material field to complete the entire industrial chain of refined and refined chemicals. S.I. was the leading in the current national photovoltaic area, which, as of the end of the reporting period, was in its possession.
300,000 tonnes per year of photovoltaic-scale eeva production, product performance and overall technology have been professionally evaluated and 200,000 tonnes per year of photovoltaic-grade eeva and 100,000 tonnes per year of thermal molten eeva devices have been installed, and will be able to achieve the eval of 1 million tonnes of capacity as the two carbon targets are proposed and implemented.
In addition, the company’s ability to contribute to the public sector’s profitability will be further highlighted by the rapid expansion of demand in new energy sectors, such as new energy sources, including the 800-ton Poe pilot project and the 20,000-ton ultra-molecular polyethylene project.
A test vehicle will be put in place by the end of this year, and the 100,000-ton blubber emulsion project, the degradation material project phase I (including 340,000-ton anhydride devices per year and 300,000-ton-bdo devices per year and 180,000-ton pbat devices per year) are in the pre-project phase.
Polyester fibres are highly competitive, and industry has a prominent advantage. As the world’s leading differential fibre producer, the company’s subsidiary countries have hundreds of differentiated compartmentalized varieties that provide full coverage of differentiated products on the market.
Simultaneous and overstepped, companies built deep technical barriers to production, and according to company disclosures, tons of regenerative fibre support and ballistics projects, a second phase of the country's hope move combined to produce more than 1 million tons per year.
In 2021, industrial concentration will be concentrated on leading firms, and product bargaining will gradually be held by leading firms.
In the context of the continuous strengthening of the inner core of the competition and the differentiation of deep farming, companies have long silk production capacity that is differentiated, high-end, high-value-added, and that will be accompanied by the continuous release of the company ' s productive capacity and its performance will \triangleright
The transaction will raise matching funds to cover the purchase of cash and liquidity in Srebonne, to replenish borrowing, to help companies reduce asset-liability rates, to improve capital structures, and to save operating costs, to improve risk-resistant capacity and to pool existing resources.
This increase does not have a substantial impact on corporate governance and equity structures. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2022-2024, with significant increases in corporate value following the contribution performance and spelt-in injections, respectively, and we maintain the company.
Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; the failure of the production capacity of the ester fibres to produce as much as expected; the risk of excess refining capacity; and the risk of a “carbon neutral” policy for significant additions to the petrochemical industry.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil fields, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. 2021 Hu Xiao Yi, assistant research assistant in the petrochemicals industry. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of South-West Finance, July 2022.
Liu Xing, a team member. Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Science, Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.