The Eastern Rainbows, the euphoria, the sermons, the sermons, the sermons, the Eastern Rainbows, six months ago.
Photovoltaic membrane demand is high, and the eva particle landscape is high. Shrbang, with 300,000 tons of capacity, is the world’s largest photovoltaic-eva producer. In the first half of 2022, the eva product grew by 4,144 million yuan, or 35.63 per cent, and the product’s gross profit was 1,781 million yuan, or 29.16 per cent.
According to the plan, the company will expand 700,000 tonnes of capacity in the future, including 3 sets of 200,000 tonnes/year photovolves, 1 set of 100,000 tonnes/year thermal melting systems, while the 800-ton poe test device under construction is scheduled to be launched in October.
In May 2022, the first core devices, such as the 16 million tonnes/year-long retrenchment distillation device, were launched successfully.
The Rainbow Refinement Project has the largest single set of normal pressure-relief devices in the country, their size and cost advantages are evident, and the future refining, polyester, and new material plate industries are fully integrated and are expected to develop in tandem.
The company’s dty polyester and acetylene operations generated $5,134 million and 3,969 million respectively, compared to the same year. Costs continued to rise during the first half of the year owing to the upturn in crude oil prices, while at the same time being subject to a slowdown in economic growth, low end consumption, high price differentials for products such as dty and acetylene, and significantly narrower prices for polyesters and acetylene during the same period last year.
The chemical industry is under short-term pressure and is expected to increase the atmosphere of polyesters and chemicals as domestic economic activity resumes in an orderly manner in the future and downstream demand improves.
East Rainbow: The Great Refinery Project is now in production, with many times the amount of new material.
The completion of the refining integration project has fallen short of expectations; the price of crude oil has fluctuated sharply; the economy has fallen sharply; and the market has qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.
Petroleum petrochemicals: refining and trade