The company was founded in 2009 and loaned in 2022.
Shell Prisming has been re-listed. The company has set up large-scale data centres at the park level in Kyoto and has expanded in such places as the Long Triangle, the Great Bay, the Pentecostal Economy, and Gansu, with a total of 56 data sets, about 290,000 flight cabinets, and the layout is in the lead of the country’s third party, idc, in recent years.
The industry climate is expected to rise as s09805100002 is catalytic. (1) “East & West” engineering advances, data centres continue to be built as core infrastructure; (2) operators accelerate the expansion of new business, capital, etc.
Based on this, the demand side of the idc is expected to warm, and the industry climate rises.
In terms of competition patterns, the domestic idc market consists mainly of telecommunication operators, third-party idc firms, and inter-connected producers. The share of telecommunications operators is currently highest; and third-party idc manufacturers have resources.
The company has the following competitive advantages: (1) the core nodes of the layout, their high size and their capacity to expand, and the efficient operation of assets under the operating model.
At the same time, companies have cost- and power-price advantages in the layout of the periphery of a front-line city. (2) Wholesale sales model depth-bound operators, guaranteed price and cash flow stability for 10-15 years, and high-quality end customers, such as bytes of resources, with the help of operators, also helped to save marketing costs. (3) Companies are in the process of doing so.
Fast-tracking of high-secret and liquid cooler applications is expected to increase the average capacity of the cabinets and benefit the development of the person. Not as fast as expected, competition in the idc industry has intensified.
The company was established in 2009 and since its inception, it has been operating a cluster of mega-standard data centres, and in 2010 it has invested formally in the construction of the Yunzawa International Information Port project.
The company is based on Kyunjin Jin-soo, Long Triangle Ping-hu, Huixiang and Huixiang in Hong Kong, the radiation industry, Chongqing and Gansu Lang, 56 data centres in the master plan layout, about 290,000 hangars, and a leading national data centre operator at the super-large campus level.
In 2022, the company borrowed Shell Prissing as the first stock on the business board. Its restructuring programme was specifically:
The monthly acronym changed to lunze technology and completed the listing of the shell. 50,000 hangars, 3 30,000 hangars and 1 14,000 hangars, far greater than industry, are the standard for megadata centres (of a size greater than 10,000 standard hangars).
Heart service provides data centre infrastructure services, mainly for telecommunications operators, large Internet companies, and selected national ministries. By 2022, the company had officially completed the production of about 46,000 cabinets, with over 90% of mature data.
The business model is wholesale, mainly in cooperation with telecommunications operators, and reduces self-employment. The company has a wholesale business model of more than 90% and is on the rise. According to company announcements, in January-October 2021, the company’s wholesale business was realized.
Internet producers such as Hwang, Kyeongdong, Fast Hand, USA and some government clients (e.g., NIC, DGMS, etc.), with bytes being the largest end-user of the company, with income over 21 years of stock structure concentrated, management focused on the main business
Corporate equity structure is concentrated. As of 2301, the company's owning 61.3% of the stock held by the company's owner, Yuzawa, through Kyoto; during the reorganization, the company introduced financial capital, such as safe, Chinese gold, capital, and the development of the communications industry. The company's own owning the company's communications business.
Rwasawa technology and the subsequent investment in the construction of the Yanze International Information Port project in the gallery have continued for more than 20 years. The rest of the management also have a strong industry background and experience.
Corporate performance has grown rapidly in recent years. In 2022, the company achieved operating income of $2.72 billion, a 33 per cent increase in the same year, and a net return of $1.20 billion, a 66 per cent increase in the same year. Between 2019 and 2022, the combined growth rate of corporate income and net return of profits was 40 per cent and 112 per cent, respectively, achieving rapid growth.
Continuing, income of 810 million yuan was achieved, compared with 32 per cent, and net return to the mother 300 million yuan, compared with 53 per cent. Figure 6: Corporate operating income (million yuan) and growth in relation to the year, figure 7: Net return to the company (million yuan) and growth in relation to the year
Figure 8: Company operating income for the single quarter (million yuan) and growth in the same year Figure 9: Corporate net profit return (million yuan) and growth in the same year
In terms of costs, the scale effect and the ability to finance have increased, and the financial cost rate has been lower. Major cost-rate companies have gradually been lower in recent years, with sales costs being consistently low due to a wholesale model of collaboration with operators.
Less than peers; R & D costs are mainly the remuneration of R & D staff and the use of the data centre machine room for R & D activities
Increased financing capacity, lower average interest rates on loans, and manageable interest charges. Speeding up the layout and construction of the national data centre. 56 data centres, approximately 290,000 cabinets, and delivery of the company ' s national layout, including the corridor a, long triangle, and the port of Hong Kong, Australia Bay, in 2023
At the level of the statements, the company’s fixed assets and construction work in progress have increased significantly to $23.1 billion, and the company’s fixed assets have increased to $6.82 billion. Performance commitments and equity incentives have led to growth and long-term growth confidence.
According to performance commitments, Yunzor’s 2021-2024 deduction was not a net return to the mother, and the continued push and performance commitment across the country demonstrated long-term corporate growth confidence in different dimensions.
The total cost of the first 1.831 million restricted shares awarded under this incentive is estimated to be about $260 million, and the digital economy and the ii have been catalyzed and the industry is expected to improve.
The data centre (idc: internetdatacenter), the Internet data centre, provides large-scale, high-quality, secure and professional server hosting, space rental, network bandwidth and operations such as the asp, ec, etc. for Internet content providers (icp), enterprises, government agencies, etc.
Historically, data centres, as the cornerstone of traffic, important vectors of computing power, have benefited from the expansion of computing power and flow over the last decade from the core of mobile interconnections, the growth of online traffic brought by the epidemic, and have experienced rapid development. Since this year, with the construction of East and West Counts and the emergence of new applications like the one in the one that has been assigned to industry.
New growth dynamics are expected to lead to a new upgrading of the industry. Flow demand scenes are expanding, and traditional idc demand is still growing. Mobile Internet traffic surges are the first wave to drive the idc industry.
Rapid growth. In 2018, applications such as mobile payments/go-and-gos/live video were rapidly spread and mobile Internet access traffic increased at a higher rate (year-on-year +189 per cent) as a result of the accelerated integration of various online and offline services, the innovation of mobile Internet operations was strongly driven.
In 2020, with the outbreak, a large number of down-the-road scenarios turned online, driving a second wave of high-speed growth in the industry.
Looking ahead, the traditional idc industry is expected to continue to grow. While the growth of mobile Internet is slowing, the process of industrial digitization will continue to catalyse the expansion of demand scenarios.
The market size of the traditional idc sector is expected to grow steadily over the next three years, with a combined growth rate of 14.5 per cent from 2021 to 2023, and is expected to exceed $216.5 billion in 2025, at a recovery rate of 17.2 per cent.
In terms of the number of racks, the size of the national data centre is expected to exceed 7.5 million in 2025. According to cdcc, there are 90.8 million in the north and 90.8 million in the south of the country, and more than 7.5 million in the future as the digital economy develops and flows increase.
With an average of about 58% of the country’s idc cabinets on board, it is expected that, with the appropriate pre-construction levels for infrastructure, the overall level of industry occupancy is expected to remain at that level. Digital economic policy supports increased investment by operators in cloud networks.
The data centre is an important infrastructure investment element in the construction of the digital economy. The data centre, as the cornerstone of the flow, is an important carrier of computing power, the bottom infrastructure of the digital economy, and is one of the key investment links, one of the core indicators being the implementation of the East and West Count project.
The announcement that the spring festival will be followed by a central budget-based investment to support major projects in the new infrastructure sector is expected to rise. With the expansion of the eight major computing hubs in Kyunjin, Long Triangular, Hong Kong, Australasia, Chengjing, and Guizhou, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, and Ningxia, the cloudy industrial landscape is expected to rise.
The three main operators, on the one hand, and in conjunction with the implementation of the national “East and West accounting” project, on the other hand, in terms of planned capital spending in 2023, have made a clear trend towards a more sophisticated and more ambitious investment:
China ' s move: the company plans capital spending in 2023 in a way that is inclined to be numeracy and capability, with \triangleright projected to invest 180,000 units in 2023, adding more than 40,000 idc units.
China Telecom: Companies plan to increase their industrial digital investment by 40 to 38 billion yuan in 23 years.
To create an industrial digital service platform with deep integration of cloud network capabilities + industry applications, the company plans to generate more than $100 billion in revenues from cloud operations over 23 years, and has worked with China's electronics, China's electricity department, China's Tung-tung and China's new company, China and others, to build its own initiative.
A national capital regulated cloud services, with sky-wing clouds entering a full commercial phase of 4.0. For 23 years, the company spent $19.5 billion (up to 6.2 eflops) on planning arithmetic, building a mid-level of arithmetic, covering over a million 2c/2h/2b clients, serving over 100 applications, ai and big data to be corporateized, fast-tracked.
China Connect: The company plans to spend 76.9 billion yuan on capital spending for 23 years, of which the network invests 14.9 billion yuan, compared to the \triangleright cities. The company keeps up with the digital base, based on large models, big data, high-calculation.
New opportunities for the digital economy. A catalytic new energy, and cloud company capital spending is expected to repair the chatgpt-led wave of global technology companies.
Large-scale language models. Large domestic and foreign factories publish ai products, such as Microsoft's Bupalm2 model; Amazonaaws' launch of the generation ai platform bedrock service; Meta's launch of llama, sam, mms, etc.
With the emergence of new applications, such as one, new growth dynamics have been given to the industry, which is expected to lead to an upgrading of the industry’s new cycle of construction. The IAC is a data centre serving artificial intelligence, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and computer science.
Needs such as in-depth learning, primarily gpu and other training chips, provide a larger calculation scale and faster calculation speed for the ai calculation, with the core requirement to increase the capacity and quality of the unit of time energy consumption.
The model parameters have reached 17.5 billion, and the gpt-4.0 model parameters have risen further. According to the Openai data, the arithmetic needs of the front-of-the-line training have increased exponentially -- doubling every 3.4 months. In the future, as the arithmetic scenario has grown, the computing requirements of the model are expected to show a sustained acceleration of growth, leading to a growth of the centres of excellence and intelligence centres.
We now have more than 20 centres of intelligence, which are expected to increase further in the future. By the end of 2021, we were using a data centre with a total of 5.2 million standard racks and 19 million data centre servers, with a total capacity of more than 140 eflops, exceeding that of super-large and large data centres.
450, more than 20 IACs, including cloud companies, i enterprises, governments, etc., typical numbers.
Arithmetic, which will make 9 eflops and 1.8 eflops above Google and Tesla the largest centre of intelligence in the world, can provide powerful intelligence computing services for big model training, autopilot, space geography, etc., for artificial intelligence exploration applications.
The new generation of artificial intelligence computing and empowerment platforms has a combined capacity of over 3700 pflops. The total investment is over RMB 5 billion, with 5,000 equivalent 8000w machine cabinets installed in one phase.
23,600 years of video processing. Nanjing's IQC has operated 8 billion computing times per second.
Using a wave-ai server computing unit to carry a thousand-hour voice-translation or 10,000-km automatic-drive-a-ai data-processing mission, the country’s Internet cloud giant capital expenditure is expected to bounce back.
On the basis of data from the three major cloud producers in Bat, 23q1bat capital expenditure is 2.5 billion yuan (same-73%); 23q1 capital expenditure is 4.4 billion (same-37%); 100% 2301 capital expenditure is 1.3 billion (same-35%).
At the same time, the distribution of domestic games has resumed, and applications such as short videos are expected to revive the traditional needs of Internet producers as they continue to develop. With this in mind, domestic investment in cloud plants is expected to pick up gradually.
(a) Competition patterns: Basic telecommunications operators predominate, third-party pattern headlines are concentrated, and China ' s share of the idc market continues to be dominated by three main basic telecommunications operators, with a cumulative 68 per cent market share for basic operators and a combined 32 per cent market share for third-party operators by the end of 2021;
Third-party idc operators competed in different ways: in 2021, in third-party idc, there were 7%, 4.9%, 2.4%, 2.3%, and 2.0% of Qin Qin Qin Qin data, Bosin software, etc. The third-party idc climate is expected to rise as demand recovers.
In 2021, the country ' s head third party, idc, delivered more than 490,000 of its total cabinets in 2021, and in the wake of the year-round changes in the speed of delivery and in the demand of its customers, the actual increase in the number of containers is expected to be about 150,000 for the head third party, idc, in 2023 (taking into account Yunzawa technology), each company.
The 23-year strategy for industry will focus on identifying specific project delivery against the needs of its clients, mainly by increasing the capacity of the stock cabinets to accommodate medium- and long-term client development needs, and increasing the opening of overseas markets. Table 10: Number and forecast of home head third party idc delivery machines (in thousands)
Total build-up, converted to 2.5 square metres of single-air cabinet space; due to the fact that Yuzi technology was not expected at the start of the year when the number of cabinets was projected, the comparison before and after the adjustment did not take into account the Yunzawa technology situation, the core area of the layout, the binding of the operator's clientele, the high competitiveness of the core regional campus-level data centre and its high profitability
The forward-looking layout corridor data centre and the nationwide expansion of the “East and West” hub have a regional advantage: (1) the forward-looking shop's international information port, which is scarce in supply and significant in size. idc, a Beijing Internet company, needs to thrive and, because of its inability to meet demand on the local supply side, pushes idc to spill over to the surrounding areas of Kyoto, such as the galleries.
Over the years, the data center’s pue test has become more stringent, and the company’s forward-looking layout of the gallery is scarce from the point of view of supply. More specifically, the company’s layout in the area of the gallery, with the Yunzawa International Port of Information officially invested in 2010 to plan the construction of 22 high-level data centres of about 1 million square metres, with a capacity of about 130,000 cabinets.
At the moment, some 70,000 hangars are about to be fully constructed in the nodal data centre area, a1-a8 of which has been delivered, and the nodal data centre area b will be launched in the course of the year. On balance, the node is at the top of the country. (2) In addition to the node, the company continues its core urban layout and expands the node of the “East and West” hub.
On the basis of Kyunjin Jin-soo, Long Triangle Ping Lake, Hong Kong, Australia's Grand Bay, Fushan, and Hue-zhou, the Division has been active in the five core regions, six major power nodes, 56 data centres, and about 290,000 aircraft cabinets in the “East and West count” countries.
A data centre in Cape, Huixiang, Australasia, and Fuoshan, the Penang Economic Circle, is about to complete the first phase of the construction, which will be officially delivered in 2023. The large campus-level data centre at the company’s hub site will be able to expand its capacity, contributing to an increase in power penetration.
The company focuses on the hub nodes, and the region is in high demand. And the company uses the large campus data centre as its core layout, which can expand its capacity, get up to speed, have more than 90% access to the company’s mature cabinets, and, at the same time, the company’s core node node node large data centre has a scale effect, creating low-cost advantages.
The company's Māori rate is higher than that of its peers and benefits from multiple influences: (1) self-investment, self-building, self-reliance, self-operation, and self-employment.
The company maintains a “self-infused, self-built, self-sustaining, self-carried” model, where infrastructure construction, such as power plants, piped networks, and later transport in the park have a self-building, self-sustaining and self-operational scale effect. As a result, the company is more efficient in investing and using its fixed assets;
At the same time, large data centres at the corporate campus level have a strong capacity to expand, while the wholesale model has benefited from direct collaboration with operators, and the rapid growth of company access has helped to raise Māori rates.
Figure 28: Comparison of income generated by depreciation per unit of industry in parts of the idc sector (in dollars) (2), first-line peri-urban area, has a cost advantage. The company’s layout is aimed at low-value areas, and the layout of the first-line peri-urban area has a cost advantage in terms of location and electricity prices.
The price of 1-10 kWh of electricity (including taxes) is 0.5192 kWh in the corridor area, and the price of electricity (including taxes) for industrial use in the suburb of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou cities is 1-10 kWh in the single-system level of electricity (including taxes) of 0.6246 kWh, 0.69 kWh (non-summer) and 0.6381 kWh, respectively.
The 2020 data simulation estimates the positive impact of the power price advantage of lune technology on the Māori rate of about 8 to 12 per cent compared to comparable business with comparable companies in the same industry.
The company uses a wholesale sales model, with deep-seated operators. The data centre industry model is divided mainly into a wholesale business model and a retail business model. The company uses a wholesale business model, with clients mainly from basic telecommunications operators such as China Telecommunications, China Connect and a long-term contract (the contract duration is normal).
The company’s new data centre projects, such as Pinghu and Fuoshan, have also concluded framework agreements with local operators to ensure the stability and continuity of subsequent revenues; end-users are of high quality, leading Internet and ict producers.
Core end-users include bytes, kyo, kyoto, fast-handed, American League, and some central ministry customers, with bytes beating up each year in the pick-up ratio.
Wholesale cooperation with operators and high-quality end-user resources can help to save marketing costs. A wholesale business model that is in-depthly tied to operators allows companies to focus on pre-design planning and construction and post-life operations management without having to expand the end-user itself, thereby reducing marketing costs.
Sales costs have been below 0.2 per cent in recent years, significantly below industry averages. In addition to sales costs, wholesalers, which are direct customers’ operators, pay back well to ensure that the net cash flow of the company’s operations remains positive.
Speed up the layout of high-secret cabinets and liquid cooler cabinets, which benefit the one who develops liquid cooling technology, which is expected to become the central centre of intelligence. The liquid cold radiator can be radiated by fluid flow and the internal surface of the radiator, which removes a large amount of heat, and which can be raised significantly compared to the normal wind cold radiator.
High-temperature cooling effects, mainly classified as coolboard and heat pipe (indirect liquid cooling) and spray, spray, immersion (direct liquid cooling). The application of liquid cooling is expected to accelerate due to the significant increase in the power of the IAC cabinets.
It is dominated by leachate cold. Given the size of the changes to the server and the combined cost, it is expected to be prioritized in the server ' s thermal density of 15-20kw phase due to relatively minor changes in the server ' s morphology, the cooling fluid chain is relatively low, and the environment is environmentally friendly.
Figure 34: Rationale for leachate cold work
The three operators jointly publish the White Paper on Liquid Cold Technologies for Telecommunications Operators, plus Rapid Liquid Cold Applications. In accordance with the White Paper guidelines, the three operators are required to have a rate of liquid cold penetration for the new data centre project.
10 per cent in 2024, 50 per cent in 2025, and we calculate that, under that guidance, the liquid cold market was empty in 2025 The white paper guidelines: the three major operators ' new data centre had a liquid cold permeability rate of 10 per cent in 2024 and a critical assumption of 2025: 2 assuming a liquid cold single-cell capacity of 8-10 kw and a single-air cabinet price of 0.8-10 million yuan/kw;
Key assumption 3: assuming an average capacity of 4 kw for wind cooling single cabinets at a cost of 0.5 million yuan/kw. The company is speeding up the use of high-secret machine cabinets and liquid cooler cabinets. The liquid cooler racks in the company ' s international information port a-7 data centre were officially operational at the end of October 2021, with a minimum capacity of 20 kw and a maximum power of 50 kw after.
The company will gradually upgrade the low-power machine cabinets, accelerate the promotion of high-secret and liquid cooler applications, and rapidly evolve to the Centre for Idea and the Centre for Super-Arithmetic to form a comprehensive computing centre integrated by the Data Centre, the Centre for Idea and the Centre for Super-Arithmetical Development.
The ratio, the speed ratio, is at the level of mobility in the industry, and the turnover days are at the upstream level in the industry, with better operational capacity, mainly due to the company ' s good repayments due to its business model, which operates in partnership with telecommunications operators.
From 2018 to 2301, the company's Māori rate and net interest rate levels benefited from the continued production of the company's data centre, the increase in the electricity rate, and the gradual release of the scale effect. The dollar, a 66% increase in the year-on-year ratio.
+32%, net profit on return of $330 million, compared with 53%. Following the gradual roll-out of the country, company performance is expected to continue to improve, and performance commitments and equity incentive targets highlight firm confidence in growth. Figure 43: Net profit on return of 2019-2301 contrasts with the rate of increase in net profit on return of the company.
In 2022, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations amounted to $1.79 billion, and the net cash position of the company ' s operations continued to improve, mainly as a result of the increase in the returns received during the year. The amount of $100 million in the year in which the company entered the country changed to $3.43 billion, mainly because it borrowed shell financing.
Operations idc: The company ' s master plan layout is 56 data centres, approximately 290,000 hangars, and in 23-25 years is in the process of continuous delivery and uphilling at the data centre. Among these, (1) the Kyoto area project master plan is 22, according to the centre, with 130,000 hangars. By the end of 2022, the company ' s porch area was officially operational.
46,000 aircraft and approximately 70,000 containers in sector a are about to be fully constructed and officially delivered in 2023; the corridor b building plan will also be launched in 2023, with a total of 60,000 containers planned for nine data centres. (2) Long Triangle (over-the-plan of 50,000 containers), Hong Kong, Australasia Bay (both Huezhou and Mount Fuo, combined regulations)
The data centre, which draws 60,000 cabinets, Chengjing Economic Circle (planning 30,000 cabinets), is about to complete its first phase of construction and will be officially delivered in 2023. (3) The Land State project plans for 14,000 cabinets, with a cap in May 2023.
At the same time, long-term collaboration with operators under the wholesale sales model of the company is expected to promote a steady rise in the prevalence of new input data, and subsequent growth is guaranteed by the JCMB contract. On the basis of the above-mentioned number of regions, Māori rates, as the data centre outside the gallery is being delivered, supply and demand patterns vary from one region to another.
Differences in prices and profitability, for example, in the Long Triangle, where profitability is weaker than in the galleries project; at the same time, there is also a climb-up process in the rate of access to the data centre, and short-term differences in the cost of the Māori rate of the new start-up project in the case of underbirth, assuming a steady return in the overall cost, with financial costs due to corporate financing
A sensitivity analysis of the profit forecast results, in which the growth rate and the cost of the optimist scenario increased by 5% respectively; and a pessimistic scenario, in which the rate of increase and cost decreased by 5% respectively. The sensitivity test results are as shown in the table:
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company’s reasonable starting year) three stages, using fcff valuations to reflect the company’s long-term growth value. In terms of cost rates, the cost of company sales is low in the context of wholesale sales models and joint operators;
In terms of R & D and management cost rates, it is assumed that the associated cost rates will decline steadily as scale effects are released.In terms of income tax rates, the company is a high-technology enterprise with a 15 per cent preferential tax rate on corporate income tax, while new equipment and appliances acquired by the company may be deducted from the calculation of the taxable income in full and on a one-time basis during the year, and
Allow 100 per cent credit before taxes; companies are part of the data centre energy efficiency improvement project, which conforms to the retrofit, and benefit from the policy of reducing corporate income tax by three-thirds by no more than 1.3 per cent, according to the central electricity use efficiency requirement.
In the case of capital cost assumptions, the average beta value of the company with unleveraging beta to idc for nearly 100 weeks is 1.0; the risk-free rate of return on the 10-year national debt is 2.65 per cent; the equity risk premium is 6 per cent of the annualized rate of return compared to the risk-free rate over the past year using the depth 300 index; and the cost of debt is 5.3 per cent.
This results in the calculation of a Wacccc rate of 9.04 per cent. Based on the above-mentioned main assumptions, the fcff valuation method was used, resulting in a sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation using the fcff valuation method and the reasonable value range of the company ' s share price.
The absolute valuation is sensitive to wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. The company is the leading park-level idc operator in the country, choosing idc and industry-listed companies as comparable public divisions for companies, including, inter alia, Aufi data, data harbours, new optical rings, Treasure Software, etc.:
UFO data (300738.sz): The company is a more influential professional idc service provider in South China, with high-quality Internet data in cities such as Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Beijing, Haiguchi, Nanning and Yoyo, and has important partnerships with China Telecom, China Connect, and China Mobile to provide customers.
In 2022, the company achieved operating income of $1.1 billion and a net return profit of 1.7 data ports (603881.sh): the company has been expanding since 2015 through continuous cooperation and expansion.
In 2022, the company as a whole achieved income of 1.46 billion yuan and a net return to its mother of 110 million yuan. • New Halo Network (300383.sz): the company ' s data centre operates in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Hebeiyan.
Seven cities and regions in the suburbs, Hunan Changsha, Zhejiangzhou and Xinjiang Urumqi formed a national strategic layout for the development of regional operations in China, China and West, with Beijing as the centre for radiation and the Sea as the center for the long-range radiation triangle and Changsha as the starting point. More than 48,000 cabinets have been put into operation and the project is fully operational.
The company achieved operating revenues of $7.190 billion in 2022. Treasure letter software (300383.sz): the new generation of information infrastructure in the company’s main business is run mainly by idc, and the company is actively involved in the construction of the national computing hub nodes and the national data centre industrial cluster.
Set up, to promote the construction, recruitment and operation of the Treasure Clouds, and the lunze technology idc operation, which has valuation methods such as iv/ebitda and pe for the industry, taking into account the greater profitability of the company in the a stockidc industry; and the company ' s profitability is also at the industry ' s leading level.
The impact of the larger value of Hong Kong is 39.29 times higher than the average of 23-24 years, and the company has a lower valuation than the company, which is the leading local garden-level data centre operator, will move from a single area of the gallery in 2023.
The country’s multi-campaign-level data centres move together to a new stage in contributing revenue, with sufficient growth dynamics, performance commitments, and equity incentives to guide development, with sufficient confidence in future growth. From a peg’s point of view, considering the company’s market position and better growth, for the first time, they are covered with an “enhanced” rating.
We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of a company ' s free cash flow calculations, weighted average capital cost (wacc) calculations, tv assumptions and the selection of comparable company valuation parameters over the next few years.
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a risk-free rate of 2.65 per cent and a risk premium of 6.0 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that there may still be low estimates or values for these parameters,
We assume that the company ' s tv growth rate of 3 per cent in the next 10 years. The industry in which the company is located is likely to make significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, and that the company ' s continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvalued company ' s valuation.
Relative valuation: we have selected the same or similar industry Idc manufacturers as the company ' s business, such as the Aufi data, data light, the new optical ring network, the Treasure News software, etc., as comparable companies, using the average of 2023 years as a reference for comparative valuations, taking into account the market position and growth of the company, and eventually giving it 23 years.
Māori overestimates the risk that the company’s forecast of profits over the next three years will be higher than actual. Cloud producers’ capital spending is not as high as expected.
Closely related, if cloud producers reduce capital spending due to business development, cost control, etc., they will have a negative impact on corporate development.
If ai does not develop as much as is expected, there will be an increased risk of market competition for corporate development if applications are not widely extended. If operator capital spending continues to tilt to the side of cloud networks and Internet producers build up their own data centres on a larger scale, there will be competition patterns and market space for third-party data centre operators.
Under the terms of the Performance Commitments Compensation Agreement signed between the listed company and the performing party, YunzerTechnology was excluded from the audited deductions in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024.
There is a risk that performance commitments will not be completed because the data centre will not be completed as quickly as expected, and not as fast as expected. The Māori rate is at risk of falling.
The impact of lower-than-expected rate increases, rising electricity prices, increased competition in the market, among other factors, the level or decline of the Māori rate, which affects the performance of the company, the risk of impairment of goodwill.
$14,268 million as a trade-off. The value added of the assets to be placed in this transaction is greater, with the potential to result in less than expected power penetration in the data centre and sales revenue for future years when macroeconomic fluctuations, changes in industry regulations or delays in the delivery of construction projects are not expected
Adverse effects, resulting in a discrepancy between the valuation of the assets to be placed and the actual situation, and the appearance of goodwill Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future