Qin line prices are expected to rise steadily, with a higher rate of dividends reported by the depth of the Qin railway.
Transport dollars, 80.2 per cent of operating income; passenger revenue recorded as $4.07 billion, representing operating income
The bulk of the goods delivered are power-driven coal, which is primarily responsible for the transportation of coal outside the provinces, such as Jin, Mon and Qing, and the company ' s delivery of goods and coal continues to occupy an important position in the national rail cargo market.
Among the three sections, namely, ports, roads, and railways, the Qin Railway has a long history of leading the industry in net operating cash. In 2022, the Qin Railway had a net operating cash position of $16.10 billion, ranking first among the above-mentioned three; and in 2022, the company had a dividends rate.
7.2%, the third of the three companies listed above. We believe that while the company ' s target period has been characterized by a stable dividends and higher dividends, the value of the company is more configurable.
The power of coal sources is expected to drive the Qin line to a high level of operation, and prices are expected to rise steadily.
The Ministry is relatively uneven, with production concentrated mainly in Shanxi, western Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi (known as the “tri-west” region), creating a supply and demand pattern for “North Coal South, West East Coal East” and creating a demand for coal transport based on the mismatch between coal-sourced and affordable areas.
In the Rhodes, the domestic coal production focus shifted in an orderly manner to the central and western regions, with the three provinces of Shanxi, Shaanxi and Inner Mongolia accounting for 72.0% of total coal production in 2022.
Large coal producers and companies maintain long-term and stable partnerships, and the advantages of coal sources are expected to continue to drive the Qin railway to keep coal transport high. (2) In contrast to the five main coal routes, we believe that the main routes are coal sources.
The combination of land and transport endpoints shows a certain mismatch, so the diversion of the other main routes to the Qin line is less affected. (3) At the policy end, policies such as the “public railway” are expected to continue to promote the integration of rail cargo in the country.
Competitiveness and market share in the transport system, as well as “carriage iron” in the territory where Qin railways operate, still have much scope. We believe that as policy continues, companies are expected to increase further.
In terms of shipping prices, our railway industry has a highly centralized, centrally directed transport management system, with a pricing model based on government pricing or government-directed prices. Currently, the company’s main cargo/tonne is kilometre, and the base price is up by 2.15% as the electricity surcharge is incorporated into the national iron flat.
Limitations are currently not fully operational, so companies still have the possibility to increase prices. As the overall cost structure of the company is more rigid, the Māori rate is less than expected as the crop is restored upwards; there are major changes in the energy structure; and there are larger “public-transit” policies.
Change; increased impact of the diversion of competitive lines.1 The iron main transport industry has grown steadily, with higher dividends highlighting the configuration of 1.1 in the last 20 years of its existence, with companies bearing the national energy security “barrel stone”
The company was originally created by the former Beijing Railways, in association with six other sponsors, to implement a re-establishment of the direct station on the road in March 2005.
After that, the former Beijing Railways Board became a separate division between the Beijing Railways Bureau and Taiwon Railways Bureau, and the controlling shareholders of the Great Qin Railway Road changed to Taiwon Railways Bureau. In order to open up further opportunities for growth, the Department acquired assets and shares in the Taihara Railways ' main transport industry in 2010.
As an integrated rail transport company, the Qin Railway has been entrusted with the country’s energy security “barrel stone” and is strategically located in the country’s “North Coal South” energy transport system.
1.2 In terms of the structure of ownership, the controlling owner is the Tianhara Railways, while the controlling person is the Chinese Railways. By the end of 2022, the effectively controlling owner, the Chinese Railways, owned the company.
62.69% of the stockholdings are concentrated. In addition, the Hong Kong Central Bank Company, the Credit Corporation and the Hebei Port Group hold 5.43%, 1.34% and 1.07% of the shares respectively, with a more stable overall structure and a larger shareholding than the pre-ranked shareholders.
In addition, companies are involved in railway companies such as the Hsing Railway, Tai Hing Railway, Tang Kong Railway, Schokhang Railway and Hoji Railway, with 92.50% of the shares respectively, and figure 1: The ownership of the Qin shares is effectively controlled by Chinese railways, with a concentrated equity structure (as of December 2022).
1.3 The company is based on railway freight and is resilient in the event of an epidemic of passenger traffic.
Car repair, etc., and commissioning of transport management services for Grand-Western High Steel, Jinsheu Railway, etc. In 2022, the company recorded a business income of $75.76 billion; of this, the freight business was the company business.
Direct liquidation has been replaced by a “carry liquidation” of the carrier's account, leading to a larger increase in the company's revenue on the same date in 2018.
Other shipments include large consignments of coke, steel, ore, as well as containers and bulk cargoes. With respect to the lines, the company controls railway lines such as Qin, Kitano, Nampo, Huxun, Hoszuki, Ishita, Tao, etc.
In June 2023, the company completed the delivery of 343 million tons of goods, accounting for 13.74 per cent of the national total of 2,497 million tons of goods delivered by rail, and 13.7 per cent of the total delivery of goods by rail.
17.76 per cent of 1,931 million tons; completion of coal delivery of 292 million tons, or 21.24 per cent of the national rail coal transmission of 1,375 million tons, or 1,053 billion tons of national railway coal transmission, a decrease of 5.8 per cent from the same year, mainly due to the effects of the epidemic in the fourth quarter;
In September 2023, Qin's shipment volume was 320 million tons, a 1.2 per cent decrease in the same year.
In the case of passenger transport, the company, which started many of the lines in the Terai, with a large equal number of thousands of people, dropped by 44.2% from the same year, and we believe that it was mainly due to the impact and impact of the epidemic. We believe that in 2023, as the impact of the epidemic subsided, the demand for travel was released in a concentrated manner.
Over the year, the company ' s passenger traffic is expected to be repaired to a greater degree, with 1,917,000 passengers transported in the first half of 2023, representing an increase of 92.8 per cent over the year.
At the cost end, the corporate operating costs are more rigid overall, with operating costs increasing by 44.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2018, mainly as a result of the company’s implementation of new freight clearance methods in the railway industry, resulting in a significant increase in revenues and costs.
Depreciation, freight service costs, etc... The two highest percentages of total operating costs are for personnel and freight service costs, with $20.97 billion recorded in 2022 and 172.3 respectively. The progress and expectations of the overall capital expenditure affected by the epidemic vary depending on the year 2022.
The capital expenditure of the division has passed its peak and the overall production has stabilized, and it is not expected that there will be capital spending plans in the future that will significantly exceed the annual average.
At the end of 2022, its cumulative size represented 92.8 per cent of the total fixed assets, and among the three sections, namely ports, roads and railways, the net operating cash of the Qin Railway remained industry leader for many years.
At $16.10 billion, the first of the three companies listed above. At the same time, the company accumulated a difference of $10.50 billion, which is expected to continue throughout 2023.
Promulgate clear plans for future shareholder returns, but based on a firm ' s stable share since the company was listed Red performance, the likely future ratio will continue to be higher, and therefore, in the current downward cycle, the firm ' s stable dividends and dividends will be more priced.
China ' s energy mix consists mainly of coal, oil, gas, hydropower, wind power and wind power.
According to the National Statistics Office, China's total energy consumption in 2022 was 541 million tons of standard coal, an increase of 2.9% over the same year; of this, coal consumption is about 30.4%.
Millions of tons of standard coal, an increase of 4.3 per cent in the same year, representing 56.2 per cent of total energy consumption. At present, I figure 14: Total energy consumption and coal consumption in China, 2000-2022. Figure 15: Coal consumption as a percentage of total energy consumption in China, 2000-2022
The proportion of coal consumption in the country (in millions of tons of standard coal) (in %) is the same as in 2016 for the sixth consecutive year.
In recent years, our share of clean energy consumption in total energy consumption has continued to grow, although the intensive development of clean energy is a key step towards achieving our goal of “double carbon”.
And the 14th Five-Year Industrial Green Development Plan, published by the National Ministry of Industry and Communications in 2021, also explicitly proposes to increase our clean energy use and consumption, but the primary role of coal in our energy system and ballast rock production are planned under the 14-Year Plan.
It won't change. For the longer term, the country is still in the process of industrialization, rapid urbanization, and total energy consumption is expected to increase, taking into account factors such as energy structure, geopolitics and extreme weather, and coal is stable in the country's energy security.
This is largely due to the fact that the demand for coal downstream is still strong. Coal owners are to be used in four major sectors: power generation, steel, building materials, and chemicals, where electricity is coal.
According to the China-China ITU data, by the end of 2022, the country had a capacity of 2.56 billion kilowatts, an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year, of which 1.33 billion kilowatts, or 2.7 per cent in the same year, represented 52.0 per cent of the total capacity.
At that time, according to data from the National Statistical Office, our electricity generation was still highly dependent on thermal power, which reached 884.81 billion kilowatt-hours in 2022, of which coal was the main fuel source of electricity, while its electricity generation rose to 5888.8 billion kilowatt-hours, approximately.
Figure 16: China ' s installed capacity for electricity generation, electric heaters, 2001-2022, Figure 17: China ' s electricity generation, thermal power generation, 2001-2022, 2001-2022
Capacity and the proportion of the coal chargers to total installed capacity (in thousands of kilowatts) (in millions of kilowatts), on the supply side, according to the National Statistical Office, China was able to produce as of the end of 2021
Total primary coal production was 4.27 billion tons, of which coal production was 2.90 billion tons. Coal production accounted for 67.9 per cent of total energy production. In 2022, total national energy production was 46.60 billion tons, representing an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period; coal production amounted to 4.56 billion tons.
In addition, the coal resources sector in the country is relatively uneven, with production concentrated mainly in Shanxi, West Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi (known as the “trixis” region), while coal consumption is mainly distributed.
In the eastern coastal region, in the southern part of the country, in particular in the Riviera Economic Circle, the Yangtze Delta and the Pearl River Delta, the coal industry has created a supply and demand pattern for “North Coal South, West Coal East”, and a misallocation between coal sources and consumption areas has created coal.
In addition, in accordance with the National Energy Agency ' s development strategy, the domestic production focus of coal shifted in an orderly manner to the central and western regions, with cumulative production accounting for 72.0 per cent of total coal production in the three provinces of Shanxi, Shaanxi and Inner Mongolia in 2022.
Figure 20: Coal production as a proportion of the top 10 regions in 2022 (Figure 21: Share of primary coal production as a proportion of total coal production in Shanxi, Shaanxi and Inner Mongolia Provinces, 2000-2022)
Coal transport includes rail transport, road transport and water transport, and short-distance coal transport, mainly by road, while inter-provincial transport, is dominated by rail and waterways. In the case of the “trixies” area, for example, coal is transported mainly by rail to the coast of China.
Ports, then trans-shipped through ships to the east and south of China. We believe that, as the concentration of coal resources in the main source of the Qin railway continues to increase, the main clients of the supercompatible companies are large coal companies and have a long and stable cooperative relationship with the companies.
Under the “Seven-Five-Five” railway network, the Qin railway is affected by diversions, according to the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency, “13th Industry Development of Coal.”
The “Five” Plan, which sets up a network of “nine-and-six-way” coal logistics channels, which include “seven-and-a-half-way” railways, and where coal rail transport is dominated by the movement of silhouettes. At the same time, we believe that “nine-and-six-way” coal logistics corridors are to be assumed by the backbone network.
In contrast to the five main coal transport routes, the main source areas of the Qin line are Jinbei and Monsi: the Sorux Yellow Line is the main carrier of the Xiaobei mine: the owner of the Vashian coal line.
From the west and south of the mountain: the source of the line of hope came mainly from the Montungi region: Hoji's main source of coal to attract the resources of Monciordos, Jinbei. We believe that there is a certain mismatch between the main routes' coal sources and the transport endpoints, so the other main ones are.
As shown in figure 1 above, the railways of Qin are involved in the Hoji railway and the Saku-yellow line, which, as of the end of 2022, is 10 per cent and 41.16 per cent of the shares; at the same time, the Wahh line is under the flag of the Taiwon group.
The line run by Jin Shaulu is currently operated by the Qin Railway. 2.3 The “public transit” policy provides for an increase in the demand for rail transport, from the point of view of the development of the railway transport industry, as the country's economy has grown in recent years.
The central economic workshop noted that our economy is resilient, potentially strong and dynamic, and that in 2023 it is expected that the economy will continue to recover as a whole.
The demand for rail freight is expected to rise as the follow-up countries move forward with policies to boost consumption, expand investment, and so on. At the policy level, policies such as “trails” are expected to continue to drive railway freight in the country.
Competitiveness and market share in the integrated transport system. For example, in March 2023, the Ministry of Transport issued the Action Programme for the Promotion of Quality Development of Iron Water Intermodal Transport (2023-2025), which states that “by 2025, the main main port rail entry on the Yangtze main line will be fully operational.
(a) Cover, with rail entry rates of about 90 per cent in the main coastal ports and 14 million containerized iron and steel containers in the main ports of the country, with an average annual growth rate of more than 15 per cent; this was preceded by the “145” Development Plan for a Modern Integrated Transport System, which calls for “a step forward”.
Transport restructuring, gradual construction of a rail- and ship-based medium- and long-distance freight system, and the promotion of `carried iron' for bulk and long-distance cargo transport.” There is also much room for “carried iron” in the area where the railway operates, and traffic.
The Ministry of Transport's “14th Five-Year Development Plan for Integrated Transport Services” proposes “the construction of a model transport restructuring area for the main coal-producing areas of the Jinmong, with a strong push for the development of freight and rail lines dedicated to the region, by 2025, in Shanxi, Shanxi and Inner Mongolia”.
The proportion of coal mines and railway lines dedicated to coal logistics parks with a cargo volume of more than 1.5 million tons per year and a demand for transport in the provinces has increased significantly, and the proportion of coal and coke railways transporting more than 500 km in the provinces (regions) is striving to reach about 80%.”
They believe that, as the policy continues, the volume of companies is expected to increase further. 2.4 The prices of railway cargo are becoming marketable, the Qin railway still has room for upward movement, and our railway industry has a highly centralized, unified transport pipeline.
Since 2015, countries have granted rail transport enterprises some autonomy in pricing, creating more flexible transport prices, floating up and down mechanisms, and increasing price elasticity.
Specific prices. According to the Rules on Prices of Rail Goods, the flat rate of iron is calculated as: the price per ton of cargo = base price of 1 + base price of 2 x kilometre, of which base price is 1 to base price and base price is 2 operating base price. Newly implemented as of 1 January 2018
The base rates for the carriage of goods by rail, which are based on the implementation of No. 4 for the coal class, are set at a base price of $16.30 per ton, and a base price of 0.098 per ton per ton. In December 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued its report entitled " Deepening the marketization of rail freight prices " .
The notification of issues related to the implementation of the National Iron Uniform Electrification section has since 2018 been incorporated into the National Iron Electrification Service and is no longer separately charged. The base price applicable for the transport of coal has been adjusted from 0.098 to 0.105 ton.
The base price for the entire shipment of goods in line with government-directed prices remains the same for all categories of goods, and rail transport enterprises can base their prices on the benchmark established by the state.
With the exception of the line of Qin, the line of Kyoto, and the main line of Fongsha, which transports coal (coal on the line of direction, to the station), cross-line transport or other lines of the company carry a flat price of national iron.
The Department ' s main goods, coal, executes the iron price No. 4, of which the base price is $16.3 per ton, the base price is $0.105 per ton, and the company still has the limit on the rise of 2.15 per cent of the base price due to the incorporation of the electricity surcharge into the flat price of the iron.
Since 2018, Electrification surcharges ($0.007/tonne) have been incorporated into the national flat rate of the iron, and the public transport level has remained essentially unchanged.
As a result of the relatively small diversion, the Great Qin line, one of the main corridors of the Western Coal East, is expected to return to the same level of traffic as the impact of the epidemic subsides this year, and domestic mobility needs are evident during the first half of the year as the economy recovers gradually.
Of this amount, freight operations contributed $65.3 billion, 66.6 billion and 67.8 billion, respectively, which is an increase in the same proportion. Macroeconomics are not as high as expected: if macroeconomics fail to meet expectations, they may affect coal. Energy structures change significantly: if the energy structure changes significantly, coal leads to coal.
A significant decline in production and demand will affect the demand for coal transport; A significant change in the policy of “cargo iron” could result in less than expected growth in rail transport if there is a significant change in the policy of “carriage iron”;
The impact of the diversion of competitive lines has increased: if the diversion of competitive lines to the company’s core segment has increased, it will result in a decline in the volume of corporate transmissions.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.