On the 26th of April, 2020, photovoltaic performance was released and semiconductor layout was improving.
The company released its 2019 report and its 2020 quarterly report, with a revenue of 3,110 million yuan in 2019, equal to an increase of 22.64 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 637 million yuan to the mother, representing an increase of 9.49 per cent in the same year; and in the first quarter of 2020, the performance met expectations and was released from the photovoltaic surge.
The growth in performance was mainly due to the launch of a new round of expansion by silicon producers in 19 years, with the market value of the company's crystal growth equipment in circulation (million yuan): billions of yuan. In terms of income structure, crystal growth equipment stood at 2,173 million yuan, maintaining steady growth; and intelligence.
The company had ample orders and space for future m12 silicon upgrades. As at 31 March 2020, the company had not completed its contract for a total of 2,981 million yuan, of which half had not been completed.
In March 2020, the second batch of $1.42 billion was awarded, no contract for the purchase and sale of goods had been signed, and the company was expected to make an order of approximately $4.5 billion in hand, which would meet the company ' s high annual growth in 2020.
Capability, assuming a future single crystal silicon production capacity of 200gw, of which one third uses m12 large silicon.
Technology R & D leads, semiconductor material equipment systems are getting better.
At the same time, in recent years, the company has added new products such as semiconductor polish, valves, 16-32 inches of platinum, an increasingly sophisticated semiconductor material equipment system and an enhanced core of the industrial chain.
As the first semiconductor’s national production wave unfolds, the company’s semiconductor business is expected to reach a harvest period. The epidemic has caused global photovoltaic loads to fall short of expectations, semiconductor downstream demand, and photovoltaic silicon tablets.
In terms of income structure, crystal growth equipment has been growing steadily, rising by 81.97 per cent in 2018 as compared to the collection of smart processing equipment, while in 2019, equipment modification services reached $165 million, representing a new disclosure of business. In terms of profitability, companies achieved a net return of 637 million yuan in 19, an increase of 9.49 per cent compared with 9.49 per cent. The company ' s combined Māori rate in 2019 was 36.53 per cent, a decline of 4.42 per cent compared with the same year, which is consistent with the downward trend in the photovoltaic sector.
As a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the industry’s spring opening time was limited, benefiting from a portion of the PV billion, an increase of 26.13% compared to the previous year; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $134 million, an increase of 6.27% compared to the previous year. The combined Māori rate was 33.42% per quarter, which is almost equal to the same period.
Figure 3: Māori ratio (in %) of the company's main business. After the “531” impact, producers of photovoltage silicone in the first half of 2019 published an expansion plan. On 30th of the month, the company had not completed a total of $3.565 billion, of which $440 million had not been completed in semiconductor equipment contracts; as of March 2020
As at 31 January, the company had not completed its contracts totalling 2,981 million yuan, of which it had not completed its semiconductor equipment contract of $470 million. Considering that in March 2020, the second instalment of 1.42 billion yuan in procurement was awarded in the middle ring, no contract had yet been signed for the purchase and sale of the goods, the company was expected to set an order of approximately 4.5 billion yuan in hand to meet the company ' s high growth in business activity throughout the year 2020.
Companies have continued to increase their investment in R & D, and technology-driven company development. In 2019 R & D investments amounted to $186 million, representing 5.98 per cent of their operating income. The number of R & D expenditure and R & D personnel has increased twofold. As of 31 December 2019, a total of 387 patents were granted to companies and subsidiaries, of which 55 were patents for inventions.
In the case of photovoltaics, companies have successively developed transistors with autonomous intellectual property rights, such as fully automated monocrystals, regional molten silicon monocrystals, and large-scale monocrystals have been developed to meet the needs of the next generation of large silicon tablets for equipment. At the same time, they have developed transistors, photovoltaic batteries, component links, and intelligence-related devices to become industry-led suppliers of smart processing equipment and stacking machine components for the development and promotion of m12 silicon tablets.
On the semiconductor side, the company successfully developed 6-12-inch transistors, cutters, double-face grinders and 6-8-inch fully automated silicon polishing machines, 8-inch silicon single crystal extension equipment to complete silicon single crystals, slices, polishing, and extended four core pieces of equipment. At the same time, in recent years, the company has increased semiconductor polishing fluids, valves, valves, etc.
New products such as magnetic fluid components, 16-32 inches of celebrium have created a national lead in the production of semiconductor material-critical processing equipment. Photovoltaic expansion is still under way, with the future m12 large silicon pieces bringing up-to-date space.
5gw extension scheme, with companies benefiting significantly from the company as the main provider of upstream equipment. The expansion is currently under way, and it is expected to continue to be subject to downstream orders in the future. At the same time, the industry is on a large downward trend in technology as a result of the advent of affordable Internet access, while the application of m12 large silicon tablets can effectively reduce electricity costs.
25.56 per cent; component links, large silicon pieces can be spread over borders, glass, wire boxes, manual costs, etc., m12 by 16.8 per cent; power chain links, large silicon high-power components can reduce the cost of racks, transfer tanks, cables, land, etc., resulting in a saving of 210 to 166 per cent of the cost of bos in the construction of power stations.
Design: In January 2020, Aishu announced the official production of 5gw210 high-efficiency batteries: Trina, Orient Rings, etc., are also active in the layout of 210 mm components. Crystals are currently less capable of producing large monocrystals in the industry, assuming a future single crystal silicon production capacity of 200gw, of which one third uses m12 large silicon 67gw, and it is expected that large-sized monocrystal replacement needs will be brought to the company.
In the second half of 2019, global semiconductor sales improved, with $33.37 billion in July 2019, a 15.50% decline in the same year and $34.5 billion in February 2020, an increase of 4.99% in the same year.
Currently affected by the global epidemic, downstream demand may be affected to some extent, but advanced process demand may still lead to high capital spending on power generation, China-Chu International in 2020, leading to higher demand for equipment. Domestically, there is a significant demand for national substitution in the semiconductor industry. In October 2019, a major fund was established to support industrial development, with a focus on upstream equipment and materials, with companies acting as upstream crystal growth equipment.
Producers will benefit significantly from the wave of semiconductor nationalization. The company has now achieved long crystal furnaces and nationalization of cut-off equipment, while single-crystal silicon rollers, polishers, double-face grinding, crystal-crystal edge detection devices are available, while deep strapped to large clients, and the central ring is currently driving a 5 billion-dollar semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon fixation project, and the company’s semiconductor operations are expected to catch a harvest.
Figure 11: Sales of semiconductor equipment in North America (in billions of United States dollars) Figure 10: Global semiconductor sales are excellent in terms of company operating capacity. Cost controls are better during the company period, with a cost of 6.19 per cent in 2019, which has remained stable in recent years.
The operating cash flow has improved significantly. The net operating cash flow of the company has improved significantly since the second quarter of 2019, and q1 in 2020.
$351 million in cash, mainly for the sale of goods and the provision of services, was higher than in the same period in the previous year. Cash/business income received in 2019 was 73.62 per cent and has remained stable in recent years.
The report is presented independently and objectively with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Portfolio Consulting Association of China. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and the results adopted.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.