On April 9, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020.
According to the announcement, the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic has an impact on the company’s time to resume work after spring.
After the birth, the company seized the disease control, seized the production business, and pushed forward the delivery and receipt of orders as planned. The company’s performance benefited mainly from the 2019 revival of the photovoltaic industry, followed by a new expansion of the Silicon Ribbon Division.
Over $3.2 billion alone. It is expected that the meringue five, the crystallized mountain, and the build-up will continue. Photovoltaic technology accelerates, large silicon is gradually recognized by the industry, and in August 2019, the ring shares launched the m12 silicon project because of its effective reduction of power.
Ben, about 6%, is gradually endorsed by downstream producers. Tonji shares, of the first production capacity in the Maroon Hill, 2 production lines are designed to produce large silicon-efficient batteries in M12, amitsu technology 5gw. At the same time, the components are rising in the east and the coronation energy is published in a succession of 210 mm components.
The company is a small company with the capacity to manufacture large-scale monocrystal equipment, and it is expected that it will benefit significantly from the silicon silicon.
The semiconductor has a strong national production trend, and the business is worth looking forward to the second release, where the company is the first winning candidate, 2020.03.23 The current trend in domestic semiconductor national production substitution is significant, and capital spending on the crystal mill is expected to continue in 2020.
At the same time, the National Large Fund II is expected to focus on investment in upstream equipment and materials in the industry.
The development is expected to continue well by 2020.02.28 Cutting off the national production of equipment, of which 8 inches of semiconductor area melting furnaces are technologically mature and 12 inches of semiconductor-grade single crystal furnaces are ready to be produced; and corporate layout of single crystalline silicone rollers, polishers, double-face grinding, crystals
The company did not complete the semiconductor equipment contract 5.4 as of 30 September 2019, full of the pontoon, photovoltaic and two-way operations, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The epidemic has worsened, silicon silicon silicon silos have grown faster than expected, and the epidemic has led to less photovoltaic machines than expected worldwide, and less technology for semiconductor companies. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.