The company's annual report for 2019 and its report for the first quarter of 2020 were released on the evening of 24 April. 637 million yuan in net profits for its shareholders, representing an increase of 9.49 per cent; and 0.50 yuan per share per share, the same amount.
During the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $716 million, an increase of 26.13 per cent over the same period; a single-quarter financial analysis: one-quarter Māori sales rate fluctuated
Business income: RMB 1,102 million in operating income for 2019q4, an increase of 70.64 per cent in the same year, and a 33 per cent increase in the ring. High growth in the three quarters of the same year has been achieved.
During the peak period, the growth of the ring ratio was in line with expectations, and the ratio of equipment adaptation services increased: (b) industry chain downgrading efficiency pressures, etc. The 2020q1 Māori ratio was restored to 33.42 per cent.
Full year financial/operational analysis: net operating cash flow highlights high-quality operations Profit statement: Māori sales achieved during the reporting period by 35.55 per cent, a decrease of 3.96 percentage points over the same period, of which Māori for crystal growth equipment by 38.13 per cent, a decrease of 5.49 percentage points over the same period.
1 “Crystal Power” semi-annual review: Māori sales have steadily increased the income from processing equipment to 81.97 per cent, up to 16.2 per cent, and equipment adaptation services have received clients such as Central Ring, Crystal, Crystal and Onboard Control.
Balance sheet: The company ' s long-term equity investment closing balance increased by 91.24 per cent over the reporting period, mainly for investment leading to the middle ring; the construction-in-progress closing balance decreased by 39.97 per cent over the same period, mainly for the conversion of equipment for the Sapphire crystal bar production project/the grinding project; the balance at the end of the advance payment increased on a year-on-year basis
The increase of 370.23 per cent compared with the increase in cash flows was due mainly to a significant improvement in the sale of goods, receipt of services and a relative decrease in expenditure.
Outlook: Multi-area platform-building companies Photovoltaics, silicon silicon silicon enrichment and silicon technological innovation, the scale of production-line investment is expected to remain high, and the Division is expected to benefit fully as the country’s absolute leader of photovoltaic crystal growth equipment.
Kim II is expected to have more tilted equipment, end-of-materials, and the company is expected to use this round of core equipment/materials as an opportunity to move further toward a platform-based company. The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.