q1’s performance is on the rise, and the year-round performance is expected to rise on a quarterly basis. Q1’s quarterly report predicts that in 2020 q1 is expected to realize a net return of $126-139 million to the mother.
This represents an increase of 0-10%; the net profit of $122-136 million, which is 23-37% more than the previous year, and the performance of the company can be measured. To benefit from the expansion of single crystalline silicone downstream of light, the company’s performance has grown; and there are ample hand orders.
Corporate q1 performance has grown somewhat faster than expected. Companies have issued a 2020 q1 performance forecast: under the circumstances, achieving performance growth that reflects, on the one hand, the continuation of orders transferred late in 2019 and, on the other hand, the overall business of the Department as a whole, with a strong track record of performance and slightly higher expectations.
Photovoltaic demand has declined overall, but single crystal silicon expansion has continued. At this point, due to overseas epidemics, global photovoltaic demand has declined, affecting the volume of light-voltaic links, and single crystal silicon prices have fallen in space and power. We believe that single silicon prices may have fallen evenly.
The price of Internet access is a trend that stimulates overall demand growth and leads to a healthier and more robust industrial chain. So the monocrystal silicon continues to yield excessive returns, with downstream traditional manufacturers (Lonki, Central Ring, Crystal) + identifying new entrants to the expansion (onboard control, Jinzhou energy, etc.) + potential new entrants still.
We believe that monocrysil silicon is on the verge of a new wave of expansion in 2020-2021, with production expected to reach well over 100 gw, with potential clients in addition to Lungi. Companies, as equipment leaders, are expected to take the lead in benefiting from downstream expansion.
In March 2020, the second order in the second order in the second instalment of the fifth round was awarded in the medium cycle (November 2019) four months from the first, with two orders totalling 1,425 million yuan, for a period of 210 days after the signing of the contract.
Delivery, and we're assuming that this order will be delivered by 2020. The company has a good hand order and guaranteed a high performance in 2020. The company announced that it would have more than $3.2 billion worth of new prefixing equipment for the year 2019, a 23% increase over the same year. We measured that the company was at the end of 2019.
The handheld equipment order may exceed $2.7 billion, adding up to this new order of $1.425 billion, while we expect the company to grow rapidly by 2020 and further increase the certainty that its performance will increase in the coming years.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations. Photovoltaic equipment delivery is not as fast as expected and semiconductor equipment is not as popular as expected.
Yang Shao Fai