The epidemic affects short-term operations and orders adequately guarantee year-round performance: the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre ' s performance forecast: companies issue 2020q1 performance forecasts, which are expected to achieve a net profit of 130 million to listed companies
The epidemic affects short-term operations and orders adequately guarantee year-round performance. Since 2020, due to the domestic epidemic, business has been delayed, the industrial chain has been poorly structured and operating efficiently. 2020q1, the company is doing its best to maintain stability on the basis of control of the epidemic and to facilitate the delivery and inspection of the orders in hand, which is expected to be achieved in an orderly manner.
The net profit is 130 million to 140 million yuan, an increase of 0 to 10 per cent from the previous year. Between 2019q4 and 2020q1, the company’s demand for PVs is good, leading firms are active. Global demand for PVs is getting closer, the epidemic is affecting short-term sales, but the logic of long-term growth in the industry remains unchanged.
The crystal trend has determined that Lungi, Central Ring, etc., has accelerated the construction of single crystal silicon production capacity, and it is planned that the 2020-2021 industry will have an additional production capacity of nearly 86.5 gw, of which the monocrystal furnaces and accessories will be invested in approximately 200 million yuan/gw, with new production likely to generate more than 10 billion dollars in equipment procurement requirements.
Nearly 90% of households benefit from this wheel. The semiconductor industry warms up, and the equipment is produced in large spaces. The semiconductor industry is expected to recover gradually from 2020, benefiting from the development of new energy, 5g, cloud computing, and other end-use applications.
In the domestic silicon manufacturing industry, the silicon industry is the leading industry, with about 2% of the world's cities, and currently only 10% of the home-grown silicone equipment and a large national alternative space. In recent years, the country has planned a number of large silicon construction projects, with a total investment of more than $100 billion, estimated at 60-70%.
For equipment purchases, the purchase of crystal furnaces is estimated at $14 billion-$15 billion. The company has a capacity of 8 to 12 inches of single-crystal capacity and is a scarce supplier of 12 inches of single-crystal furnaces in the country. The company works with the central ring, with semiconductors, etc., and the subsequent incremental orders can be made. As of 2019q3, the company had 540 million orders for semiconductor equipment.
With the continued expansion of the home-grown silicon mills, semiconductor equipment is expected to be an important addition to the company’s performance.
Deep Benefit downstream expansion (2020-04-02) has not been, nor will it be, obtained directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.