Refundable fund-raising + backbone equity incentive, sword-pointed light model, mid-sized stumps (300308.sz) even higher.
At the same time, the company issued an announcement to issue convertable corporate bonds to a specific audience, and the total amount of funds to be raised did not exceed 3 billion yuan yuan.
The stock incentive scheme, which includes mid-level managers and core technical (operational) cadres, total 149.
The company issues a transferable fund to develop a new generation of light communication technologies and products, expands the company’s high-end light module production and optimizes the company’s financial structure.
The R & D Centre project, the Suzhou Xinjiang High-end Light Module Production Base project, the copper mausoleum high-end Light Module Production Base project and the replenishment of liquidity and repayment of bank loans.
Technology, optical and artificial intelligence based on silicon photon technology, silicon photochips and their photo-modes, associated light communications technology, laser chip technology, next generation 800g light module technology, and automation development. We believe that successful implementation of the project will help to keep the company in place.
The Suzhou and copper masonry module production base projects are mainly aimed at increasing the production capacity of major products such as 400g, 800g, etc., to meet the demand for the light module market as a result of the surge in data flows.
It is believed that successful implementation of the project will help companies to take advantage of the existing technological and product responsiveness advantages, pre-empting and meeting the needs of a variety of customers in a timely manner. The company will continue to increase its market share in the future, benefiting fully from the high-end light module demand outbreak dividend, and fighting for the next generation of products.
By using this collection to supplement liquidity and repay bank loans, the company will reduce its debt ratios, further optimize its financial structure, and improve its short-term solvency and resilience.
The company intends to implement the second restricted stock incentive program, which includes mid-level managers and core technical (business) cadres of 149 people (including controlling subsidiaries) to make a firm commitment to future performance goals.
For the first time, 9 million shares were awarded, with a reserve of 1 million shares. Restricted shares were accounted for by performance net gains. At the firm level, net profit from withholding was $520 million in the first three quarters of 2020.
The firm is highly competitive in the light and communications industry, and the pace of future upgrading of market products and core technological changes is expected to accelerate, to bind key employee interests to companies in order to attract and retain talent, and to ensure that corporate strategies are successfully implemented, leading to long-term sustained growth in the company’s performance.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.