Midsummit (300308), North American cloud capital, December 18, 2020.
The long-term growth of capital spending on the North American cloud is still resilient. Markets worry about the downfall of the North American cloud, and we believe that each g of communications has led to a significant increase in traffic over the long term.
Midsummit was founded in 2005 in Longguchi, Shandong Province, where it started at the beginning of a new wave of growth, which is expected to be followed up by cloud and Internet manufacturers.
Development, manufacture and sale of modules. Current business content plus capital inputs. Since 2020, six North American cloud and Internet producers (amzn, msft, googl, high-end optical communication modules and smart equipment) have been working on two.
The fb, ibm, orcl) financial statements show that 20q1/q2/q3 capital expenditure increased by 38/19/36 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with large plates. In 2012, the Shenzhen Enterprise Board was listed. The business package saw the ring ratio rise. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, we observed that Microsoft Vision q4 capital expenditure was slightly higher.
More than q3 to support rising cloud demand. And fb says that capital spending, which has been reduced by this year’s epidemic, will be delayed until next year, with capital spending planned to increase by nearly 38% in 21 years. Google stresses that while the slowdown in the acquisition of real estate has led to a slight drop in capital spending over 20 years, investment in cloud operations will remain aggressive.
In our view, while North America’s cloud capital expenditure has been hit by the epidemic in the short term, it remains resilient in the long run. 400g is expected to accelerate deployment, with 200g meeting the market window period. Cisco predicts that global data central traffic will increase to 20.6zb by 2022, with cagr 25% by five years.
The demand is that the normal luminous module completes an average product cycle of three to four years, and the current North American data level is 100 g/400g. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, North American cloud clients are expected to accelerate 400g deployment in 21 years, while 200 g demand will begin to release gradually.
The company proposes to issue a transferable debt, raise up to 3 billion yuan in funds for the development of technology such as cpo, silicon chip, and expand high-speed light module production capacity such as 400g. The main clients of the digital field light module are Amazon, Google, etc.
In 17 years, companies pioneered 400g products, now leading 400g technology, and this expansion of capacity helped to capture 400g high-end market opportunities. We believe that the company’s research and development design team is excellent and can build on excellence.
Cost-control and large-scale delivery capacity to capture the high-speed light window period, continuously seize the opportunity to upgrade key light module products, and continue to lead the high-end module market.
Middle Cream (300308): North American cloud capital spending is still resilient and continues to watch a number of light module taps grow.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports Mid-Swing (300308): North American cloud capital spending is still resilient and continues to watch the growth of the entire light module.
M.A. in Theoretical Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Information Engineering, Joined East Hing Securities in Communications Industry in 2018.
A master’s degree from the People’s University of China, joined the Eung Xing Portfolio in 2019. The professor’s own research opinion.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.