Mid-Zone (300308.sz) Lee Tianfan's debt transfer program accepted and continued to add code to the high-end module market
In recent days, the company has published and received a bill of credit for the issuance of convertable corporate bonds to a non-specific audience, and received a bill of credit for the conversion programme, expanding the capacity of high-end light module production to show confidence: the company has published a statement of offer for the issuance of converted corporate bonds to a non-specific audience and has been referred to the public for further consideration.
The Department proposes to issue a transferable fund of no more than $3 billion for: 1 Suzhou Xinqing module Operational headquarters and R & D centre construction project ($945 million), including the acquisition of 100 per cent of the ownership of successful industrial parks in Suzhou and the use of its land and houses for the construction of the Suzhou Xinjiang headquarters, production and R & D
The Centre, as well as the construction of the Suzhou Ostriang Module Operational Research and Development Centre for the development of silicon chip and light modules, 800g light modules and related light technologies: 2 Suzhou high-end module production base items (644 million yuan); and 3 copper mausoleum high-end module production base projects (513 million yuan);
4 Replenishment of liquidity and repayment of bank loans ($898 million). The project is expected to result in a significant increase in corporate R&D capabilities, technological and product upgrading, expansion of high-end light module capacity, reduction of production costs, optimization of financial structures and increased resilience to risk.
Modular market leading advantage: restrictive stock incentives are to be implemented, and core personnel interests are to be tied: November company announcement is to be introduced with a second stock incentive plan, targeting 148 middle management cadres and core technical cadres, stock counts
9999,000 shares, or 1.40 per cent of total equity, of which 8.9990 million shares were awarded for the first time, with a product portfolio awarded at $25.48. The conditions for the award were: Subsistence Su Xin, 2021-2024.
Core employee interests have been tied, stimulating motivation and creativity, and helping companies to stabilize their growth. Markets have kept up: the capital expenditure of North American cloud producers famg (facebooks, Amazons, Microsoft, Google) has increased significantly in the last three quarters, with four of them totalling over $25 billion in capital spending in the last three quarters.
According to yole data, the global market for light modules in 2019 was about $7.7 billion, and is expected to reach $17.7 billion in 2025, with an annual compound increase of about 15 per cent. The data centre demand for light modules reached $12.1 billion, an increase that benefited from large cloud service providers starting to procure heavily.
High-end high-priced modules (including 400g and 800g). The company is a global high-end module leader, with a rising collection ratio of 400g products, and it is expected that the downstream demand outbreak will help the company industry.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinion on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be able to sell the certificate described in the report (@special opinion or standing, or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report). The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf, or on behalf of others (@. The report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate mentioned in the report.
29 December 2020