q3 performance meets expectations, 400-g light module fast up. Mid-Sang Investment Holdings increased by 54.24% to 83.30%, recognizing the cost of equity incentives and the creation of a subsidiary in Suzhou.
Depreciation amortization has resulted in a reduction of the company’s combined net profit of approximately $66.13 million, an increase in the combined net profit of approximately $79.57 million in uneconomical gains and losses, such as government subsidies, and an overall revenue collection that is largely in line with expectations.
Multi-sphere applications drive global data flow surges, North American and domestic data centre market demand recovers, warming and a modestly ahead-of-the-road 5g build-up drive up market light module demand, with relative depth of 300 indexes per unit.
To boost corporate income growth. (2) Product structure increases profits from high-end upgrades: in the digital domain, rapid growth in global cloud computing will create a higher demand for light modular performance, thus contributing to the intergenerational transformation of data centres, where 400g of corporate products now account for significant corporate revenue.
The demand for 100 g products continues to grow steadily; in the telecommunications sector, the upgrading of the 5g network rate will also lead to a shift in major demand in the lightware industry from 10 gb/s to 25 gb/s or more high-speed light module switching, which will drive corporate profit growth.
The net profit from this acquisition is having a positive impact: Chengdu has an integrated manufacturing capability ranging from to encapsulation, light components to light modules, the main products of which are optical devices (tosa, bosa, etc.) and telecommunications network products (pon). The acquisition will help companies to further complete their production.
The vertical integration of the industry chain, further opening the market for telecommunication light modules while building a more complete PV industry chain from chip envelopes, PV components and PV modules, continues to reduce the company's costs, including R & D costs, and improves the company's profits.
semi-annual report, aaa mid-student (300308). Risk factors: deteriorating patterns of competition in industry, lower than expected market demand for a wide range of products, US-China trade
Aaa_Midmiddle Xin (300308), Qing Xiao Xiao Qing