High performance growth, 400-g-high-growth maturities Performance is largely in line with expectations, q3 income profits are historically high Corporate performance is within the range of previous performance forecasts and is largely in line with expectations.
This is due to the fact that the growth in capital spending by domestic and foreign data centre clients has led to a gradual upturn in demand for 400g products, and that demand for 100g products has continued to grow: income growth for 5g products, such as pre-, inter- and re-transmission of the domestic 5g network; and the co-mingle of storage technology. Of this, q3 income amounted to 1.960 billion, the same ratio.
Cost control has led to a rise in net interest rates, with indicator improvements predicting a strong downstream demand, as companies increase the availability of raw materials to meet orders and anticipate a more robust downstream demand. For fixed assets, the figure is 2,632 million as at 30 September, compared to 2.45 billion as at 30 June.
This increase is due to the increase in equipment inputs as a result of the increased capacity of companies to deliver orders and to the convergence of RMBS Research-Middle Cream (300308), half of 2020 technology.
Report: A full-blown performance, Growth in the Future 2020.08.28 The industry climate is still strong and product diversification ensures future performance growth.
The current construction of 5g is still in its early stages and the telecommunications market is expected to continue; while cloud computing and the report of the first quarter of 2020 report on performance recovery towards a new era, there is still much room for external penetration, with 400g of overseas products initially released, adding up to 400g in the next year.
There is a high degree of certainty about market demand, and companies’ future performance as industry leaders. At the same time, the Department identifies industry leaders by introducing 100g/200g/400gcfp2dco full series of related products and leading 800g products.
The global light module market climate continues to rise, and companies perform with certainty. The risk of increased competition for the product of the reference firm in three seasons, 400g less than expected, 100g higher prices.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.