(a) Two-wheel drive of telecom operations, leading the product technology industry South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: companies achieved business income of $5.2 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 58.5 per cent over the same period last year;
Realising net profits of $600 million, an increase of 67.6% over the same period last year, and a two-wheel drive for telecommunications. With the double push of foreign construction of 5g and new domestic infrastructure, domestic and foreign cloud producers and Internet enterprises began to build more capital for idc.
At present, overseas clients have started to deploy 400g light modules, and domestic customers are actively deploying and applying 200g light modules, with high-speed light modules occupying the main share of corporate revenue. With regard to the 5g light module, the national 5g network is fully operational.
The company’s growth has been boosted by its operating income of $1.96 billion in the third quarter, 57 per cent more than the same period last year; its net return to the mother is $240 million, 56 per cent more than the same period last year. The company’s performance has risen rapidly because the company’s demand for 400g and 5g light-based operations has increased its high-speed light model significantly.
Research and development (R & D) continues to be highly invested, with the product technology industry leading. The company invested $290 million in R & D in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 30.2 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
In terms of product technology, the company continues to develop new products and import them into the market. Currently, 5g products, such as the mwdm colour module and 200g return, have been first certified and produced by the client, and the top 800g product on the market has been tested.
This investment will make full use of the resources and managerial advantages of the specialized investment agencies, help companies to invest in new areas such as physical networking, big data, and improve their market competitiveness. In the next three years, the net profit compound will increase by 45%. 400g, taking into account continuous technological innovation in the company’s products.
The demand for the 5g light module business has continued to rise significantly, and the 5g communications industry has grown rapidly, maintaining “buying of middle-rises” (300308); high performance growth is in line with expectations, leading the product technology industry (2020-08-31)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.