q3 performed in line with expectations, keeping an eye on the future of the company - 3-quarter review report from Mid-City (300308).
Middle-Sandang Investment Holdings have benefited from the high profile of the light module industry, and corporate revenue has steadily increased. The growth in corporate q3-quarters has led to a boost in data centre construction and continued investment in 5g networks in the country.
Increases in corporate sales of light modules, with 400g products in the market value of public circulationa shares (millions of dollars) showing a relative depth of 300 indexes over the same period last year.
Keeping up high R & D inputs and sustaining new product R & D. Company q3 continued to increase R & D inputs, reaching 117 million in the first quarter of the third quarter of 2020, an increase of 43.77 per cent in the same year and 32.98 per cent in the ring.
With an iterative update of the high-end light module, the new focus of the next generation of network technology is constantly optimizing the product structure. The company’s 800g product has now been tested on clients, and research and development is progressing well.
The net profit is having a positive impact: Chengdu’s ownership of the to-seal, the to-seated, the to-do, the to-do, the to-do, the to-do, the to-do, the to-do, the to-do, and the market’s competitiveness.
The acquisition will help companies to complete their production further.
Vertical integration of the industry chain, further opening of the market for telecommunication light modules while building a more complete PV industry chain from chip envelopes, PV components and PV modules, with an evaluation report on _aaa_intermediate (3003008)
Continue to reduce corporate costs, including R & D costs, and improve corporate profits. _aaa_Meso-Zone (300308) semi-annual review _aaa_Meso-Zone (30038), follow-up report
Risk factors: deteriorating patterns of competition in the industry, lower than expected market demand for tons of products, China and the United States of America