The net profit is close to the forecast ceiling, with a net profit of $145,176 million on the business income of Cyrus for the entire year of 2024 and $5,946 million on the mother's net profit.
The company maintains high R & D inputs and the cost of sales is gradually controlled. The cost ratio during the fourth quarter of the company increased, mainly from the absolute value of sales costs and management costs.
A small drop led to an increase in the cost rate for the period. The fourth quarter cost was 13.52 per cent, with an increase in the ring ratio. 3891 million vehicles were sold in 2024 and 9660,000 in the fourth quarter. 3891 million vehicles were sold in 2024 in the company core product series; and 96.6 million vehicles were sold in the fourth quarter, with an increase in the ring ratio.
12.50 per cent decrease. m9 49330 sales in the fourth quarter, 2.68 per cent decline in the ring ratio, maintaining a higher ratio of 49.70 per cent; m7 sales in the fourth quarter, 41994 sales, 6.47 per cent decline in the ring ratio; m5 sales in the fourth quarter, 6591 sales, and the company ' s fourth quarter, single-car and single-car pick-up, with a small decline in net profit.
Cyrus (601127.sh) - Net profit growth, effective reduction in cost - sales volume: the company collected $39.9 million in the fourth quarter, $11.45 million in single car, single Cyrus (601127.sh) - one quarter net profit loss and is expected to make a run for business
Investment proposals: adjusted profit projections to maintain a “better than the big city” rating. Ellis's business income for the entire year of 2024 was $14.576 billion, resulting in a net profit of $5.946 billion for the mother, $38.549 billion for the fourth quarter, and $1.908 billion for the mother.
The company maintained a high Māori rate in the fourth quarter, with a lower net profit rate. The company, based on the luxury car market, benefited from technological advantages, manufacturing capacity, business management capacity, and scale effects, and its product sales increased.
Since then, Māori rates have remained high in the industry, and Māori rates as a whole have been shown in the fourth quarter due to an increase in m9 sales, figure 5: Māori annual rates for companies, changes in net interest rates, figure 6: Māori quarterly rates for companies, changes in net interest rates
The company maintains high R & D inputs, and the cost of sales is gradually controlled. The cost ratio increased during the fourth quarter of the company.
A total of 389,100 vehicles were sold in the community series 2024 year-round; a total of 966 thousand in the fourth quarter, representing a 12.50 per cent decline in the ring ratio. m9 A total of 49330 vehicles were sold in the fourth quarter, a 2.68 per cent decline in the ring ratio, which remained high at 49.70 per cent; m7 a total of 41994 vehicles were sold in the fourth quarter, a 6.47 per cent decline in the ring ratio; and m5 a total of 6591 vehicles were sold in the fourth quarter, a larger decline in the ring.
Figure 9: The sale of the series of cars in 2024 increased in the fourth quarter of the company ' s single-car collection and single-car revenue, and a small drop in the net one-car profit. According to the sales volume, the company collected $39.9 million in the fourth quarter, $11.45 million in single-cars and 1.98 per cent in single-car profits.
Ten thousand dollars. The increase in single-car revenues and bicycles was mainly due to an increase in the share of m9 and a significant decrease in the share of m5. The four-quarters net profit on bicycles was $19.8 million, with a small decline in the ring.
Investment proposal: adjusted profit projections to give a “better than the big market” rating. Core assumption one: no overall change in sales, but optimized marketing structure. New company model m8 and new item m9 pre-sales. Corporate sales are expected to be dominated by m8/m9 and thus driveasp
Up ahead, raise the collection forecast. The heavy-pound model m8 is about to be released, and we expect it to be a new generation of hot-discharged cars. At the same time, the M9 market has received good feedback and is expected to release a higher-configure version of the m9.
Core scenario two: multiple factors drive a small increase in the Māori rate The corporate magic platform will play a further role, increasing the rate of generalization of spare parts following the sale of car models, and the scale effects and supply chain drops will drive Māori up the road. However, the market is becoming more competitive, changing the pattern of vehicles.
It is expected that the configuration levels will be further upgraded, resulting in additional cost increases. Combined with multiple factors, we expect companies to sell four quarters of the year, raise their management costs, and take into account that companies will also maintain their R&D inputs, and we expect sales costs to continue upwards, with a small drop in the cost of sales under the scale effect.
The company is currently in the advanced stages of R&D investment, supported by R&D costs for platforms, technology reserves, research models, and so on, and we expect that the next R&D rates will remain stable. In summary, we have the following assumptions about the company’s future cost rates:
The company focuses on the luxury car sector, the product of which is currently a luxury car sticker in the country, a luxury car track with high protection, a city river and a high-mori, and the company’s valuation should take into account the following factors:
The history of business development, with a premium on valuations at the main engine plant, which focuses on luxury cars, is somewhat higher than in the mainstream track.2 The entire industry is currently in the process of upgrading valuations, with a high level of intellectualization of corporate products and close collaboration with national science and technology champions, benefiting from overall industry valuation improvements.
3- Compared to ideal cars, companies focus on luxury cars, and are now using medium/medium-sized/full-sized suv as the core product. In comparison, the company’s 2024 core hot-marketed vehicle model is the flagship model m9, the ideal core-car-based hot-selling model is a low unit cost of 1-6, and the company as a whole has a higher than desired rate of porter value.
Four, Biadey, with its rich product lines in the mainstream track, luxury cars, and the company's focus on luxury cars. On the structure of the model sales, Biadi's luxury brands, equation leopards, and looking up to the momentum are good, but the mainstream track dynasty, the ocean have a huge sales base, and Biadey as a whole is still in the mainstream track.
The company's sales, collections, and profits are centred on luxury cars. In terms of growth potential, Biaddy's dynasty, ocean series of products are rich, and offshore operations are well under way; the company asked the brand for a b/c/d class suv, but the company's magic platform is compatible with vehicles such as b/c/d level suv/sedan/mpv
A combination of the advantages of a company’s main product as compared to a company’s single price and the Māori rate, and the advantages of a company’s main product as compared to a company’s own market space.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author