The embrace of China has contributed to the creation of new growth points, such as credit, equity, etc.
The company started with a zero-carbon business, producing a van jointly with East Wind in 2003 and entering the new energy car market in 2016. Chairman Zhang Xinghai has a forward-looking vision that high-end smart electric cars are in the main direction, and that only open and cooperatively can produce a truly high-quality product. Therefore, the company began to embrace China in 2019, in 2021.
We expect the company to return to its own net profit in 2025-2027, as the head of the high-end new energy suv, and we hope to continue to build up the money for deep collaboration.
• A strong embrace of China is expected to complement its capacity, and the potential for a significant increase in m8 in the potential of high-end suv markets has continued to expand in recent years, and autonomous medium- and high-end new energy sources have continued to take up their share of the market.
But there is still a large alternative to national production. The company's earlier position in the market, and the current new energy vehicle industry has many development advantages: (1) to take the lead in embracing Chinese and being empowered by deep-seated technologies, such as smart technology/product definition/marketing; (2) to self-research the super-intelligent platform's magic, especially in terms of incremental technology, to match the demand for new energy markets at the higher end; and (3) to ask the world.
m8 and multi-money re-movable vehicles are on the market, and in particular, ask the community m8 about the potential for huge sums of money based on product strength and value for money: (4) the acquisition of shares in the Long Sein Super Plant, which will help to guarantee the stability of the subsequent supply of products and avoid rental expenses, and will also introduce Chongqing City as a company shareholder; (5) the deep cooperation with China's largest automobile dealer, the IED group, to expand its work.
(vi) Acquisition of trademarks, stock listings, and a series of advances in the world’s major markets are likely to take place. • Stock entry leads to new profitable growth points, forward-looking robots, new growth curves in the field of flying cars, and the company is currently the only smart-selection model to attract equity. With equity relations as a link, the company is expected to gain.
With more industry leading intellectuals, smart-boss technology, and as the volume of cooperative car sales expands and will continue to make a profit, the company is expected to earn the return on investment. And, because of the generality of cars and robots in hardware and software, the company’s forward-looking robotics field is now operational.
In the external environment, Chongqing has issued several communications to support the development of the robotics industry, and its partners have a multi-dimensional advantage in terms of arithmetic, large models, and autopilot algorithms. In addition, the city’s support for low-altitude economics is dependent on the city’s support for low-altitude industries.
Recapture history: three business start-ups with thorns, one-and-one-and-zero-business start-up with China in close cooperation, a new energy vehicle operation in 2016, a company that started with a car seat spring in 2019, a van produced jointly with East Wind in 2003 and a deep one in 2016.
The company was founded in 1986 as a technology-based vehicle company with new energy vehicles as its core business, which involves research, manufacturing, marketing, and servicing of new energy vehicles and core three electricity products.
In 2002, the company began to produce motorcycles and formed Chongqing An Group. In 2003, the Gyan Gang, the East Wind and East Wind industries set up a minibus with a 20% share of funding.
In 2007, the Gang changed its name to Chongqing Xiaokang. In 2016, the company was keenly aware of the country ' s strong support for the new energy vehicle industry, the comprehensive transformation of the new energy vehicle business, the creation of the new energy source in Kim Conkang, which was successfully marketed in the same year ' s share. In 2019, the new energy source released the first sf5 of the Cyrus brand.
Yes, the company believes that the new energy age and technology giants need to work together, and signed a comprehensive cooperation agreement with China in the same year. In 2021, the company and China launched the first cooperative car, the first Celesf5. In the same year, in order to deepen the collaboration, the company and China launched the high-end new energy brand, aito, and asked the brand, the first car, m5.
The new energy vehicle business is based on a firm deployment of high-end products, and is composed of the Journal of Business School, the Official Journal of Economic Watch, the Official Journal of Economic Watch, 1.2, and the Main Camp: it is mainly a whole-of-a-car contribution with an upward trend, with a strong rise in the new energy vehicle business.
The company’s revenue, which is mainly a contribution of whole-car business, has been rising since 2021, new energy sources have gone beyond traditional fuel cars since 2022, power bubs have also provided products such as power drives, boosters, engines, and interior and interior accessories. The company’s main business is the sale of whole-car products, even though sales from 2017 to 2020 have shown a marked downward trend, and the entire industry has been in a position to sell the entire product.
In 2024, when the prices of new vehicles increased, the high-end vehicles were successful in surpassing fuel trucks, almost entirely branded as high-end new energy vehicles, driving new energy sources, selling 86 per cent in 2024 and collecting 96 per cent. Of course, companies started with spare parts.
In the area of vans, more technology has accumulated over the years in areas such as conventional fuel motors, and in the field of new energy vehicles, in order to upgrade supply-chain security capabilities, more technology has accumulated in such fields as the three power systems of the van and the boosters.
Leibu, a company with four main lines of Xiaokang power, Kim Conkang power, Conducer, Comfort goods, of which (1) Small Quantities: focuses on the development, manufacture, marketing and servicing of efficient motors and additional programme power systems, including gasoline machines, diesel engines, hybrid power and rangers series. For example, new energy, Det&dht smart power platforms,
(a) Traditional power newh high-efficiency platforms, ri3.0 incremental systems, etc.; (b) Kinkang power: a subsidiary of a company specializing in the operation of the new energy three-power system, the main products of which are power-driven, power-controlled, super-exposure systems; (c) small-combs: mainly in research and development, production, marketing, services, etc., of car seats and interior and interior accessories; (d)
Large-scale transformers: Mainly engaged in autocavator (cvt), new energy transfer components, high-end motorcycles, research and development, production, marketing and technical services. Figure 5: Companies have low branding, except for a branding market of over 200,000 high-end new energy vehicles
1.3. Equity structure: The Zhang Xinghai family has a larger shareholding, the purchase of a super factory has introduced the Chongqing State Finance Committee, which effectively controls the Zhang Qinghai family, with an indirect share of approximately one quarter, the Chairman of the Board, Zhang Xinghai has a forward-looking vision, and after buying the new energy stock, Chong Qing City ' s State Finance Committee will become a major shareholder in the company and is expected to provide important support.
The company is controlled by Zhang Xinghai, Zhang Xingming, Zhang Xinjian, and his three brothers, who hold indirect shares of about a quarter of the shares, mainly through Xiao Kang's holdings and Chongqing's two companies. The founder of the company, Zhang Xinghai, has a forward-looking vision, leading the department in three separate business ventures (the active placement of springs in the context of the conversion of vehicles and others: microcars).
In the context of major market developments, a joint venture with the East Wind to produce a minibus and become a top3 market in the country; in 2016, to lead the company in actively developing a new energy vehicle business. Zhang Xinghai argued that the auto industry was on the verge of a transition and that the high-end smart car track was going to replace the high-end traditional car track and commercial smart power.
Car lanes are bound to replace traditional commercial car lanes, so new technologies in the field of energy vehicles, such as “3 electricity,” are actively deployed. At the same time, Zhang Xinghai believes that in an age of electric intelligence, no firm can be at the same time leading in terms of intelligence, networking, and electrodynamics. Only through open cooperation and deep integration can it really be built.
High-quality products that meet user needs. So, in 2021, Cyrus and Hua created the first river for deep cross-border integration of business, working together on core technologies, products and channels, using a long-board effect to create new technological excellence that would provide a solid basis for the company’s subsequent cross-cutting development. In addition, the company plans to issue new shares.
The company's shareholders (the Chongqing Industrial Mothers' Fund, the Ganges Industries Group, the Ganges Investment Group) will become shareholders. The introduction of the Chongqing local state capital will further reflect the representation of the state capital in Chongqing's new energy car.
In June 2023, Chongqing held a conference to promote high-quality manufacturing development, in which it was proposed to invest in a modern manufacturing cluster of “33618,” in which the Smart Nets New Energy Motors is one of the three trillion-strong leading industrial clusters. In the case of Cyrus, the participation of shareholders from the country’s capital base provided stable financial security.
In terms of industrial synergies, strategic investors from the country’s capital background are in their own hands.
The field is rich in industrial resources and extensive business layout, which helps companies to optimize their industrial chains and supply chain systems and achieve a strong synergy between intelligent whole cars and spare parts, thereby improving production efficiency and product quality. Figure 6: Realized ownership of the company by the Zhang Xinghai family, with an indirect share of about a quarter, after buying the new energy stock, Chongqing became a major shareholder in the company.
1.4. China is an enabler: cooperation has gradually deepened to the intellectual selection model, asking the community series about the continuous succession of car models, and recognizing that the importance of technology will increase dramatically in the age of electro-intelligent intelligence and that it is difficult to create sufficient competitive advantages on its own, and therefore chooses to work in depth with ict leaders. In 2019, the company and China
In order to sign a comprehensive cooperation agreement, cooperation is planned in the area of new energy vehicles, including the industrial Internet, ict infrastructure, new energy motor intelligence, Internet connectivity, etc.
Working with China is the best decision on the path to an electric, intelligent transformation, and is the key to its bright performance in the high-end new energy vehicle market. The company and Hua working together for the first car, Cyrusf, are the smartest ones to ride the Hicar system, but they're not.
On May 29, 2021, the company and the company collaborated to launch Selfsworth as a smart sf5. The new car was the first to take a ride for the Hicar full-time smart interconnectivity system, which allows for multi-scenes voice-interactive traffic control; and a full-scale vehicle.
With respect to driving support systems, new cars achieve more than 10 class-I2 assistive driving functions, such as tja, ica, fcw, acc, aeb, lka. In addition, new cars also show good sales over the six-month period of the market for driveone.
Autopilot solutions and the Hong Meng module, located in compact suv, but priced at the same price as medium suv, have insufficient product power: (2) The company has a shorter new energy vehicle and a weaker brand, while Hwa, while bringing traffic, is itself in a car exploration phase and does not maximize the value of power as an enabler. As a result, sf5 has been on the market for six months.
And then there is hardly any sales. However, the firmness of the firmness of the company’s commitment to China’s partnership with China in the process of cooperation sf5, and the clarity of the concept of enhanced multi-dimensional empowerment in terms of smart technology, product definition, marketing, etc., have served as a good basis for the company’s cooperation with China.
Figure 7: Self-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-the-intra-intra-intra-in-the-the-in-the-in-the-the-the-the-the-the-in-the-the-in-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-it-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-it-it-the-the-it-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-it-it-the-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-it-the-it-it-it-it-the-the-it-it-it-the-it-the-it-it-the-the-the-it-it-the-the-the-the-the-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-it
So, after six months in the market for sf5, and drawing on the experience of sf5, the company worked with China to launch a high-end new energy branding field, to strengthen the capabilities of China as an intelligent technology, marketing, etc., and then launched the m5 extension, the m7 and the m5 pure electrical version, in 2022.
Given that sf5 reflects the weak and under-empowerment of the Cyrus brand, in December 2021, the company worked with China to launch a new high-end energy vehicle branding competition.
On December 23, 2021, China officially launched the first-car-type inquiry for the brand name, m5, to locate medium suv, to carry the Harmonyos smart cabin, which is known as the "First Hong Kong Car".
The balance of the smart car solution buceo took more than an hour to introduce the question world m5 and said that the question world m5 was designed by China to carry the most recent product of the Hong Meng eco module. After it was marketed, the sales of the question m5 quickly climbed the slope, reaching a peak of 16.8 million vehicles in August 2022, with a total annual sales of 6.63 million vehicles in 2022.
On 4 July 2022, on the basis of the best sale of the first-car type m5, the first-car type-two-car-type survey under the flag was launched. m7, large suv in positioning, six layouts of "2+2+2" and aito zero-gravity seats, equipped with a completely new upgrade of the harmonyos smart module, and a car-type selection based on m5 for greater space for consumers,
On that day, the world asked itself to enrich the product matrix by launching a net electric suv under the flag. Looking back at the market’s better sales of m5 and m7 sales, 200,000 to 300,000 suv markets, in addition to China’s smart technology and marketing performance, are also driven by a combination of joint-venture fuel cars and fewer competitions.
Fig. 9: For the first time in the Harmonyos intelligent cabin, the first-ever known as the "first-ever-car" entered 2023, accepting the impact of competitions such as the Series I, with a slightly under-strength of products m5, m7 for sale.
In 2023, the 300,000-grade new energy suv market came up with a more powerful competition for products such as the ideal l7 and l8, while the question horizons m5 and m7 had a more obvious disadvantage in size, pricing, etc., and there was a suspicion of a distortion in their intelligence, with only "a" and "car structure" in the upper cabins.
And there are rumours that the "g" evaluation, the "excellent" evaluation, and the "g" evaluation of the ideal l9, the "circle 09" that was used together in the evaluation, raised concerns about the quality of the product. In addition, there is an outside question that m7 is a modified version of East Windix7 oil, even a new shell, and that there are obvious deficiencies in the chassis, and that the software system uses Chinese technology.
It also has an impact on the sales of the question line m7. Figure 11: In the 25% bias collision on the driver's front side, askr m7 in "Bill figure 12: Accept the impact of competitions such as the series "I" series, askr 7 because of the product.
The upper cabin intrusions and the "car structure" were rated only as "a" and the weak sales performance in 2023 was 25% in favor of the driver's side.
Intruder in the upper cabin of the crew.
Head and neck, thighs and hips, feet and feet.
On September 12, 2023, the New M7 series was officially marketed. According to the rest of China, 500 million dollars were spent on research and development and would become "intellectual."
A cabin, a smart driver, a smart and safe ceiling.” New m7 displays strong product power compared to old m7 and ideal l7. (1) New m7 ask 2022 to lower m7 prices to achieve a fully enhanced safety capability and comfort.
The price difference between the price of the new M7 and the lower of the 2022 and the top/minimum configuration of the 2022 m7 and the top of the 2022 m7
At a lower price, the new m7 brings with it a full-scale upscaling performance experience: (a) five new editions, a more flexible car-type selection, a significant increase in the trunk size, the comfort of the cotton sugar seats, air conditioning, cooling and heat-making, the bottom-plate hanger system, etc., and a full-scale upgrade of interior and chassis systems; and (b) a 100-mile extension.
kilometre fuel consumption has decreased and 100 km of accelerated time has been reduced;3 passive safety capabilities, such as vehicle strength, have been improved using submarine grade material. At the launch meeting of the new m7, the remaining contractor indicated that the new m7 had been designed in strict compliance with the strict G-level standards of the insider ' s safety guidelines. At the same time, the initial launch was carried out on a full-scale early warning system and the active safety capability was further enhanced;
4 with a high-level edifice system of ads 2.0, a complete upgrade of the perceptive god network and the rcr network, a model build-up of training mileage, and a drive to upgrade the edifice algorithm; 5 with 3.0 in the Hong Meng module, which is richer and more applied to start-up, corresponding, and flow-through, to provide a better recreational and office environment than 2.0 in the Hong Meng Hair.
(2) Ask New World M7 for a significantly lower price band than the ideal level of 1.7 and a more intelligent driver. New World M7 has advantages in terms of its overall performance compared to the ideal level of 1.7: (1) In terms of its breadth and axiomatic range, ideal 1.7 is bigger than the New World M7, but the rest of the world says that New World M7 has a 3338 mm working space, which is higher than the ideal level of l7max.
3326mm, ask the new m7 driver's trunk size is more extensive overall; (2) ask the new m7 for comparison with the new m7 for a more powerful, shorter 100-km faster and less fuel consumption: (3) update the question area for a new m7 and ideal l7 can provide capabilities such as full-scale early warning systems, active brakes, etc., but the rest of the world is asking questions.
New m7-km braking distance is 35.5 m, compared to 37.9 m required for the ideal version of l7max; (4) China is an early launch of city piloting support, asking the new M7 for the ads 2.0 system, and is expected to have a structured road with a clear road boundary to function uncharted nca throughout the country by the end of 2023, compared to the ideal June 2023 in Beijing.
More importantly, there is a marked difference between the price of the new m7 and the ideal l7 and the price of the new m7 is 24,98,298,000.
By the end of 2023, at a discount rate of $18,000, and a discount of $15,000 for a defined client preference, we'll look at it as a whole and ask the world where the new m7 is more expensive and attractive. Moreover, at the same time, when China's new mobile phone, Mate 60/x5, is on the market, there's a surge in the flow of customers.
Consumers of Newm7 are expected to have priority purchase rights for the mate60 series/x5 series, which they can buy when they pick up their cars. And Hwa provides a better experience with cellular end-to-end connections, so Hwa’s strong demand for the mate 60/x5 series, and Hwa’s branding effect, have given some impetus to the marketing of Newm7 in the Newm7.
Figure 13: New Enquiry M7 strictly follows the G-level standard of the Intra-Car Members Security Index, Figure 14: New Enquiry M7 is highly powerful as a result of the apparent price reduction and design and addresses user safety concerns through numerous real scene tests
Table 3: Question No. 2024.m7 represents a marked price increase over the old, and is much more powerful and less priced than the ideal level of 1.7 smart driving. Question No. 9 is a technological solution for all-breathing smart cars, and orders have burst since the market, and there are more than half a million consecutive champions for sales. On the basis of questions no.m5, m7, companies and China continue to explore high-end suv markets.
On December 26, 2023, the question world launched six editions of the Panorama flag ship suv asks m9.
The product matrix is further enriched by ads 3.0 smart drivers, super-power submersibles, and harmonyos 4 smart cabins, among other things. The order has burst since New World M9 was listed, and there are more than half a million successive car-type champions with cumulative orders, breaking over 200,000 and pushing the impact of the Question World Series.
Thanks to its safety, intelligence and design concepts: (1) safety, the safety of the question world is greatly improved, both passive and primary; (2) intelligence, the driving of the question world, the driving of the question world, and the intelligent cabin, have brought with them excellent experiences and have effectively reduced driving fatigue; and (3) design concepts, the safety of the question world is greatly enhanced.
The details of the zero-gravity seat, privacy security, etc., are extremely well realized. Figure 16: The order has burst since the new m9 was marketed, and the chain of 500,000 continues to be connected to figure 15: The board of m9 is carrying a technological solution for a fully fledged smart car, and so on.
The company's performance at the beginning of the new energy business was relatively modest, despite the use of the questions series in 2021-2023.
During the year, the company ' s new energy car sf5 showed a small spread, but overall sales, collections, and net return profits were relatively stable compared to the margin. In 2022, a marked release of m5, m7 drove the company to higher yields, but the company ' s losses continued to grow as a result of the relatively large initial investment in the series of developments.
In September, when a new m7 was introduced, a significant increase in sales was achieved, resulting in only a modest one-year increase in the company ' s revenue in 2023; on the profit side, the series of questions continued to be invested, and the company was still in a state of loss, but the company ' s losses were reduced because of the scale and the higher return on its investments following the introduction of the Sresz electric replenishment.
The benefits of the high end-of-the-art sector m7, m9, which has been released in large volumes, the company’s revenues have increased significantly, the Māori rate has increased significantly, the cost of the period has fallen consistently, and the annual benefits-scale effects and high end profit margins have been successfully reversed.
During the input period, the sales cost rate was significantly increased by the introduction of the high-end car type, the promotion of the Chinese launch, the flatness of the cross-examination series, the impact of the scale, and the company ' s rate of Māori, which increased significantly in 2021, was still lower. In 2024, with the high-end car type of m7 and m9 on the market, the company ' s Māori rate was still lower.
The same ratio has risen significantly, the multiplier-scale effect has led to a fall in cost during the same period, and the net interest rate of the same company has increased by the same year.2 The firm embrace of China has gone hand-in-hand with the ability to build up, the new car has continued to expand in the future, the high end suv market continues to expand, and the ASN new energy vehicle continues to loot its share of the market.
The market for high-end vehicles has expanded significantly in recent years, b. c. class suv sales have shown remarkable performance. In recent years, the market for high-end vehicles has continued, with more than 200,000 to 300,000/300-400,000/400,000 cagr in passenger traffic amounting to 13.3%, 12.3%, and 3.8%, respectively. The distribution of class b suv in 2024 was significantly higher than the volume of class B cars, and the rate of increase was significantly faster;
The market share and pattern of the autonomous high- and medium-end new energy sub-sources continues to be concentrated, and there is still a large amount of national production replacement space. In recent years, there has been a clear trend of electro-dynamicization in the medium- and high-end suv market, with medium-sized, medium-sized, large-scale and large-scale growth in 2024.
The penetration rate of new energy vehicles in the suv market was 46.8 per cent, 67.6 per cent and 86.1 per cent respectively, while the share of autonomous brands continued to rise, with 50.1 per cent, 66.5 per cent, and 86.4 per cent of the ownership of medium-, medium- and large suv markets in 2024.
In addition, in 2024, despite a decline in the sale of high-end fuel in multiple joint ventures, there was still a significant volume of sales and a large national alternative space. The incremental power pattern was significantly enhanced in medium- and high-end vehicles, and intelligentness became a high- and medium-cost consumer choice.
An important consideration of the end-of-cycle model. The amplifier mode is gaining preference in the medium-to-high-end vehicle type: (1) the amplitude model is more prominent than fuel and plug-in vehicles, and the high-end vehicle battery is more powerful and better able to meet the daily travel needs of the city: (3) the amplitude vehicle is more powerful than the pure tram, which can be powered by motors.
The electrical and electronic structures are more similar to those of a pure electric vehicle. Thus, retail sales of an incremental vehicle with more than 10,000 models are 9/14 per cent per 27 per cent, respectively. Meanwhile, with continued advances in the intellectualization of cars, consumers are more comfortable with intelligent driving in terms of reducing driving fatigue, releasing freedom of travel, and so on.
The senses of the intelligent cabin experience have increased significantly, and intelligentization has gradually become a high-end vehicle model. The Autonomous brand of new energy, the source of which continues to capture the market share of high-end joint fuel trucks because of its relative intellectual prominence.
Figure 30: Urban noa penetration rate of over 200,000 new energy vehicles in 2024, with a higher market share in medium-to-high-end models 2.2; IQ model currently working with the most successful car firms, which are enabled by China ' s product definition/technology/marketing, etc.
In the age of smart cars, cars have moved from traditional mechanical to software-defined products, but traditional cars rely on intelligent technologies that are represented by intelligent driving.
When the fields of chips, software, algorithms and so on are relatively weak, they require technological enablement from technology companies. With their own accumulation of technology over many years in the ict field, deep-powered cars are undergoing an intelligent transformation. Specifically, they are mainly through parts and components suppliers (providing single or multiple parts), hi (providing smart drivers or smart cabins, etc.), etc.
In 2024, more than 20 companies collaborated with China, of which the hei model was raised to about 40%. And the smart selection model that was chosen by the community was the most participatory model of cooperation, and the company was currently the Chinese model of intellectual choice.
Table 4: China is an enabler through three models: spare parts suppliers, hi, and smart choice, and the most involved is the smart selection model, which is a leading all-shelter intelligence technology that can help car companies to quickly complete the technology shortboards.
About US$ 10 billion a year is invested in more than 7,000 direct research and development personnel, with a range of products such as car-borne light, big lights, hud, chips, algorithms (including smart driving, smart cabins, etc.), clouds, electric machines, power control, power management, etc. For traditional car companies, the amount of computing, data, and funding required for driving is very large, and for short-term, large-scale inputs are needed.
It's not easy to do better, so the number of cars working with China is growing. Figure 31: China provides smart driving, smart cabins, smart car lights, smart car controls, etc.
It's the location of high-end vehicles, such as the World Bank, that overlaps with the high-end location of the Chinese mobile phone. It's high-end, high-end, high-end smartphone markets in the country, and has a large fan base. According to the numbers of couterpoints, canalys, in 2024, China delivered about 46 million smartphones.
The rate is about 16%, with high-end smartphones over $600 reaching about 23 million, with a 29% market share, and about 50% of the total stock of smartphones in China. The capacity of Chinese mobile phone consumers is generally strong, with three-fold mobile phone users in high-line cities, middle-level, based on data from high-level daily interactions.
High consumption levels are significantly higher than industry averages. With a large Chinese high-end cellular fan base, the high-end vehicle model under the banner of Hong Mengji has a relatively large pool of potential guests, including a number of high-end business people, whose mobile phone business has a clear flow effect on automobile operations. In September 2023, China became a high-heat of the mate 60 series.
In September 2024, China launched its first three-fold global screen phone, which is maxtext, along with its nine-to-five editions, with a clear flow effect on the accumulation of m9 orders.
The distribution points below the border can be divided into two main categories: the experience centre and the user centre, which are the largest consumer electronics industry, the door shop, and the online distribution channel, which can give you access to brand-style sales under the banner of the Quaker Mind. The door shop can be divided into two main categories: the experience centre and the user centre, which is primarily responsible for product experience and marketing.
New vehicle delivery and after-sales services are also provided at the User Centre. According to data from Jeran Road, by the end of 2024, there were over 270 user centres in the world, the rest being mainly experience centres.
According to the annual report, as of 2023, it was an authorized service centre, including 15 flagship shops and more than 300 square metres of intelligent life. In addition, it had established an official marketing channel for Hong Meng Qing, and a vehicle under the banner of Hong Meng Qian can also enter China.
For marketing purposes, online channels can also facilitate the sale of cars such as the World of Questions.
We're leading the new power, and we're talking about it through the public number, video number, mobile phone launch, spring landing night, and so on.
It has a large fan base in consumer electronics for many years, and it has a great view of end public numbers, video numbers, microblogging, etc.
At the same time, a number of meetings have been held in conjunction with the launch of the New Cars and the New Mobile Phones, such as the Quakers 'm5' launch at the Noova11 and Global Voices launch, the Quests 'm9' release at the Quest 9 and the Quest 's winter full-time launch, and the Quakers' personal presentation of the Quest Masters of the Terminal Operations.
In the year, 780 light shows, made up of m9 in the world of inquiry, showed the full technical properties of the product. Figure 36: China is leading the series of questions through the public number, the video number, the new editions of the mobile phone, and the spring evenings of landings.
It's the end video, the end-public, the end-user, the end-user, the end-of-the-end video.
2.3. “Leadering the embrace of China + Self-Reducing Technology” is rapidly developing, and “expanding distribution channels + acquisition of production” is helping to move forward.
The company began working with China in 2021, and was keenly aware of the tendency of suv to increase its popularity in the domestic market, choosing suv products from the beginning of its collaboration with China, which is also the most successful product form of its current collaboration. At the same time, the company has a multidimensional approach to its internal management.
Xihua. For example, the Chinese system of ipd (integrated product development) and ipms (integrated product marketing clothing) further empowers the corporate industry with leading intellectual manufacturing capabilities in flow management and end-to-end product management, significantly improving production efficiency, quality control, marketing channel coverage, consumer experience, etc.
The introduction of the ipd and ipms system in the company, in process management and in figure 38: the company learns to publish the share plan, and the firm is deeply bound.
Corporate self-research of the super-intellectual platform magic, which integrates security, power, chassis, software across domains and aims at users.
Provides an intelligent car experience of "opening, working, and super-safe." The corporate self-research of the super-intelligent platform, which is characterized by "all-sight security, multiple power, variable space, intellectual leadership": (1) pan-sight safety: the Division applies industry-initiated "all-sight safety" systems on the Cube platform, allowing it to be driven by a combination of hardware and software.
In the case of m9, the advanced architecture design, material design and process technology is truly safe and secure. At the same time, the Cube platform focuses on privacy security and really does “detect only, do not collect data”; supports data segregation between different accounts; and removes both end-of-the-car and cloud-end data by one key; and (2) multiple power:
Cube platforms can be compatible with super-increment, pure electricity, and super-mixed power. Based on the constant exploration of incremental technologies, the heat efficiency of the company ' s 5.0-speed system is 45%, and the power conversion efficiency is 3.65kwh/l, which is equivalent to 1l oil, generating 3.65 degrees. In addition to the breakthrough in incremental technology, the company has successfully launched a high integrated power drive 7 in the power drive area.
Together, the power and control volume was reduced by 30 per cent, the whole body was reduced by 15 per cent, the maximum system efficiency was 96 per cent, and performance performance and continuity of the entire vehicle was increased: (3) variable spaces: the magic platform was coloured in its chassis, vehicle type and size, and supported the expansion of the full-size, full-sized and full-carrying model from class B to level D, from limo to suv, mpv.
At the same time, the Cube platform is flexible enough to carry a single/double air spring, cdc, back wheel rotation, etc., so as to enhance ease, suitability and manipulation; (4) Wisdom lead: the Cube platform uses a central computing, integrated area control, standardized access module architecture that matches a cloudy big data application platform with super arithmetic, super-integral, and can be significant
At the same time, the Cube platform is 100% soa, with more than 1,300 api interfaces open, with access to more than 5,000 applications. In addition, the Cube platform can be insensitively upgraded to give users a driving experience that is “new as it gets fresh as it gets better”.
A powered system that shows that the Cube platform has multiple advantages, such as better technical certification, more reliable product quality, shorter development cycles and lower cost, thus laying a solid foundation for the roll-out of company follow-on products.
Figure 40: Cube platform is compatible with super-increment, pure electricity, super-mixed power forms.
Figure 41: Cube platform supports full-size, full-carry extension modules from level B to level D, from sedan to suv, mpv, and provides extreme scenery vehicle experience
It is expected that further progress will be made through intensive cooperation with China’s largest automobile dealer, the Middle and Higher Group. After a long period of Chinese-channel traffic empowerment, a clear breakthrough has been achieved in the branding and sales of the series. One of the important initiatives is to further expand sales.
On November 11, 2024, the largest car dealer group in the country announced that Cyrus had signed a preliminary agreement with him to negotiate further negotiations on a cooperative distribution of new energy vehicles under the Cyrus flag. Since the acquisition of Infu China in 2021, the Chinese government has been actively engaged in a campaign to promote a new energy market.
For the third year in a row, the Sino-China Group, which is the champion of the 100th-high-ranking car dealer, has focused on running luxury and high-end cars, Toyota, 37 Toyota, 24 BMWs, 25 Odys, 21 Volvos, and 16 Jaguar Tigers. 32 strategic central cities run by the Sino-China Group (with a national presence).
62.7% of luxury car users) by the end of 2024 there were about 18.9 million luxury brands, thousands of new energy luxury brands, represented by Tesla, Ideas and Quest, and the Middle and Higher Group in these 32 centres, which account for about 14.1% of the city ' s luxury car brand users. Ask the community for its own model sales to increase the purchase demand for luxury car brands.
For the most part, the conversion of traditional fuel truck dealers from China-China to China-China has contributed significantly to the growth in sales. For example, in addition to China-China-based groups, Guangjiang is also a market dealer, indicating that in the first half of 2024, five such stores were operating under the banner of the United States-China border, selling about 2,600 new vehicles and completing nearly 8,400 maintenance services.
The company currently has three smart factories with an annual capacity of about a million, with super-plants setting industry markers with intellectual excellence, and the innovative use of the “in-house” model is conducive to efficient synergy.
Factories, annual production capacity of about millions: (1) two river plants: mainly m5, annual design capacity of 150,000; (2) Phoenix plant: mainly m7, annual design capacity of 150,000; and (3) two river superplants: mainly m9, m8, annual design capacity of 700,000. Especially superworks are examples of corporate intelligence.
More than 1,600 smart-assembled equipment and over 3,000 robotics were combined to automate 100% of the presses, welding and coating workshops. At the same time, the super-plants pioneered the use of 10,000-scale integrated casting machines, which allowed 87 parts to be assembled into one component, reduced by 28%, and 222 parts into 10, welding points.
In addition, the super-plant innovation, which integrates multiple supply chain firms into the super-plant, achieves localized simultaneous production and supply. Under this model, in the production process, it takes less than 20 minutes from the company to the supplier's line of production.
According to the Chongqing daily report, a new energy vehicle can be offline in 30 seconds at the latest. According to the Economic Reference Report, the Superworks are designed to produce 150,000 units in the year series of m9 and use of chemical energy in January-September 2024.
In March 2025, the company successfully acquired 100% of Yong Seong’s new energy stock, and the company will take possession of all of the super-plants.
The company states that the acquisition of the ownership of the supermarket will allow production and operation to be more stable and help secure timely delivery of the blasted car. At the same time, the acquisition responds to the construction of the “33618” modern manufacturing cluster in Chongqing, which plays the role of the company as the owner of the new energy chain.
The cost of leasing, which will lead to a significant reduction in cash spending on the acquisition of supermarkets, will also help to increase corporate profitability. Figure 47: The company now has three smart factories in Chongqing, with about a million figures 48: the company superworks will build industry poles with intellectual leadership, and the “in-plant” model will help to achieve efficient synergies.
2.4. Question area, m8 and multi-channel removable vehicles are on the market and continue to benefit from the market dividend of high-end new energy subv. Question area, m5ultra: price increases, full upgrades in color, cabin, driving, driving, safety five dimensions.
The driving perception program (126-line laser radar products are relatively old) shows a more powerful combination of products such as the ideal one six, and the sales fall quickly after a short rush. thousands of dollars. The new car continues to locate medium suv with a long width of 4770/1930/1625 mm and an axle range of 2880 mm.
The new car has been completely upgraded in terms of size, cabin, driving, driving, safety, etc. (1) appearance: new white, shadow-violet paints; (2) interior: 15.6 inch control and 10.25 inch LCD instrument combinations, with a new block-to-shield design and a new red tea.
(c) In the smart cabin: support four area voice recognition awakening, facial recognition, application shop, mobile phone app remote control, etc.; and (iv) in the smart driving: upgrade to ads3.3 smart driving system with 192 linear laser radar and
4dmm wave radar, which supports high-speed/urban pilot pilot driving, smart parking, etc., adding aeb to all collision prevention, automatic emergency re-routing of eaes (side of the brakes); (5) power system: continued provision of incremental and power sized limitations remain, but at prices, colours, cabins, intelligent driving, driving, safety, etc.
In the context of a full-scale upgrade, sales are expected to improve. Question 9: Intelligent technology is defined as “China’s luxury.”
His technology, such as mechanical qualities, is also favoured by consumers because of their long build-up of brand recognition and luxury. But in the new energy age, China’s rise and significant lead in power technology have weakened the power edge of traditional luxury cars, as well as China’s leadership in smart cabins, smart driving, etc., to fully satisfy the new generation of consumers.
In this context, China has become an outstanding representative of China’s technological excellence, and has become a big cashier. With the increase in intelligence, motivation, security, and so on, China’s prices are expected to remain relatively stable.
2025 asks m9 to locate large suv with a width of 5230/1999/1800 mm with an axle range of 3110 mm, divided into five and six versions: (1) appetit: new red double-coloured car paint; (2) interior seating: punctuated cloud seats, upgraded double-sewn sewn processes, and the main chair upgrades electrically scalding cushions. At the same time, upgrades of smart lasers dropped
The screen system is 2.0 per cent, resolution is raised by 200 per cent, brightness is increased by 63 per cent; hidden light machines and vehicle windows are upgraded. Outside this, the second row adds a maglinkmini control screen to enable full-car connection, upgrades the electric switch compressor cooler, back rows are selected to fit all new smart privacy windows to support multiple modes of regulation; (3) intelligent driving: carrying the darts
3.3 Smart driving system, equipped with 4 laser radars to support high-speed/urban pilot pilot driving, smart parking, all-way collision capabilities, etc.: (4) power: provision of incremental and pure electrical options, with full-scale 1.5t booster, with maximum power from 112 kW to 118 kW, and a combined power of 365 kW for both front and back electric machines; (5) other configurations,
New item m9 is also a satellite-based, innovative, distributed satellite communication, and satellite-based communication capabilities can be shared by thousands of dollars. Thus, in a context of relative stability in the price system, new item m9 is expected to continue to shock the luxury fuel suv market and continue to explode.
Question 2025: M9 is on the market for 21 days, and it's 306,000. Question 8: Fill the price gap between m7 and m9.
At present, in the 35-45 million suv market, in addition to a few new energy suvs such as the ideal l7/8/9, the 300 new power source of the tanks, and the few new suvs such as the U.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.
Question area 8 fills the price gap between m7 and m9 in the world of inquiry, and the price of smart technology is expected to be re-created. Question area 8 is located in the medium and large suv, with a long width of 5190/1999/1795 mm and an axieties of 3105 mm.
The size is basically close to the flag ship suv question m9 and ideal l9. The new car is pre-sale at $36.8-458,000, which is about $100,000 cheaper than the m9, and is expected to bring China to a lower price. Specifically, (1) question m8 provides 5/6 layouts, and two or three rows of seats support electric adjustments and reversals.
The new car is equipped with a million pixel intelligence lights that not only provide light projection technology similar to m9 in the world of inquiry, but also automatically adjust the lighting range to road conditions.
Horse power, with a maximum speed of 200 km/hour. Combined with pure electrical renewal, a combined voyage of 1526 km and 100 km of oil consumes only 6.6 litres and is clearly ahead of the same price of fuel sov; (3) with regard to continuation, depending on the configuration of the vehicle, a combination of 37kwh and 53.4kwh cell capacity of m8 is asked, with 201km and 201km in cltc, respectively.
310km, leading industry; (4) smart driving; (4) smart driving; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulator; circulator; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulatory; circulator; circulator; circorcial; and circulatory.
The layout of the three screens, including the side-drive, the medium-controlled vehicle is equipped with the harmonyos4 system and provides several loudspeakers for the huawei sound and the new car with the hud head-up system; (6) on the bottom of the disk, cross-checking m8 is the whole system, marked China as the intellectual chassis, the double power drive, the air suspension plus the edc as the mutant negator and Hua as the superior mind.
A driver's system. With the support of the Mirage platform, the question m8 can be more precise, real-time previewing and judging of road condition information, and can be adjusted in real time by darts dynamically adapting themselves to the torque control system and the xmotion smart body co-control system, so that vehicles can better adapt to different road conditions in terms of support, torque, hangover hardness, etc.
See, with space and intelligent technology close to the question world, which is expected to become another high-end suv market, promoting the scale of the series of sales and the continued increase in the average price.
At the same time, the company will either raise the price of the new M7 in order to compete for the wrong place, as the most recent request for m7. The new car is expected to be on board as the newest smart cabin and smart driving technology.
Some configuration upgrades are expected to increase product strength. In the context of the market listing of m8 and multi-channeled removable vehicles, firm size effects and high-end trends are expected to increase, thereby increasing corporate profitability.
On December 5, 2023, the Chongqing municipality issued a circular on the Chongqing city's “Ring Out of the Sea” action plan, which sounded like the corner of Chongqing's accelerated trip to the sea. The circular mentioned that, by 2027, Chongqing's annual exports accounted for the entire country.
The target share of annual exports is 10%; one or two of the country’s leading smart-networked new-energy automobile exporting firms and brands are being built, and companies are being better equipped to operate overseas; the smart-net new-energy automobile industry is generating a stronger international radiation capacity, with exports exceeding $12 billion a year.
• Support the active deployment of whole-car companies;
The company’s overseas market placement continued to grow rapidly in 2020-2023, but there is still more room for development than in the domestic market. The company’s overseas market placement for many years, the two brands of Séres and dfsk, has been well developed.
Electric cars have been exported to more than 70 countries and regions around the world, including South America, Africa, the Middle East, South-East Asia and Europe. In January of this year, the company was able to conclude contracts with more than 20 partners from Europe, the United States, Africa and Asia, with more than 20,000 new orders; and in June 2023, the company held a séres.
5 The first user delivery ceremony in Europe; in October 2023, the company landed in Latin America with Séres5 to gain full access to the Brazilian market; company automobile exports grew by nearly 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis throughout 2023, and the Department of Overseas Operations convened an overseas business conference in 2024, representing more than 300 dealers from 62 countries and regions around the world.
Seats: In June 2024, the company organized its first launch in the Middle East region, and the first appearance of products such as Séres 5 and Séres 7 took place in the United Arab Emirates; in July 2024, the company announced the purchase of trademarks and related patents for 2.5 billion dollars to be officially sold at sea in order to ask for brand names; in October 2024, the company, composed of M9, m7 and m5, “Quest for the River Ji-mi”
The European Bank's motorcade, which traveled through 12 countries for 38 days, finally arrived in Paris for the 90th Paris Car Fair; throughout the year, the company's revenue from overseas operations fell by the same year in 2024, but represented only 2.9 per cent of the company's total revenue, and there was an extraordinary development space, especially in the context of the growing offshore layout of the question-and-answer series.
Figure 57: Companies have been deployed in overseas markets for many years, and in the future high-end new energy vehicles are expected to be important growth points in the company ' s overseas business.
At the company’s 2024 Overseas Business Congress, Chairman Zhang Xinghai said that the company would accelerate the deployment of the overseas market by leading the series’s new energy source model. On the basis of traditional luxury, the community would define the car by software.
Cars, technology-enabling systems that create smart products, smart security, and intelligent services across the value chain, provide a new plentiful experience. The Paris Car Fair will be the highlight of a series of questions that will open the way to full access to the sea and enter high-end markets abroad.
The Division indicated that its overseas operations were robust, with export vehicles moving from low-end micro-commercial vehicles to high-end smart electric vehicles: the export unit price was raised from $5,000 to up to $40,000 (the export value of the seres5 end retail in Europe was over $60,000), and export markets were extended to European markets such as Germany and France.
In the United Arab Emirates, 2024 pieces of seres7 were introduced at an official guideline price of approximately DH21-260,000 (about DH40.5-$501,000 at that time), significantly higher than the domestic average. In the future, the contribution of the high-end vehicle series to companies in the overseas market is expected to rediscover its value in the domestic market.
Figure 62: motorcade of m9/m7/m5 in October 2024, Figure 63: With the advantage of the field of electro-intelligent technology, the Paris Car Fair was conducted through 12 countries, over 38 days, and eventually arrived in Paris for the Paris Car Fair.
A series of cars has received great attention: recruiting overseas business talent, promoting overseas localization, acquiring trademarks to ease obstacles to sea travel, creating an internationalized capital operating platform on the h stock market, and companies operating out of the sea.
Exhibition, the company has undertaken a multi-dimensional layout: (1) talent recruitment: the company actively recruits talent in supply chains, marketing, production capacity building, legal services, etc., and builds a system of overseas marketing and compliance; (2) localization: the company will deepen its overseas localization. These include the creation of local sales companies, the construction of overseas factories, etc.
With the build-up, companies have built more than 1,000 marketing services networks, three marketing service centres, and eight kd assembly plants overseas. On August 8, 2024, company president Ho Liyan said that the localization of high-end vehicles was well under way overseas; and (3) the acquisition of trademarks has eased the obstacles to going to sea: on July 2, 2024, the company,
The proposed acquisition of Chinese trademarks and patents at $2.5 billion would be the beginning of an internationalization of the brands. Previously, the brands were Chinese, but China was the target of United States sanctions, its smart cockpit and its smart driving, the risks of sanctions in overseas markets.
Companies have autonomous intellectual property rights and the risks associated with the layout of a series of overseas operations will be significantly reduced: (4) an internationalized capital operating platform is to be created on the h stock market: on the evening of 31 March, the company announced that, in order to further advance the globalization strategy, an internationalized capital operating platform would be created to improve integrated competitiveness, and companies would be launching off-the-border listings.
By listing on h shares, companies can raise more money not only for product development, offshore business development, but also for overseas investors, helping to increase their branding influence in the international market.
Figure 64: Companies actively recruit supply chains, marketing, capacity-building, legal matters, etc.
Transferor: HwaforTech Ltd. Substitute: Cyrus Motors Ltd.
The company offers a new profit growth point for the only currently attractive smart model, such as a forward-looking robot, which is the company's only ever-visited smart model.
The company has an advantage in terms of empowerment, and is expected to enjoy the future of the company, which is currently only an attractive model of intellectual choice, in order to create an independent vanbu-related technology, assets and interests.
But, in empowering car companies, China is determined to build technology to address the issue of “Soul theory.”
More specifically, in January 2024, China set up a 100% hold on $1 billion and announced that it would open up its shareholdings. The focus is on intellectual and car solutions, which provide clients with smart driving, smart cabins, smart car controls, smart car clouds, intelligence.
In January 2025, China began loading the technology, asset ownership and people in the car. On March 31, the business change registration process for the transfer of equity was completed, and the company officially held 10% of the equity in the stock exchange.
The relationship of power is linked, and companies are expected to gain more technological power, such as smart driving, smart cabins, and so forth, leading the industry. At the same time, with China’s rapid growth in cooperative car sales, carbu is expected to make a profit, if not a larger one, and the company, as the first equity player, is expected to earn a return on investment in the long run.
Intense products are mainly hardware and software related to smart cars, where the hardware business is expected to provide mdc, laser radar, etc.
Ar-hud, multi-power total product, with over 23 million hardware products delivered in 2022-2024, respectively; in software operations, the expectation is that it will provide dry-drilling and Hong Quantities, and with such intellectual model brands as Aveta and so on, software and service operations will be able to increase the amount and percentage of their brands.
Of course, with the subsequent growth in sales of the cooperative car, the expected size of the collection is expected to continue to grow rapidly and increase profitability, while the concentration of customers is expected to decline. Hardware operations are in the manufacturing sector, with significant scale effects, in the context of the continued rapid increase in the volume of spare parts.
On the software business side, the marginal costs of subsequent optimization and development of the new functionality will decline rapidly and will also increase the Māori rate markedly. On the cost side of the period, the main costs of the reference period are from the R&D costs of hardware and software, and 2024h1 of the total cost of the period.
As smart hardware and software technology are fairly common in the cooperative model, the cost of matching later models will decrease significantly, and the scale effect is expected to drive a significant reduction in the R&D cost rate. Year-on-year, 2024h1 will decline. In terms of sales costs, driven by scale effects, it will be absolute in size and cost rates.
In the context of the increase in the Māori rate, it is expected that 2024h1 will yield significant gains, with a net profit of 2,231 million, 3.2 per cent for mothers, synergy between auto and robotic operations, and a forward-looking layout with intelligent areas, and that the city will send several letters to support the development of the robotics industry, and the company's declared project will be successfully elected to Chongqing City.
In June 2023, Chongqing held a conference to promote quality in manufacturing and proposed a modern manufacturing cluster of 33618, of which “18” refers to the development of 18 “new stars” for the world's technological frontier.
Industry clusters, of which the ai and the robots are one of the high-growth industrial clusters; (2) October 2024, the Chongqing City “Robots Plus” Application Action Plan (2024-2027) was launched, proposing that Chongqing will focus on the focus of human applications, breaking through a group of robotic critical technologies and developing high-end robotic products.
In the area of robotics + manufacturing, Chongqing will focus on digital transformation needs in areas such as automobiles, creating typical manufacturing applications such as smart testing, assembly, portering, welding and spraying, developing distinctive smart industrial machines, developing digital workshops, smart factories, and other scenario solutions, driving robotics like heavy load, collaboration, complexes, etc.
Innovative R & D and scale applications; (3) In February 2025, Chongqing published the first project list of smart robots, in which the company successfully selected two projects for the development of smart robots with big models and key technologies for the application of the car kit. The purpose of the show is to focus on new energy sources.
Cars, low-altitude economies, and the extension of the ecological chain of robotics, such as Chongqing, have now become an annual product of 1 million new energy cars. With the strong support of the city, Chongqing's robotics industry has the potential to produce substantial results in areas such as automobile manufacturing.
Figure 73: The i and the robots are one of the 18 "New Star Industry clusters" of the "33618" modern architecture that Chongqing focuses on.
List category: Open scene (New Energy Motor Directions for Smart Nets) Demand unit: Cyrus Motors Ltd. project content: study of elastic data collection systems adapted to the car ' s overalls, surprise
Disruptive quantitative design, comfortable wear and non-disturbed collection techniques, real-time collection of multi-source isomer data, such as visual, tactile and position positions, and multisensor integration marking techniques.
Research on time-use control, dynamic balance control and flexible operating algorithms based on diffusion strategies and imitation learning.
And sub-action-based meta-scale generalization technology that allows robots to operate efficiently and dynamically in the vehicle assembly process, in the removal, fine-assembly and dynamic decomposition tasks.
Intelligent work and humans work together. Applying validation in equipment inspections, non-touch handling, zero installation debugging, and disassembly inspections. Automobiles create natural applications for robots, and cars and robots have a strong common use in hardware and software.
There are multiple advantages to car entrepreneurship robotics: (i) there are real applications. There are many links in car manufacturing that can be replaced by robots, and large-scale robotic applications can be used to improve productivity and reduce labor.
The hardware of sensors, controllers, chips, batteries, electric machines, cooling systems, deceleration/conversion agencies, bearings, etc. are widely used in the automobile and robotic industries. For example, sensors and controllers, smart drivers and the normal operation of robots require cameras, laser radars,
Sensors like millimetre-wave radars acquire environmental information, and the controller then makes the corresponding decisions based on the input of environmental information, so that the implementer can act accordingly.
There is a natural advantage in the agency’s robotic business: (3) the similarities of software algorithms. Auto-smart drivers and human machines, in their autonomous processing tasks, are essentially the three links of “sense-regulation-execution” and car companies have long-term exploration at the algorithm level.
Figure 76: The human robot algorithm consists mainly of the three components of “sense-regulation-execution”, which are highly similar to the intelligent driver.
To advance the layout of robotic business. As a leading ict firm, the treaky chip can provide marginal computing support, while a cloud, an ancient model, as a cloud's brain, can empower robots to process their daily business and to evolve their algorithms. At the same time, it is a smart driving algorithm that has been in place for many years in the area of car intelligence and has a leading industry.
In addition, China has extensive cooperation with a large number of car companies, such as the auto business, its insistence on non-car construction, its use of smart technology and its marketing skills, and its large-scale production, which is largely based on the capacity of a cooperative company, believes that robotics can be used as a means of production.
We can also find partners and focus ourselves on the development of smart technologies. In fact, China has a long history of operating in the field of robots: (1) in April 2022, it signed a cooperation agreement with the Davao droids to build the Tianai ecology and promote the prosperity of the cloudy robot industry: (2) in June 2023, the Dong Dynasty Machine.
Founded as Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors of Hua and President of Manufacturing, Li Jianguo, to actively explore the field of robotics. Key components: (3) June 2024, cosmopolitan hymn hydc 2024, developer assembly, big models of cloudy intelligence. An ancient model of intelligence is designed to enhance robot intelligence.
The model has a multi-model (text, image, video) capability that allows robots to simulate human common sense for logical reasoning, enable robots to complete complex mission planning more than 10 steps, and achieve multi-profiling and multitasking in mission execution.
In March 2012, Chinese mobile and conglomerate co-published a 5g-a technology-based human robot, which will be integrated into an advanced manufacturing laboratory in 2012, the Yunei Products Department in Hua, and the London Institute in China.
The introduction of a 5g-a technology on a standard version of masculinity robots would allow high-precision positioning in the big picture, while allowing users to remotely manipulate human robots in real time. It was believed that, in the long run, China would be expected to play an important role in robotic intelligence technology and critical components, as in the case of smart car operations.
Fig. 78: Wa, for example, for the release of an ancient and intelligent big model designed to enhance robot intelligence and generalization capabilities, Fig. 79: Wa, for the service of the Tungai cloud, can be trained in a big intelligent model. Fig. 80: Wa, for the end-to-end smart driving algorithm, has been laid for a long time.
In the field of forward-looking robotics, there is now a start on the recruitment of skilled personnel, product development, and so on.
Visible observation of the development prospects of the robotic industry, which has accelerated in recent years: (1) On December 29, 2023, the company, jointly with Chongqing Treasury Holdings, established the Chongqing Celebrity Phoenix Ingenuity Technology Ltd., which was accepted in October of the year; (3) On November 4th, 2024, the company published on an open platform with smart people.
The new company will invest heavily in the development and industrialization of robotic technology, exploring not only the potential of robotic technology to increase automation in industrial production, but also to reduce human costs.
(5) On March 22, 2025, for the first time, the company created a position of “intellectual and model engineer” in its recruitment to the campus.
The company, which is owned by Carycex Phoenix Technology Ltd. and Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, holds 70% and 30% respectively, and operates in the areas of smart robot development, smart robot sales, service consumer machine manufacturing, service consumer robot sales, etc.
Technical cooperation from Xiao Xiao's partner and the accumulated experience of scale production in the entire car sector, robotic operations are expected to become companies. Figure 81: The company's forward-looking robotics field, where recruitment of skilled personnel, product development, etc., has now been initiated. Figure 83: On 17 March 2025, the company was founded with limited technology in Chongqing.
Intelligent, human robot-related recruitment information, which will be heavily invested in the development and industrialization of robotic technology, product manager c.
In the Chongqing-Sarong Dam area for more than 10 years,1 market research and analysis: in charge of trend analysis, competition research and user behaviour research on the market for consumer-grade smart robots (human robots, machine dogs). Data support for product planning and market insight and timely sharing of research results
The financial strength of products is ensured by market demand and corporate strategies, long-term development planning and short-term iterative plans for smart robot products, including product design concepts.3 Product definition: working closely with id design, hardware and software development teams, drafting and publishing relevant product documents, prd, featurelist, etc., and tracking
Management of product demand from presentation to location.4 Optimization of user experience: continuous optimization of product functionality, upgrading of user experience, continuous product rotation through user feedback, data analysis, etc., to ensure that product meets and exceeds user expectations.
Market extension support: participation in the development of product marketing strategies, presentation of product highlights, presentations, etc., and achievement of internal and external demonstration targets. 3.3. Active deployment of vehicle operations, which are expected to develop in tandem with new energy vehicles in the future.
In September 2024, the Guangqing City Action Programme for the Reform of the Management of the Low Air Area for the High-Quality Development of the Low Air Economy (2024-2027) was launched, with the clear proposal that Chongqing will create a city for innovation in the low-altitude economy.
The low-altitude economic model of point-to-point transport also has a relatively clear scope for development. Thus, the company actively arranges the operation of flying cars, and the company has some advantages as a vehicle company because of the high overlap in the supply chain of spare parts for flying vehicles and new energy vehicles.
S. and Jochen have formed a project team to conduct research and development of smart vehicles and core parts such as vtol. The secretary and chairman of the S.A.S.S.S.S.C. also indicated to Yang that Cyrus had the basis and the ability to enter the research and development area of low-altitude aircraft.
On 20 February, the company signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with the China-China Institute of Electronic Technology in Beijing. Under the agreement, the two parties will focus on the actual business needs of technology, product development and commercialization in emerging industries, strengthening research for synergistic innovation.
Promote the application of science and technology projects in the development and dissemination of new products, taking full advantage of the model of industrial integration, and promote the transformation of science and technology innovations: (3) In February, the company published on its recruitment platform information on the recruitment of senior flight control systems engineers and flight control engineers.
The design of a system for flight control, including flight control algorithms, sensor integration and executive control, ensures the stability and safety of flying vehicles. Looking ahead, the business of flying cars is expected to become another important company, figure 84: On February 20, the company and the China Aerospace Electronic Technology Institute were in the north.
Figure 85: In February, companies applied for the registration of the “flying” trademark, internationally classified as signing of the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement in Kyoto, profit forecasting and investment proposals
At the receiving end, in 2024, the company achieved a significant increase in sales by asking the world for m9 and asking the world for m7 and the same size of the new car type, in 2024, where it asked the world for more than half a million champions in 2024, and asked the world for more than two times as much sales in 2024 after the September 2023 price increase. In 2025, the autonomous high-end new energy suv market.
The company will continue to have a deep, high-end new energy suv market, which will be configured with a cross-checking field of m9, but the price is clearly explored and m8, which is expected to become a much more popular source of money, and to quickly reverse the company’s short-term sales difficulties when it comes to the market in April.
Step up, which is expected to continue to be a bust, but asking if m8 is listed or with a small diversion; asking if m7 is under pressure by his own product power problems in the near future, and that next year's changes are expected to lead to marginal improvements, but the year-round sales are expected to decline in proportion to the year-on-year sales; asking if the price increase of m5 is expected to increase by the same amount. Meanwhile, asking if there is a slight increase in sales in 2025.
In 2026-2027, worldwide m8 is expected to be sold and sales are expected to increase by the same year, while companies are expected to change their cars in the medium term, accelerate their overseas layout and even make it possible to roll out, and are expected to raise the company list due to the high location of border m8 and the presence of premium premiums on a series of products.
At the end of the Māori ratio, as M8 sales are marketed higher than M7 in the question world, the ratio of m8 and m9 sales to total sales in the question world series will increase significantly, and the stacking of questions will open the sea, promising to drive the company Māori at the return on investment, and with the increase in sales of the Hi and IQ model, it is hoped that the gain will be achieved in 2024.
The company, as the first to be selected as a leading intellectual model, will work together as the most successful car company in the current smart model, and will soon become the leader of the high-end new energy suv market, with its deep-seated capabilities such as smart technology, product definition, marketing, etc.
The roll-out of the upgraded category of m9 will continue to enhance the competitiveness of the company’s products and will continue to benefit from the expansion of the relevant market. At the same time, the company, as a leading venture capitalist intellectual model, will benefit from the benefits of investment in China, in addition to its pre-eminence in terms of empowerment, as well as from the benefits of investment in the future.
In addition, the company’s forward-looking layout, in the cutting edge of technology such as smart, flying cars, is expected to create a new growth curve by creating synergies between the entire business and the field of hardware and software. We have chosen the new energy vehicle, Biadi, the ideal car-w, as a comparable company, for the following main reasons: Biadi
As a new energy vehicle leader, electric technology leads, code-based smart technology, high-end brands, seaboard operations are expected to continue to grow; the ideal vehicle-w is another leading company in the high-end new energy suv market, building an I series, a boomerang model, which will be followed by pure electricity; and the series, which is expected to contribute to an increase in sales: the Chang An car as another entry factor.
Prospective car companies also have a pre-eminence in terms of Chinese intellectual technology empowerment. We expect the Division to continue to grow by more than 30% in 2025-2027, adding to the company ' s forward-looking layout, intellectually capable, flying cars, etc., with a certain premium on valuations. We look forward to the company ' s long-term development, first-time reversal.
Guy, give the “buy-in” rating. (1) The demand in the automobile industry is not as high as expected: inadequate overall demand in the automobile industry can affect the volume of sales by firms, and hence the impact of the firm's scale effect.
(2) High-end national product suv penetration is not as high as expected: if the high-end suv market is too demanding on brand power, resulting in less than expected penetration of the national production of new energy suv, it limits the volume of sales by companies. (3) Industry competition increases: if there is more competitive competition in the industry, it will result in sales performance and profits for companies.