The company started trying to change the way it did in 2014 and its performance in 2015 was at first, continuing in 2016.
At the same time, 22 Shanxi Province state-owned enterprises, including wine, are experiencing the highest economic growth and a steady recovery in market consumption. At the end of the 14-quarter period, the economy grew above the national average, the quality of economic performance improved steadily, and market consumption recovered steadily.
The industry continues, and the boss is expected to break through. With rising consumption fueling a rise in benign demand, it promotes a rapid expansion of sub-high-end white wine. At the same time, there is also room for high-end prices, so, yes.
At the sub-high end of $300-600, the value of the sex has continued to rise, and the share of the saffolds in the overall sub-high end is still relatively small, and, based on its brand and market roots, the boss is expected to break through.
42.80% increase; net profit due to mothers is 806 million yuan, or 78.54% increase over the same period. The year 2018 was a challenging year for wine and was marked by a gradual increase in sales of limited-volume saffrons, the integrated operation of the sale of wine and bamboo leaves, and the focus on the external market layout of the province.
Investment advice and profit projections. We believe that the Shanxi Club continues its upward trend, taking into account its strong branding power, the economic recovery in the province, and the deep-rooted reform of the state’s new government.
Qing Xianxi wine has a long history, with three Chinese brands: "Singy", "Sing Yeong" and "Apricot Village" , and is a typical representative of our country's Qing Xiangixian white wine.
It's been a long time since China was famous for five years, and it's been known as the Chinese wine spirit and the Qing Xiang Xiang Xiang's name. The development of the wine was not a smooth one, since it began in 1988 and ended in 1993, and the Apricot Village Liquor industry was the best in light industry in the country for six consecutive years.
First in the economy, the wine industry's "Boss" and "Six Coins" are our wines, yet, since 1994, when the "Boss"' throne was seized by five grains of fluid, it's been down the road, and not only after the Asian financial crisis of 97 and the Scholls of 98, but also after the fact,
The market front began to shrink into the provinces, and the company’s income situation fell into the middle of the day. But, while the apricot fell, it eventually did not fall, the old tree opened.