In China, iron (60190.sh) is growing twice, and new contracts for water and electricity are growing faster. In 2024, the harvest was achieved.
Dragon Skylight 2,715,180 million yuan, equivalent to 12.4 per cent, of which engineering/design consultancy/equipment manufacturing/ feature property/finance operations/resource utilization/financial trade/emerging operations are newly contracted
The Māori rate for design consulting has increased and operating cash flows have maintained a net inflow. The Māori rate for companies was controlled in 2024, maintaining a relatively good level of cash flow.
In 2024, the company entered into a new contract of $22.99 billion for overseas operations, representing 8 per cent of the company's new contract, an increase of 10.6 per cent, the Hungarian Railway, the Peruvian Chancay Tunnel, the Bangladesh Padma Bridge Rail Link, the Georgian kk Road Tunnel, and the Nepal Water Drain.
The company's “second curve” business has a new contract of $425.7 billion, an increase of 11% compared to the previous year, with a number of high-standard farm projects, a flower dam project in Kuzhou province, and a Chinese medium iron project.
Many major projects, such as the Western Mongolia Desert Integrated Management Project (phase 2) within the LAS.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.