Quarterly of 2025: Recovering profits continues to be under pressure, and a new bill was signed on May 06, 2025.
▪ The company issues a quarterly report in 2025. 2025q1 achieved operating income of $249,283 million, or 22.5 per cent, of the same amount. ▪ The collection continues to be under pressure and the Maori rate is generally stable: (1) the company ' s q1 infrastructure, according to the branch of operations.
Building/design consulting/equipment manufacturing/real estate development/other operations, respectively, with infrastructure construction/design consulting/equipment manufacturing/real estate development/other operations gross 4.6 + 5.7 pct, with a reduction in the Māori ratio of traditional operations, but with a higher Māori rate
Increases in income from consultancy, real estate development and other types of operations compared with increases in Māori, and increases in financial cost and asset liability rates as a whole: (1) q1 company period cost of 4.9 per cent, net cash flow of $77.4 billion, outflows of $9.3 billion over the same period, pay/pay ratio, respectively
• The value of newly signed contracts for offshore operations is impressive and is fully guaranteed in hand orders: q1 Company Real: China Iron (601390): First Quarterly Report 2024 56.1 billion yuan, i.e. 9.9 per cent of which consists of construction works/manufacture of equipment/assets.
Review: Little pressure on the growth rate, offshore orders  Profit forecasting and investment rating: macroeconomic downward pressure still under the influence of external shocks, Political Bureau, China Central Iron (601390): 3-quarter report, 2023
The meeting noted the need to step up the implementation of more aggressive macro-policies and to use them more actively.
With the expected increase in domestic demand, capital investment and priority area construction are expected to add to the policy. Based on the traditional capital burden, we anticipate a million dollars, the net profit forecast for 2027 is 29.1 billion yuan.
The policy is expected to be sustained, considering that the company’s valuation as a capital leader is still historically low, and that China’s three major financial forecasting tables, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.