Rating
Date
Company
Wuliangye Yibin
Buy
Forecast Change
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Consumer
000858.SZ
000858 CH
SHZ
Alcohol & Tobacco
Don't leave the party too early;
reiterating Buy
Valuation & Risks
Mark Yuan
Entering secular growth cycle
Research Analyst
After Wuliangye's 130% share price hike in past 12 month, market has increasing
concerns on whether there is still upside. Our view is positive. We expect the
company to enter a secular growth period in 2018-19, and its earnings to grow
Anne Ling
at 29% CAGR in 2018-20, driven by management's strong incentives for growth
Research Analyst
and expanding high end liquor market after Moutai raising price. We revise up
our target price to Rmb98, implying 27x 2018 P/E. We reiterate Buy.
Management has strong incentive to drive sales and improve efficiency
During 1218 distributor meeting, Wuliangye management indicates to achieve
gross sales of Rmb40bn in 2018 and Rmb60bn in 2020 (vs Rmb30bn in 2017E).
Management will invest in channel penetration, brand building and products
streamlining to drive sales growth. Helped by completion of management shares
incentive schemes and strong support from Wuliangye group, we believe the
company could achieve its target.
Price/price relative
Moutai's price hike to release more market for Wuliangye
On Dec 29, Moutai announced to raise ex-factory price by 18% to Rmb969/bottle,
and set retail price at Rmb1499/bottle. As a result, the ex-factory price gap of
Moutai over Wuliangye expands from 10% to 30%. We believe Wuliangye is the
biggest beneficiary of the price hike, helped by the expanding high end liquor
market room released by Moutai.
- Wuliangye Yibin
Shenzhen Index (Rebased)
We are revising up our earnings forecast by 13%-42% for 2018-2020 to factor in a
better volume growth, mix upgrade, and margin expansion, and revise up target
price by 40% to Rmb98 based on DCF model. We are changing our valuation
methodology from EV/EBITDA to DCF as we believe DCF model can incorporate
long-term growth and solid cash flow. Downside risk: channel de-stocking in
high-end liquor sector; food safety; worse than expected macro FAI slow down.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its res Distributed on: 04/01/2018 07:39:06 GMT
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE PEOPLE 'S
REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF
PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Internal driver: management has strong incentive to drive
sales and improve efficiency
During 1218 distributor meeting held on December 18, 2017, Wuliangye
management indicates to achieve gross sales of Rmb40bn in 2018 and Rmb60bn
by the end of 13th five year plan (in 2020). This guidance implies 30% yoy growth
in 2018 compared to Rmb30bn gross sales in 2017E. The company will enhance
its channel, branding and products to achieve the target:
In channel, to increase penetration in "a hundreds of city, a thousands
of country, and ten thousands of stores".
In branding, to increase the marketing in all channels and enhance its
leading position in aromatic liquor category.
In products, to streamline the SKUs and focus in one main brand (the
mainstream Wuliangye), and three products group targeting at super
premium consumers, young consumers and international consumers.
We believe Wuliangye could achieve its sales growth target in 2018-20. The
measures can transform it from a SOE company to a solid FMCG company
with competitiveness in channels, branding and products. More important,
Wuliangye's management has strong incentives to achieve the target, given 1)
the company's management shares scheme has been approved by regulators and
likely to be completed in 2018; 2) 2018 will be the first full year of operation since
Mr Liu Shuguang, the Chairman of Wuliangye group, came on board.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company announcement. Note: The scheme was supposed to be completed before 15 Nov 2017 according to the first
External driver: Moutai's price hike to release more market
room for Wuliangye
On Dec 29, Moutai announced to raise ex-factory price by 18% to Rmb969/bottle,
and raise suggested retail price to Rmb1499/bottle (from Rmb1299/bottle). After
the price adjustment, the ex-factory price gap of Moutai vs. Wuliangye expands
from 10% to 30%, and suggested retail price gap expand from 18% to 36%.
Moutai's price hike should result in increasing demand for Wuliangye. In the
retail end, the expanding price gap will lead to part of private consumption (which
is price sensitive) switching from Moutai to Wuliangye. Meanwhile, distributors
will have less incentives to store up Moutai after price hike, and therefore left more
cash flow for Wuliangye procurement. We forecast volume growth of premium
Wuliangye to speed up helped by the expanding price gap.
Key takeaways from 1218 distributor meeting
To increase gross sales from Rmb30bn in 2017 to Rmb40bn in 2018. The
key drivers will be double digit volume growth in main stream Wuliangye,
increasing sales from low-end Wuliangye (target to achieve Rmb10bn in
2018), and higher portion of high price Wuliangye.
The listed-co: to achieve Rmb60bn sales by the end of 13th five year plan
(2020), including Rmb40bn for main stream Wuliangye and Rmb20bn
for low end Wuliangye.
The group: to achieve Rmb100bn sales by 2020. Management also
shows its confidence in achieving the target earlier than the plan. Liquor
segment will accounts for 2/3 of the total sales.
2. To invest in channels, brandings and products
Channels: through "a hundreds of city, a thousands of country, and
ten thousands of stores" program, increase its penetration in blank
Wuliangye specialty stores. It targets to increase to 8000 core POS and
1500 specialty stores in 2018.
Branding: to increase investment in online marketing and interactions
with consumers.
Products: it will streamline the SKU portfolios and enhance the "1+3"
system. The "1" refers to mainstream Wuliangye. The "3" categories
include 1) super high end portfolios targeting in premium consumers,
i.e. customized Wuliangye and Chinese zodiac Wuliangye; 2) the mild
liquors targeting in younger consumers; and 3) international version of
Wuliangye.
Selling expense ratio to stabilize and decline in next few years
It will continue to implement comprehensive cost management. Through
detail budget management and cost control, the management expects
selling expense ratio to stabilize and decline in next few years
4. Positive in liquor industry trend in 2018.
Management is optimistic and prudent in high end liquor sector, and
believes it could be a bit more optimistic than prudent.
The key industry driver will be consumers' trading up, recovering
macroeconomic, and increasing international demand from "one belt
one road" program.
Meanwhile, the high end liquor sector will continue to gain market share
from low end sector on consumers' trading up.
For 2018, we forecast 31% sales growth, which is largely in line with management
guidance, factoring 18% volume growth for mainstream products, 12% price
increase from product mix, and 33% sales growth from low end mass products.
Meanwhile, we expect Wuliangye's net margin to expand in 2018, helped by
increasing portion of super premium products, lower channel subsidies and
operating leverage.
For 2019-20E, we are revising up our earnings forecast by 26%-42% to factor in
sales
volume of mainstream
Wuliangye,
Higher
helped
management's increasing investment in channel and branding;
meanwhile, Moutai's price hike also expand high end liquor's market.
Increasing sales from mass market SKUs, as the company will allocate
more marketing resources to the categories.
6-10% annual price increase driven by mix upgrade and price hike
Revising up target price to Rmb98; reiterating buy
base on DCF model, factoring in 9.5% WACC (3.9% RFR, 5.6% ERP, 1.0 beta,
debt-free structure) and a 2% terminal growth rate (in line with long term inflation
rate). We reiterate Buy on the stock. Our target price implies 27x P/E with 29%
earnings CAGR in 2018-20, we think this is reasonable given:
Our target P/E is slightly lower than 30x 2018 P/E for China liquor sector;
Wuliangye currently trades at 10% discount to Moutai's due to its weaker
branding (Figure 11). Our target 27x P/E is also 10% discount compared
to our 30x target P/E on Moutai.
We are changing valuation methodology from EV/EBITDA to DCF approach,
because 1) we believe DCF approach could incorporate Wuliangye's long-term
helped by its investment in channels and brandings; 2) DCF approach could
also incorporate Wuliangye's increasing cash flow generating capabilities; with
increasing branding powers, Wuliangye's working capital is improving as it
require increasing number of distributors to make advance payment before
delivery. Downside risk: channel de-stocking in high-end liquor sector; food
safety; worse than expected macro fixed asset investment slow down.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP
Figure 11: Peer comp
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP. Stock price is on 3 Jan 2018. We use DB estimates for those companies we covered and
Bloomberg consensus for other companies.
Wuliangye Yibin
Reuters: 000858.SZ
Bloomberg: 000858 CH
Buy
Company Profile
Wuliangye Yibin is China's leading local spirit brand/producer.
Major brands under the company include "Wuliangye", "Wuliang
Spring", "Wuliangchun" and "Jianzhuang".
Mark Yuan
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Mark Yuan
Historical recommendations and target price. Wuliangye Yibin (000858.SZ)
(as of 01/03/2018)
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Equity Rating Key
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Alcohol & Tobacco
Wuliangye Yibin
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives
or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes
on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Trade ideas
analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than
two weeks and no more than six months. In addition to SOLAR ideas, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients,
and with Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may
have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact
may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described
herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof
if an opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market
conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined
intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the
majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does
not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an
offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy.
Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed
in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own informed investment decisions.
Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, and investment transactions can lead
to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other
than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not
necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated.
Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session and are sourced from local
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and
other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have established to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with
respect to our research are available on our website under Disclaimer, found on the Legal tab.
Alcohol & Tobacco
Wuliangye Yibin
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the
higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the
most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may – by
construction – lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed
to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency that differs
from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks typical to
options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the
amount of funds initially deposited – up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including: (i) exchange rates can
be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market factors,
including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes in
interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Deutsche Bank is not acting as a financial adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents with respect to
any information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, and
is not acting as an impartial adviser. Information contained herein is being provided on the basis that the recipient will
make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and is not meant for retirement accounts or
for any specific person or account type. The information we provide is directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular
transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of
its products and services. If this is not the case, or if you or your agent are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at
are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations,
including those regarding contacts with issuer companies.
Alcohol & Tobacco
Wuliangye Yibin
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ' s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited (save that any
shall be distributed solely by Deutsche Securities Asia Limited). The provisions set out above in the "Additional Information"
section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of
Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. .
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered
4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may
have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period..
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the
applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Alcohol & Tobacco
Wuliangye Yibin
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may undertake only the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Its principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the
Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific
Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure
statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire
the product.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2018 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America