The advantage of the global invertor pole is highlighted by the light storage industry, the Sunshine Power (300274.sz) and the energy of the system.
The European Union has launched a repowereu initiative to increase renewable energy from 40% to 45% by 2030, and plans to increase investment of Euro21 billion over the next five years to accelerate green energy development.
US$ 369 billion has been allocated to subsidize and support projects in the area of clean energy. India has launched a pli scheme to promote high-efficiency solar photovoltaic manufacturing in India, leading to direct investment of nearly 940 billion Indian rupees (approximately US$ 1159 billion).
In the first quarter of 2023, the National Energy Agency recorded a total of 33.65gw, an increase of 154.8% over the same period, with a concentration of 1552gw, a total distribution of 18.13gw, and a household distribution of 9gw. According to China Light.
The Volt Industry Association and the iea (International Energy Agency) predict that in 2023, the world's new photovoltaic load will reach 280-330gw. In 2024, the world's photovoltaic aggregate load will exceed water, and the down-silicon cycle will open and demand will be fully released. Solarzoom data show that the first-line plant will be fully released.
In December 2022, the commercial secret material offer began to jump off the cliff, dropping to a low of $165/kg, with a 46.1% drop from the highest point. The price rebounded rapidly in February, with a maximum increase of $150/kg.
The required level, which facilitates the effective and full release of the end demand, drives the demand in the inverter market. The down-run cycle of silicon has been opened, and the performance of the Quarterly Report has been dramatic.
In 2022, the company achieved a gross gross profit rate of 1, and the industry depth report of the new Galactic Power Team _ the new power industry.
Investment proposals: The company is a global photovoltaic inverter, with a dynamic light storage operation, and a summary of performance in the first quarter of 2022 & 23: bottom is now, whether or not, positive deployment of new energy vehicle-driven systems, new energy smart carriers and hydrogen energy.
Corporate branding is clear, research and development innovation is strong, globalization strategies are fully pursued, and 2, the industry point review [Galactic Power Week Teams], new industries, new sectors, digital operations, global marketing, channels and service network layouts of companies are leading and forming.
3. Industry point evaluation _ Silicon prices should be 23.2 times and 17.6 times lower, with a “recommended” rating. 4, New Power Industry _ Photovoltaic Industry 2023
Risks; risks of friction in international trade; risks of exchange rate fluctuations; profits from increased competition in the industry I undertake to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
(Christensen) The Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch work as customer directors for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.