Sunshine Power (300274): Inverters and storage can grow, and year-round performance is consistent with expectations.
(a) Financial highlights: the company disclosed its annual report for 2022, generating revenues of $40.257 billion, an increase of 66.79 per cent over the same period;
Face-blowing devices, smart energy transport services, etc., are domestic inverters and storages that grow rapidly, with year-round performance in line with expectations. Twenty-two years of growth in corporate revenue, the largest producer of photovoltaic inverters.
66.79 per cent of the rapid growth in revenue was mainly due to the rapid growth in the volume of shipments from the main PV and storage systems, mainly due to (a)q1 and especially in March, the continued high demand for FDI overseas, better export data, and good export performance of corporate inverters and storage capacity; and (b) last year q1 due to key upstream raw materials.
Power plant materials are strained, super-influenced, and the output base is lower. The company’s profits are growing much faster than the recovery rate, mainly because of a significant fall in freight costs compared to last year, the demand for the construction of the end-ground power station, and the elimination of the impact of the storage energy operation, which makes it clear that the company’s main business profitability is rising.
The cost for the 23q1 period was 12.96%, a fall of 7.2bp over the same year, the Māori rate and net interest rate of 28.00% respectively, the price of silicon prices have been falling and the demand for ground power stations has grown over the course of the year.
The total equity/flowa share (in thousands) results in a ground power station share of only 41.5%. With the fall in silicon prices, next year the ground power station will have installed units (in thousands)
The company will continue to grow, benefiting from a marginal improvement in the demand for ground power stations as a major inverser and as a major reservoir. Keep in mind the long-term development of the company’s main industry.
The Division ' s established channels, brands, product barriers constitute competition moats. 2) Companies are active in a number of areas, such as storage systems, wind power transformers and photovoltaic household products, and synergies in technology, channels, etc. accumulated by companies in the field of reverse transformers will support joint development of the main industries.
Director of Analysis: Hongichi Research Assistant: Wu Xinyang wuzhy@dxzq.net.cn
Sunshine Power (300274): Reversers and storage can grow, with year-round performance in line with expectations.
Ho Ha Qing Wu Xing Qing's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, a specific recommendation in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Sunshine Power (300274): Inverters and storage can increase goods, and performance throughout the year is as expected, and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.