Aluminium (000807.sz) Non-ferrous metallic aluminumii
Hydroluminium in and out of carbon The carbon in and acceleration of the process of re-engineering of the supply pattern of the industry, the advantage of hydro-aluminum has been highlighted: the pattern of the electrolytic aluminium industry has changed dramatically: the industry has formed 45 million tons of energy ceilings and the upstream bauxite miner, Guinea, will produce in the next three to five years.
With the ability to double, the relatively surplus pattern of aluminium oxides continues, and the profits in the industrial chain are tilted towards electrolytic aluminium links; the industry is expected to change further in carbon neutral and in terms of two liquidity shares (million shares), one is to accelerate production and highlight the advantages of hydroelectric aluminium production.
The amount of carbon dioxide emitted by tons of electrolytic aluminium is estimated to be 11.2 tons, while the carbon emissions from hydropower aluminium are almost zero, with electrolysis, aluminium entering the carbon trading market and high carbon prices, uncertainty about the production of the electric aluminum project under construction, and the greenness and cost advantages of water and aluminium are expected to be further highlighted, with a 100-ton carbon price equivalent to an increase in the cost of electricity.
0.08/kWh; second, the incremental demand for electrolytic aluminium is further clarified, the demand for energy conservation and clean energy is expanding, and light-quantified automobiles, new energy vehicles and photovoltaics are the main driving forces of demand, with the combined demand for aluminium expected to grow at a rate of more than 4 to 5 per cent in the country over the next 10 years, with nearly half of the above-mentioned new demand contributing.
Since 2018, the company has taken advantage of the opportunities of industrial consolidation to move the hydropower aluminium industry towards a more competitive region. With the introduction of projects such as Zhaotung, crane Qing and Mansan, the capacity of the company for electrolytic aluminium production will increase from 1.7 million tons in 2018 to 3.23 million tons by the end of 2021.
On the one hand, a firm’s reversible expansion of capacity allows it to share the industry’s landscape more widely, and, on the other hand, as the only full-scale company, hydroelectric aluminium, the company’s advantage in carbon neutralization and implicit formation is highlighted by the fact that the industrial chain is well developed, the raw material self-sufficiency rate is high, and the new project comes into production at a lower cost of a combined electricity price: the company has a complete product.
Industrial chains, of which 305,000 tons are produced annually by bauxite ore, 1.4 million tons by aluminium oxide, 1.1 million tons by aluminium alloys and aluminium processing products. 76 per cent, 23 per cent and 50 per cent respectively by bauxite ore, aluminium oxide and carbon self-sufficiency, less than partially through the middle aluminium group.
Purchases to guarantee a stable supply and low prices; in terms of electricity prices, the new project benefited from a policy preference in Yunnan Province, with full delivery in 2021, combined electricity prices reduced from 0.34 to 0.308, tons of electrolytic aluminium production costs Hu Jinchen
The company has the lowest market value and the highest elasticity in terms of production compared to the same companies: Aluminium shares are the second largest, the largest, and the only, pure hydroelectric aluminium companies of the same kind; according to scenario analysis, Aluminium shares are electrolysis, Aluminium shares: low-cost capacity expansion for fixed enablers.
At the value, the market value of aluminum is only 1.42 per cent, at the lowest level in comparable companies.
Aluminium electrolysis as a high carbon-emitting industry and as a carbon-emitting industry, forcing the industry to accelerate its energy restructuring. The environmental advantages of hydroelectric aluminium are highlighted: excess supply of aluminium oxide and bauxite and electrolytic aluminium production.
Capable of a ceiling leading to profits in the industrial chain in favour of electrolytic aluminium; downstream traditional consumption continues to recover, with new types of consumption, such as light quantification of cars, and photovoltaics becoming new growth points under large environmental policies and green low-carbon policies. Aluminium shares are in the same company as the Aluminium Group, which electrified Aluminium Dragonheads, relying on its rich hydropower resources in Yunnan Province, and the Aluminium has been built.
The expansion of the company's electrolytic aluminium output coincides with a boom in industry, with a elasticity higher than that of similar companies, with a 1% increase in the price of tons of electrolytic aluminium and a 26% increase in the company's performance based on our scenario. The company's industrial chain is perfect, with a higher rate of self-sufficiency of the main raw materials.
The combined cost of electricity has been reduced from 0.34 to 0.308, further highlighting the relative advantage of aluminium in carbon and in the context of fire.1 Aluminium-based shares: the electrolytic aluminium industry platform of the Aluminium Group in China has evolved over time: after the consolidation of equity, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council has become the actual controller.
Founded in 1970, in 1998 it became a State-owned holding company, listed at a deep deal (stock code: 000807). In November 2018, the company ' s former effective control of the Yunnan Province State Finance Committee transferred 51% of its shares in the Yunnan Province to China Copper Company Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the Chinese Aluminium Industries Group Limited.
The company owned 42.57% of the shares (first largest shareholder) and China Aluminium Holdings Ltd. held 10.4% of the company’s shares. The company’s actual control was changed from the Yunnan State Treasury Committee to the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the shares in Yunan were transformed from local enterprises to subsidiaries of the Chinese Aluminium Group.
The main activities of the company are bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium hydroluminium, aluminium processing and aluminium charcoal production.
Aluminium is rich in hydropower resources, and alumina builds an industrial chain that combines bauxite-aluminium oxide-carbon products-aluminium smelting-aluminium processing. Aluminium oxide produced by the company’s own bauxite mineral resources is used entirely for the production of aluminium, while it is also necessary to buy it out to meet the production needs of the Ministry as a whole: the company’s own carbon products also cannot fully meet its own production needs for aluminium and aluminium, partly for export.
The industrial chain is expanding, and the production of ongoing projects is expected to increase the production of electrolytic aluminium. By the first half of 2020, the Department had 3.05 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.39 million tons of hydroelectric aluminium, 1.1 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing products.
With the production of priority projects such as the company Joo-Tung, crane Qing, Wengshan Hydro-Aluminum Project and the carbon project, at the end of 2021, the company will produce about 3.23 million tons of electrolytic aluminum and more than 800,000 tons of solar carbon per year. The electrolytic aluminum is used for the production of aluminium alloys and processed products, the rest of which are exported; the aluminium alloys and processed products are sold all out. By the end of 2021, the self-supporting rate of aluminum oxide in the clouds was 23%, outside the company.
Triangular and Kawasaka sales will increase sales in the Yungu region and South-East Asia in the future.3 Hydro-aluminum production is growing steadily.The company's main business is processing aluminum and aluminum, which, in terms of profit, is once below $10,000 per month at the end of 2015.
In the aftermath of the rise, corporate business income rose steadily from 2016 to 2017, benefiting from supply-side reforms in 2017, and from a significant increase in aluminium prices since 2017, with a significant increase in performance, resulting in a net return profit of 495 million yuan, compared to 134 per cent. Since March 2020, aluminium prices have continued to climb, despite domestic and overseas epidemics.
Two shocks, resulting in a net return profit of $570 million in the first three quarters of 2020, increased by 95 per cent over the same period. Companies have expanded over the past five years, and production and sales have increased, partly offsetting the impact of aluminium price volatility on income and profits, with future production capacity gradually reaching the heights of the production-cum-consolidation industry and the company entering the upswing space.
The share of aluminum and aluminum processed products increased gradually in terms of the company ' s income composition, reaching 96.4 per cent in 2019.
The current situation in the electrolytic aluminium industry: high carbon emissions, high carbon emissions in the electrolytic aluminium industry, almost doubled the carbon emissions from the electrolytic aluminium industry between 2005 and 2020. In 2020, the country produced 3,712.4 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, consuming about 13,500 kwh of electricity for the production of 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium, with total electricity consumption in the 2020 industry.
In the production of electrolytic aluminium, about 11.2 tons of carbon dioxide per ton of electrolytic aluminium were emitted. According to data disclosed by the carbon exchange, the total carbon dioxide emissions in the aluminium industry in 2020 were about 426 million tons, representing about 5% of the total net CO2 emissions of the entire society.
The carbon emissions of electrolytic aluminium are bound to be regulated in the context of energy emission reductions from the next 14 years.2 The carbon neutral and targeted industries are expected to accelerate their energy restructuring with the prospect of increasing the cost advantages of hydropower.
At the end of 2019, the share of self-equipped electricity was about 65 per cent, all of which was thermal, while the share of grid power was about 35 per cent, of which about 21 per cent was thermal and about 14 per cent was clean. The high carbon emissions of electrolytic aluminium were mainly caused by self-fired power plants. The electricity produced by electrolytic aluminium was divided mainly into thermal and hydroelectric production.
The amount of carbon dioxide emitted from the production of a ton of electrolytic aluminium using fire power is estimated to be 11.2 tons, while the amount of carbon oxide emitted from the production of a ton of electrolytic aluminium using hydropower is almost zero. At the end of 2019, our hydroelectric aluminium accounted for only 10% of total electrolytic aluminium production, which is significantly lower than the global average.
In the aluminium production structure, 64% of coal power, 25% of electricity, 10% of natural gas, and 1% of nuclear energy, while in the case of electricity and electricity, 86% of electricity and 10% of electricity. According to Anteco, in the context of the 14th Five-Year Energy Savings Reduction and Carbon Medium and Vision, the overall improvement of China's energy mix will lead to further optimization of the energy structure for the future operation of the electrolytic aluminium industry: at the end of 2021, Yunnan planned the electrolysis of aluminum.
Fire power costs are mainly influenced by coal prices and grid policies. Fourteen-five and future carbon-reducing and environmentally-friendly coal will have an upward trend in the future; hydropower costs will be manageable, environmentally friendly and have the potential to decline. Moreover, large hydropower plants will be built.
The price of future carbon emissions trading may increase with carbon neutralization and policies, further exacerbating the introduction of electric aluminum from the production of coal and hydropower. In 2020, the pilot carbon market will have an annual turnover of $2.15 billion, an increase of 3% over 2019; the annual average of carbon trading will be higher.
The price is 28.6 yuan per ton, an increase of 25%. According to data from various agencies, it is expected that in 2021 the country ' s carbon-trading market will be more than 6 billion yuan, or 250 million tons, or three times as much as in 2020; in the future, as carbon peaks and carbon neutralization targets are implemented, the basic electrolysis aluminium industry will probably be included in the national carbon-trading market on a priority basis.
From the point of view of electrolytic aluminium, a carbon tax would cause a growing difference in the cost of aluminium and aluminium, while reducing the Māori rate of aluminium plants. The current allocation of carbon emission quotas free of charge would reduce the cost of enterprises below the quota, such as aluminium, while raising the cost of excess emissions, and a hydroelectric aluminium plant could earn more by selling its own carbon quotas.
Assuming that the cost of other raw ingredients such as aluminium oxide, precalculation anode, aluminum fluorine, and transport costs are the same, the difference in carbon emissions in the electricity chain between the use of electric power and the production of 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium is 11.2 tons. When carbon emissions are traded, the average cost of electricity in the home power plant is 0.3050 yuan/kWh in recent times, as domestic coal prices are higher, is not taken into account.
The average cost of domestic hydropower is only $0.29/kWh, while the cost of own power plants is 202.5/ton higher than the cost of hydropower. When taking into account the price of the carbon emissions trading, if the price of the carbon emissions trading is $30/ton, the difference in the cost of carbon emissions in the production of a ton of electrolytic aluminium will be $538.5/ton, which will reduce the Māori rate of the coal-fired aluminium plant by 8.2 per cent; if the price of the trade is 100 yuan/ton, the difference will be.
In the future, the difference between the cost of electricity and electricity for the production of electrolytic aluminium will be greater under the carbon target blueprint.3 Carbon neutralization and policy tightening in some provinces will result in the elimination of the electric price subsidy.
In February 2021, the Inner Mondial Development Commission and the Office of Industrial Communications issued a Circular on Adjustments to the Electricity Price Policy and the Electricity Market Policy in Selected Industries, which shows strict compliance with national regulations with regard to electrolysis aluminium, iron alloys, electro-stones, flints, cement, steel, yellow phosphorus, zinc.
In Mongolia, 90% of the electrolytic aluminium is thermal, and according to the policy guidelines, the cost of converting the electrolytic aluminium is increased by $0.01-0.02-kwh/t. The average full cost of the electrolytic aluminium in Mongolia in January 2021 was USD 13032-t, and the average ton of aluminium earned $358-t. The cost of electricity to supplement the increased policy was significantly reduced.
On 9 March 2021, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region issued a circular on certain safeguards to ensure the fulfilment of the objectives of the 11, 4 and 5 Energy Explosion Double Control Programme, which was reduced by 3% per unit gdp in 2021, and no additional production was approved from 2021 for high-energy industries, such as electrolytic aluminium.
From 2015 to 2018, there was a rapid increase in production capacity across the province, which is the country’s top three, while today’s high production costs are causing future local production capacity to stagnate or even decline, further reflecting the advantages of producing hydroelectric aluminium, including in Yunnan. The state has also launched a project to ban illegal production in industries such as electrolysis aluminium.
Implementing regulations for the development of negative lists, prohibiting illegal additions to production capacity in the steel, electrolytic aluminium, cement and flat glass industries, strict control of additional production capacity in the provincial electrolytic aluminium, and denial of access to provincial resources by highly energy-intensive and polluting enterprises.4 The transfer of electrolytic aluminium production to low-cost areas has been limited.
The energy ceiling limits the expansion of the ability to produce electrolytic aluminium. Since 2010, our capacity for electrolytic aluminium has expanded rapidly at a rate of 4 million tons per year, causing significant excess capacity. In the context of high environmental economic pressure, aluminium prices have fallen, profit space has been depressed, and production is being used consistently. In 2017, in the context of supply-side reforms, four ministries jointly issued the publication Cleaning Up Electrolysis.
The notification of the programme of work for special actions in violation of the law in the aluminium industry resulted in an industry-wide electrolytic aluminum-producing ceiling, with a national electrolytic aluminum-producing capacity of about 45 million tons. After the creation of the energy-producing ceiling, some environmentally sensitive areas were shut down. In 2020, the total capacity of the country ' s electrolytic aluminium was about 40 million tons, and by the end of January 2021, it was 395.5 million tons.
By February 2021, the production capacity of the country’s electrolytic aluminium plant had reached more than 90%, and Sichuan’s production capacity had increased.
In both ways, the expected growth in the production of electrolytic aluminium is limited for a long time to come, and the pressure on prices at the supply end is not obvious. Underneathing control over overall energy consumption, the expected time for production is likely to increase, and profit space is significantly reduced.
Inner Mongolia was the only province that had failed to complete the results of the 2019 “double control” test of total energy consumption and intensity in the provinces. Inner Mongolia was expected to have 80 to 1.6 million tons of production capacity in 2021-2022, with the possibility of a delay in landing in the event of a fall in profit margin and unfavourable policies, without excluding other high-cost regions.
There is also a risk that other thermal aluminium production capacity will be difficult to reach, and domestic electrolytic aluminium production indicators may fall down the ceiling, exacerbating the shortage of electrolytic aluminium in the country over the next two years. Additional production capacity for electrolytic aluminium will shift to low-cost areas.
In the past two years, the regional distribution of domestic electrolytic aluminium production has shown an overall shift from north to south and east to west. In the north-west of Mongolia and other representative provinces, the rate of electrolytic aluminium production has increased significantly.
In the south-west, where hydropower resources and bauxite are more abundant, such as Yunnan, where new electrolytic aluminium is more productive and 1.5 million tons more productive in the years to come. Yunnan’s national capacity rose from 3% to 9% after 17 years, with the possibility of a step-up in the future, while clean energy, such as hydropower and solar-powered aluminium, became the direction of industry.
Figure 15: The cost of electrolytic aluminium production is limited The potential for hydropower development is limited. In 2020, our hydroelectric installed capacity amounted to 370 million kilowatts, or 16.8% of the total installed capacity of power generation equipment, the second largest conventional energy source after coal.
Electricity development capacity is less than 700 million kilowatts, large hydropower plants require daily human-friendly construction conditions, our current hydropower aluminium is concentrated in Sichuan and Yunnan, and the existing hydropower-producing aluminium plants have a natural cost advantage. (ii) Aluminium oxide is overcapacity and other major costs of electrolytic aluminium are high.
The main costs of electrolytic aluminium are composed mainly of aluminium oxide (35 per cent) and electricity (33 per cent), both of which amount to more than 30 per cent, while the main costs of aluminium oxide are bauxite.
China is the third largest bauxite producer in the world, after Australia and Guinea. In 2020, we imported 112 million tons of bauxite, the main importers being Guinea, Australia and Sydney, and accounted for our aluminium.
In recent years, Chinese companies have invested more than 50% in Guinea, with a future supply of hundreds of millions of tons of bauxite in Guinea, which means that the future supply of bauxite can be expected to be adequate. Aluminium oxide overcapacity patterns will continue to be maintained.
At the same time, the main use of aluminium oxide is the production of electrolytic aluminium, so the supply of aluminium oxide is more flexible and more rigid. The ability to produce aluminium oxide is not within the range of illegal aluminium production, which means that there is room for further growth in aluminium oxide production. Secondly, the ability to produce aluminium oxide is excessive in relation to electrolytic aluminium. At the end of 2020, the capacity to produce aluminium oxide increased by more than 17 million tons compared to 2016, while the capacity to produce electrolytic aluminium was relatively higher than 2016.
At the end of January 2021, Chinese aluminium oxide produced 89.15 million tonnes/year, with 73 million tonnes/year of operational capacity, and a start-up rate of 82%. Based on a consumption factor of 1.92 tons, there is an excess capacity of about 6.2 million tonnes of aluminium per electrolytic. Third, the additional aluminium oxide production capacity is high. In 2020, China produced 4.3 million tonnes of aluminium oxide, which is located in Guangxi and Guizhou.
Following up on ongoing projects, it is expected that 8.4 million tons and 12.5 million tons of additional production capacity will remain in operation in 2021 and 2022, respectively. Aluminium margin additions are higher than new demand for electrolytic aluminium, with excess levels even increasing, price increases lacking kinetic energy, and the price of aerobic aluminum is expected to tremor in the next three years at $2200-2350 per ton.
The profits from electrolytic aluminium have remained high. The profits from electrolysis aluminum have continued to rise since it hit the bottom in April 2020, with an average annual profit level of about 28 times as high as in 2019; the difference between the prices of electrolytic aluminum and the unit consumption of aluminium oxide has increased to a high of $17,000 per ton in 2017 and 2020, but the difference between the prices at two points in time for cost-end aluminum oxide has resulted in benefits.
The difference between the electrolytic aluminium and the aluminium oxide price difference is significant. The innovation was consistently high in November and December, and although there was a small decline in the profitability of the aluminium electrolytic at the beginning of 2021, mainly influenced by fluctuations in the price of the aluminium electrolytic, it remained high. Figure 18: The difference between the electrolytic aluminium and the aluminium oxide price is much higher (in dollars)
Overall, the aluminium industry chain consists of aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing, left over from upstream bauxite and aluminium oxide, while the potential for electrolytic aluminium production is limited, and overall industry profits are concentrated in the electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing industries. (iii) The traditional demand for electrolytic aluminium continues to recover, and emerging demand growth in carbon is renewable.
The main demand sectors for electrolytic aluminium in the country are construction and transport, which together account for more than half of the total consumption of electrolytic aluminium. Construction is the leading consumer of aluminium (about 27 per cent), followed by transport traffic (about 24 per cent), electrical power (about 12 per cent), machinery (about 12 per cent) and consumer durables (about 12 per cent).
Despite the outbreak in 2020, consumption was rapidly restored, with a cumulative increase of more than 4% throughout the year. The future of electrolysis aluminum, in addition to traditional consumption areas, such as real estate, cars, etc., is promising, in new consumption areas, such as photovoltaics and light vehicle quantification, where the total is modest but significant.
Our lower share of downstream consumer goods is also our future direction. The demand for aluminium has increased significantly in terms of radiators and endpoints such as antennas at 5g base stations, steel core aluminum hangers in ultra-high voltage transmission lines, high-iron whole aluminium, body, light weighting of cars, and light-voltage aluminium alloys.
Figure 21: Comparison of domestic and foreign demand for electrolytic aluminium, Figure 20: Structure of domestic demand for electrolytic aluminium, and a steady recovery in traditional demand
The demand for some of the most electrolytic aluminium in the traditional sectors, such as construction, delivery, electricity, etc., has been strong since last year, and traditional demand will continue this year. In the future, there will be a strong build-up of external demand, and a demand for dual-coded electrolytic aluminium.
4.85 million tons, 15.2 per cent less than last year, and the decrease continues to be narrow. The first half of 2020 was affected by an overseas epidemic, which led to lower profits on domestic aluminium exports and a decline in orders: our epidemic was the first to recover, and the strength of domestic demand in the second half of 2020 offsets the weakness of overseas demand. In February, the global manufacturing procurement manager index (pmi) was 55.6 per cent, higher than the previous value of 54.4.
In 2021, the global economy is expected to reboot, with the introduction of vaccines in all countries, to create a certain boost in aluminium exports, and the demand for aluminium can be boosted by a combination of a strong internal and external demand for aluminium. The post-natal cycle boosts a high increase in aluminium consumption in 2020-2023.
With a three-year construction cycle, the post-natal cycle of 2020-2023 will provide greater space for raw aluminium demand. It is worth noting that housing companies have entered the cold winter of financing since 2018, requiring, on the one hand, active start-up of new construction and sales to obtain sales returns, and, on the other hand, no.
At the end of the year, the sharper cut of scissors is now based on a year-on-year decline in the size of new construction, and the gap is gradually narrowing: real estate is complete, aluminium for real estate is growing by about 3 per cent a year.3 In the area of automobiles, new growth points are emerging in light quantification and carbon subsides.
Cars, an important consumer of raw aluminium, are recovering cyclically. Driven by the downside of macroeconomics and the withdrawal of acquisition tax concessions, automobile sales have been depressed from late 2017 to the first half of 2020: the automobile industry has been gradually recovering cyclically since April 2020, and by January 2020 automobile production had grown for 10 months in a row, and sales had remained stable.
After the January-April outbreak, domestic automobile production grew by more than 15% per year, and new-energy cars by more than 50% in July-December 2020. Carbon neutrality and vision targets bring with them a light quantitative increase in the volume of aluminium.
The implementation of the two-part policy has helped promote light quantitative growth in automobiles and achieve emission reduction requirements. At the same time, countries have proposed fuel-car ban schedules, and light-quantified cars have become an important source of energy-saving reductions. In car light-quantified materials, aluminium alloys are more expensive in combination than steel, magnesium, plastics, and composites, and are relatively superior in terms of application technology and operational safety and recycling.
Cars are still in the initial phase, with low full aluminium body coverage and greater scope for future development. A light weight reduction can save 8% of fuel consumption and 5-10% of tail gas emissions, so that green low-carbon designs are already under way.
Aluminium alloys from advanced Novelis cars have been used, and the weight of the entire body of aluminium is about 40% lower than the weight of the traditional steel body. Figure 24: In recent years, the volume and speed of automobile production has been projected to reach 20% in 2030. In 2020, only 120-140 kg of aluminium was used in single cars in the country, compared with Euros.
The demand for aluminium is expected to grow by more than 6 million tons by 2030. China is also expected to reach 230 kg of aluminium per bicycle in 2030, with a peak in purchase swaps. Around 2010 was a period of rapid growth in vehicle sales, with a 10-year phase-out cycle corresponding to 2021, as indicated in the road map for energy-saving and new-energy-based automobile technology 2.0, which states that by 2030, 2035 and 2050, China ' s new energy capacity will be in China.
New energy vehicles are expected to have 5.15 million vehicles per year, 10.3 million vehicles and 12,86 million vehicles. It is expected that new energy vehicles will continue to grow at a negative rate of 4 per cent over the same period, with sales of new energy vehicles reaching 1.8 million vehicles, or 40 per cent over the same period, and that the demand for aluminium will be sustained by Gon 4, photovoltaic consumption.
Photovoltaics: National electricity grid investment is over-expected to boost demand for aluminium. In March 2020, the national electricity grid company increased investment in fixed assets to $460 billion, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the previous year ' s actual investment, in order to guarantee supply of new capital investment. The demand for aluminium for 5g was concentrated mainly in base stations, accounting for about 90 per cent, while the 5g base station was concentrated in light-voltaic converters, 5g antennas, 5g base station heat evaporating materials and so on.
In 2021, the 5g base station is expected to increase by 1 million. According to the current ratio of commercial aluminium to the mainstream plant, the 5g base station will consume approximately 40,000 tons of aluminium in 2021, considering the possible consumption of a certain amount of scrap aluminium, and an approximate 5g rate of 36,000 tons of aluminium.
Aluminium alloys are another major application in the field of photovoltaics. In 2021, domestic photovoltaics will enter the era of low-cost Internet access. As the cost of photovoltaic power and storage energy continue to decline, photovoltaics or will gradually grow from ancillary energy sources to the main source of energy, the prospect of a market for installed machines is wide. The strategic objective of non-fosssil energy consumption of 20% by 2030 is set out in Article XIV.
According to China's Photovoltage Association, a total of 90gw is expected to be installed in 2025, and 19 tons of aluminium is estimated to be required for the construction of a megawatt photovoltaic power station, which is expected to reach approximately 1 million tons of aluminium per year in the future, with a further increase of 1.8 million tons of aluminium by 2025, with a 13 per cent increase in compound growth.
In the long run, after 2021, the electrolytic aluminum caps, aluminium oxides will be concentrated, low-cost competition will continue, on the other hand, the final demand will pull on aluminium prices, and the high profitability of electrolytic aluminium in the aluminium industry chain is expected to be sustained over the long term; low-carbon emissions will drive electricity and water down.
As of February 2021, the high price of electrolytic aluminium was running at an average cost of $16,069 per ton. According to Aladdin, the average profit in the national electrolytic aluminium industry was $2604 per ton in February 2021, with an average profit increase of over $800 over the previous month, which is historically high.
The lower-than-expected potential for manufacturing capacity in the interior of the country and further supporting aluminium prices, which are expected to remain at 1.5-1.775 million, and the analysis of corporate competitive advantages: carbon neutrality and consolidation of hydropower aluminum taps, issued in October 2017 by the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency, in a joint publication of the Circular on Promotion of Hydroelectric Discharges in the South-West Region,
At the same time, the Yunnan People's Government issued an Implementation Opinion on Promoting Integrated Development of Hydro- and Aluminium Materials, both of which are intended to promote the deep integration of the clean energy industry in the aluminium industry chain in Yunnan, taking advantage of the low marginal cost of hydropower to increase the piloting of hydropower and aluminium, while improving the environment (ii).
At the end of the year, production will result in 350,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium capacity; at the end of 2020, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, at the end of the year, the year, at the year, the year, at the year, at the end of the year, at the year, there will have been more than 8 million tons of the year, at the following, the year, the year, the year, the following:
The priority projects are steadily moving forward, fostering new profit growth points. The project is investing in the development of projects that focus on Joo-Tung, crane Qing, and Mansan, along with integrated industrial chain planning, which will allow for the rapid release of movable property.
(iii) Cost advantages: Low-carbon clean energy casting environmental advantages, hydropower prices casting costs of aluminium electrolysis: electricity costs down, carbon neutrality and accelerated cost differentials Yunnan Province has rich hydropower power advantages and carbon neutralization has gradually expanded. More than 80% of China ' s electrolytic aluminium production capacity is currently available in China.
Hydroelectricity is one of the most abundant areas of the world's water resources, with its unique hydropower resources. Yunnan plans to develop hydropower in the future province, with a capacity of 7-8 million tons of aluminium, which consumes more than 100 billion kilowatt-hours per year. Yunnan's hydropower resources are concentrated in the Kinsha River.
According to the company’s annual report of 2019, in 2025, the capacity of the South hydroelectric plant will exceed 100 million kilowatts. Electricity and water will be purchased mainly from the grid, reducing investment, lowering costs, and significantly reducing carbon emissions compared to the coal-fired enterprises using their own power plants.
In January 2018, Yunnan Development and Change Board, Yunnan Price Office, Yunnan Department of Energy issued a circular on the implementation of a special electricity programme to promote the integrated development of hydroelectric and aluminium products at a favourable price.
A three-year action plan for the development of the material industry. The electrolytic aluminium industry, with its electrolytic aluminum output indicators, was implemented at a electric price of RMB 0.25 for the first five years. In December of that year, China's electrolytic aluminium enterprise, with a weighted electricity price of RMB 0.296 (including taxes), consumed about 13,500 degrees in tons of aluminium, moved from the provinces to Yunnan with a self-indicated electricity cost of $621/ton lower than the average cost of the Chinese electrolytic aluminium industry (including taxes).
Aluminium production capacity of 3.2 million tons is calculated, which reduces carbon emissions by 36 million tons per year compared to coal-based aluminium. Aluminium electricity has a significant advantage.
The China-Aluminium Consortium signed an agreement on the location of the new production capacity, with new intra- and extra-provincial indicators for electrolytic aluminium production at 0.28 and 0.25, respectively. The company is currently working on projects, including 700,000 tons in Zhaotung and 500,000 tons in Mansan at 0.28 and 420,000 tons in cranes at 0.27 degrees. The combined electricity price will be reduced from 0.34 in 2021 after the delivery of the new production capacity.
The cost of electrolytic aluminium production can be reduced by $432 per tonne to 0.308.2 Aluminium oxide costs: low and steady RM/t, lower than industry average. 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide production capacity in the aluminum industry, a fully-financed subsidiary of aluminum in Mansan, according to the Shanghai Steel Federation.
In 2019, the company formally joined the China-Aluminium group, which provides guarantees for raw materials. The group is a large aluminium company that collects aluminium for mining, coal mining, fire power and new energy sources for electricity generation, aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, aluminium alloy production, sale, and trade in one.
The offshore bauxite resources are 1.870 billion tons, with aluminium oxide producing the world’s highest capacity; the aluminium group produced 13.8 million tons of aluminium oxide in mid-2019, with a self-sufficiency rate of 189%. In addition to the aluminium oxide produced by its own aluminum aluminum industry, the export of aluminium oxide is mainly from the Central and Central Aluminium Guangxi Division and its silver bauxite industry, where the purchase of aluminium oxide is cheaper and the supply of raw materials is more stable, reducing the cost of procurement and the cost of system logistics.
The risk of price fluctuations for bulk feedstock support material is avoided. (iv) The advantage of the industrial chain: the company has a complete industrial chain,1 and the self-sufficiency rate for bauxite is as high as 76 per cent.
The company's bauxite supply comes from the redshelk bauxite mining project and the wine bottle bauxite mining project. On the one hand, as a result of the continued mining of the two mines over the years, the reserves of the remaining available resources have been reduced and the amount of the available resources will continue to be reduced until they cannot continue to be mined, starting in 2022 at the latest, the redshelk bauxite mining project and the bauxite sales project will no longer provide for aluminium oxide production in Mansan.
On the other hand, the company’s electrolytic aluminium production capacity is expanding, and currently bauxite minerals are not sufficient to support the additional electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide production capacity. Aluminium mines in Yunnan Province are concentrated mainly in south-east Fi (Wonsan State), and in 2018, the cloud aluminium collection was used for the low-grade bauxite integrated use of Mansan (80 million tons of bauxite and 3 million tons/year mineral selection project) for the aluminum oxide industry in Mansan.
Production and supply of raw materials for bauxite finished minerals. The company ' s bauxite production capacity increased to 2.92 million tons after the project was completed (80 million bauxite and 3 million bauxite per year from the Titled Mountain Project).2 Aluminium oxide self-sufficiency rate is 23 per cent.
Aluminium oxide is produced in Mansan aluminium, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, with a capacity of 800,000 tons in 2012 for the Aluminum Oxide Phase I project; Aluminium Oxide II in Mansan, with a capacity of 600,000 tons in 2019. Aluminium ore production capacity currently stands at 305 tons. Based on 1 ton of aluminium oxide consumed 2.5 tons of bauxite ore, self-supporting bauxite can meet 122 tons of aluminium oxide production requirements, less than the amount to be outsourced.
3. The current rate of self-sufficiency of carbon is 50%, and in the future it will be possible to achieve full self-supporting production of platinum from the subsidiary source, with a yield capacity of 800,000 tonnes. Based on a 1-ton electrolytic aluminium consumption of 0.5 tonnes of precalcinin, the company is able to produce 1.6 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, with insufficient extra-purchases.
The joint development project created the Soyong Cylium, which together created a total of 900,000 tons of new production capacity (65 per cent of the shares and 35 per cent of the shares) for the first phase of the project, which began work in the third quarter of 2020, with the possibility of adding to the post-natal period additional carbonol to cover the remaining shares of the Aluminium Surplus electrolysis Aluminium production.
iv. Compared to comparable companies: the only full hydropower Aluminium listing company, with the most flexible quality, has the highest weight in terms of size, growth, cost, performance elasticity, valuation, etc.
First, in terms of capacity size and growth, the total capacity of the company in 2021 will be 3.23 million tons, with an equity capacity of 10,000 tons, and second, in terms of cost, the share of Shinjiang will have a relative advantage in the price of electricity, with a price of 0.19 yuan per kilowatt hour for Xinjiang, a price of 0.25 yuan per kilowatt hour for Yunnan, and a weighted average electricity cost of 3,000 yuan per ton of electrolytic aluminium for the Ton.
The weighted average electricity cost for a ton of electrolytic aluminium is $4185, but, at the aggregate cost, due to the absence of aluminium oxide production in the Xinjiang region, clouds, higher freight costs for Aluminium Oxide from Henan and Shanxi, etc., leading to the highest costs of Aluminium Oxide in the country, combined with a total of more than $1,200 for extra-aluminium freight, and the potential for carbon tax impacts in the future due to the fact that Aluminium Oxide is produced in Xinjiang.
Third, in terms of elasticity of performance, the price of electrolytic aluminium changed by 1 per cent and the company ' s performance changed by 26 per cent, with the highest number of companies of the same kind, benefiting most from the booming cycle, with a market value ratio of 1.42 per cent, the lowest in comparable companies.
Aluminium oxides and carbon so-called aluminum ingots produced by the company are not sold out, some of the company's aluminum ingots are used to produce aluminium processing products, and the production of electrolytic aluminium disclosed in the company's annual report includes some of the electrolytic aluminium used to produce aluminium processing products.
Production of about 1 ton of aluminium processing products in Yoon, sale of electrolytic aluminium products: company production is expected to be 2.39 million tons, 3 million tons, 3.23 million tons in 2020-2023, and production of other products: with the production of bauxite and aluminium oxide in the Mansan aluminium industry, production is expected in 2022
The average price (including taxes) of aluminium oxide in \triangleright for the year was $2225/2247/2270, assuming that the combined electricity price for 2020-2023 (the income and cost of non-other business was the average for the previous two years) was almost equal.
Taking into account industry trends, company location advantages, cost advantages and productive growth potential, the expansion of the production capacity of aluminum shares, low yields, zero hydropower and aluminium emissions, low valuations, high performance elasticity, and we rate the purchase-b investment.
The forecast and valuation data are summarized in the financial statements.