Researchchand developmentcenter hydro-aluminum taps or will benefit from the expansion of carbon assets
- Aluminium shares (000807), depth report, 29/03/2021.
Lou Yonggang, a hydroelectric aluminum tap, or expands the beneficial carbon assets, has gone ahead and forged the absolute tap of the hydroelectric aluminum. The company was founded in 1998 in April of the same year.
Aluminium shares (000807), which are listed at the deep end of the market, are actually controlled by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. Aluminium smelting and aluminium processing are the company’s main industry, with a combined income of nearly 90%.
The entire industrial chain of “green low-carbon water and electro-aluminum integration” processed with a combination of bauxite-aluminium oxide-carbon products-aluminium smelting-aluminium, currently containing 3.04 million tonnes/year, 1.4 million tonnes/year, 800,000 tonnes/year and 3.2 million tonnes/year for the country.
The largest hydroelectric aluminium enterprise in the country accounts for about 70% of the capacity to build electrolytic aluminium in Yunnan, and about 6.5% in the country. The electrolytic aluminium is distributed in the Ministry and seven subsidiaries, including aluminium seagull, alumina spill, and alumina (including unmanufactured) in Mansan, with a combined capacity of about 1.65 million tonnes per year, in recent years.
In addition, the company and Soto are jointly developing the 900,000 tons of arctic carbon project.
The company has increased its profitability significantly since 2019, as a result of the concentration of industry-wide profits towards the electrolytic aluminium chain, operating a large net cash flow.
On the one hand, the company as a whole has improved its creditworthiness, credit borrowing has expanded and financing interest rates have consistently decreased, driving financial costs to the same 28% decline, and on the other hand, the company has a strong cash flow and electrolytic aluminium production is largely complete.
In this case, capital spending will decrease, large future debt service will be reduced, financing needs will be reduced, history will be absorbed, balance sheet repairs will be sustained, cash flows to net profits will be transmitted more smoothly. Yunnan’s hydropower resources will be abundant, and clean energy costs will have a clear advantage.
In the last month, the drop (%) was 88.3 million kilowatts, of which 7556 million kilowatts of electricity and water were installed; 16 million kilowatts of water and water installed at the White Crane Beach in 2021-2022 will continue to be produced in conjunction with other small, medium-sized hydroelectric plants and wind photovoltaics.
The share of the circulationa share (%) continues to grow in clean energy installed in the province. We expect to have more than 131 million kilowatts installed in power generation equipment in Yunnan Province by 2025, and 485.2 billion degrees in electricity generation, if any.
20% of electricity is given to electrolytic aluminium, which supports the production of 7.35 million tonnes/year. Meanwhile, Yunnan’s hydropower prices have a significant cost advantage, with an annual average price of 0.1845 yuan/degree for the year 2020, plus the cost of distribution, etc., at a total cost of 0.30-0.33 yuan/degree; if local governments are considered to grant electrolytic aluminium
In the short term, we expect new or unexpected production of electrolytic aluminium, which will continue at a rate of up to 0.3 yuan/degree, and the price of electrolytic aluminium will be expected to continue throughout the year.
In the medium term, the power ceiling was set at 45 million tonnes/year, and the supply and demand patterns of the industry are changing. At the same time, the aluminium industry has undergone important changes in the profit structure of the chain, the voice of the electrolytic aluminium chain has been strengthened, and profits have increased and become empty.
In the long term, electrolysis aluminium will play an important role at both the supply and demand ends as carbon peaks and carbon neutrality and policies continue to advance. Supply-side Chinese electrolytic aluminium production and carbon emissions or double drops, and the costs will continue to improve with a light quantitative boost. The electrolytic aluminium industry is shifting from surplus to shortage.
At the same time, profits from hydroelectric aluminium businesses with carbon assets or from the marketization of beneficial carbon are continuously rising.
Itd Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing, add production, electrolytic aluminium is profitable and may expand the value of the beneficial carbon assets to the company.
Risk factors: Aluminium Spill II, three parts less than expected; repeated aluminium prices of the epidemic have dropped significantly; policies related to carbon peaks have advanced less than expected.
Aluminium disassembly has an electricity price of 0.28 yuan/degree, with 1.65 million tonnes/year, or nearly 51%. According to our calculations, 2021-market concerns about the company’s profit release are insufficient. We believe that the company is expected to accelerate the profit release when the profits are high, the cash flow continues to improve and the balance sheet is completed. The gap between net profits and the operating cash flow is gradually narrowing.
The formerly planned electrolytic aluminium capacity was largely released, followed by no significant capital expenditure, a lower reliance on cash flows, and a smoother transmission of cash flows to net profits. Markets fear that carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and policies in the electrolytic aluminium industry might not be as expected.
Policies are less likely than expected to reduce emissions and the speed and intensity of carbon peak policies. As a high-consumption and energy industry, carbon emissions are at the forefront of the coloured industry, which is the main source of future color-reduced emissions, and will provide some room for future carbon emissions for the entire industry and for economic development as a whole.
The market is concerned about the increase in the price of this wheel aluminium and the non-sustainability of the profits of the electrolytic aluminium company. From short-, medium- and long-term logic (the short-term is still largely supported by aluminium prices, the medium-term electrolytic aluminium industry continues to improve and the long-term industry will benefit fully from the “carbon neutrality” policy) discusses the medium- and long-term upward trend in aluminium prices, while the electrolytic aluminium company will benefit fully from the high aluminium prices and plate gain.
The market considers carbon trading to be difficult to implement, and carbon emissions are less expensive to make significant gains for hydropower and aluminium enterprises like Alumina shares. We believe that carbon emission quota standards are largely in place for all industries, and trading systems are in place everywhere.
With a price of $30-35 per ton of carbon, and taking into account the evolution of carbon emission quota policies in developed countries in the electrolytic aluminium industry, we believe that the carbon emission quota in the electrolytic aluminium industry is expected to be reduced and completely eliminated, and that the carbon emissions required for the production of electrolytic aluminium will need to be purchased externally, which will increase the price of carbon emissions. For enterprises producing electrolytic aluminium that can use clean energy, the carbon emission quota will be heavy.
Assets; the carbon assets of hydroelectric aluminium enterprises will continue to expand as future carbon emissions prices rise. Corporate analysis: green industry development, high profit growth in beneficiary industries.
Yunnan Aluminium Industries Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) was established in 1998 and placed on the market at the deep end of April of the same year, with the largest shareholders being Yunnan Metallurgical Group Ltd., which effectively controls the State Council's State Property Supervision and Management Committee. The company's main business is bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and charcoal production for aluminium, with products containing aluminium oxide and aluminium.
The use of charcoal, remelted aluminum ingots, aluminium poles, aluminium alloys, aluminum slabs, etc. is one of the State's priority backbone aluminium enterprises and the only “national environmentally friendly enterprise” in China's aluminium industry.
After more than 20 years of development, the company has constructed a more complete chain of aluminium industry that combines bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, electrolytic aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and aluminium production with carbon products. 3.2 million tons of electrolytic aluminium are now fully built, and the Ministry and seven subsidiaries produce the main power of electrolytic aluminium, of which aluminium is produced in the sea.
The total capacity (including construction not completed) of the aluminum industry in Mansan is about 1.65 million tonnes per year, which is the main increase in the capacity of the public sector in recent years. The aluminum industry in Lutien, 70, 500,000 tonnes/year, respectively. The rehabilitation of the hydroelectric aluminum project and the Guangxi poverty reduction index, with 450,000 tonnes/year production from the cloud complex and the cloud, respectively.
On the upstream side, the company owns 3.04 million tonnes/year of bauxite, 1.4 million tonnes/year of aluminium oxide, and 800,000 tonnes/year of solar carbon production; the project to build 900,000 tonnes of aromatic carbon in a joint venture with Sotun Development is proceeding as planned, and the self-sufficiency rate for the production of a post-partum company will be further increased.
Following the principle of “extension of the two sides and optimization of the middle”, the company actively laid down a downstream aluminium processing industry line, which was accompanied by seven alloying projects, such as alumina spilling, aluminium platinum, alumina lubricant, etc., with a total aluminium processing capacity of 1.5 million tonnes/year, and the continuous extension and strengthening of the production chain, further developing synergies by controlling the cost of upstream raw materials and enhancing downstream alloying,
The company has increased its overall resilience to risk and sustainable development through transformational processing. Figure 2: Aluminium shares development course. Profitability follows electrolytic aluminium price fluctuations.
Although the company’s business performance has fluctuated from 2015 to the present, the overall upward trend has followed changes in electrolytic aluminium smelting plates. Companies have reduced the cost of electricity per unit of the company through the introduction of a market-based electricity use mechanism, while significant increases in the production of self-produced aluminium oxide have also reduced some of the cost of raw materials.
In 2017, as the country ' s supply-side reforms advanced, there was a marked improvement in the supply and demand structure of the industry; the company ' s performance in the fourth quarter of the year was marked by a significant loss, together with a large reduction in value, as a result of factors such as the continued fall in the prices of aluminium products, the maintenance of high prices for major raw materials, such as aluminium oxide, and the continuing increase.
In 2019, the macroeconomic policy of the country shifted to a policy of stimulating domestic demand, such as a stable economy, tax cuts, etc., to support the demand for aluminium downstream, while, in a relatively low price scenario, there was a certain decline in the production of electrolytic aluminium, which contributed to the smooth running of aluminium prices. In the course of the year, projects such as the Aluminium I, Aluminium I and Aluminium II projects of the company’s subsidiaries were successfully launched.
Thus, the company achieved a return on revenue and profits, resulting in a net return of 495 million dollars to the mother for the year as a whole, which led to a significant increase in sales of aluminium products in 2020, with the successful completion of key projects such as the subsidiary ' s aluminum, aluminum and aluminum, which resulted in an increase of 27,61 per cent to 2,42399,000 tons of aluminium production and an increase in operating income of 295,73.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 21.78 per cent in the same year. The company ' s product structure continues to be optimized, with significant efficiency gains, resulting in a net return profit of 903 million yuan, a significant increase of 82.25 per cent in the same year.
90%, with a steady increase in the share of major industries and trade abandonments. With regard to the Māori rate, the company as a whole follows a change in the profitability of the electrolytic aluminium industry, the price of raw materials has slowed since 2018, the price of electrolytic aluminium has risen steadily, and gross profits have continued to accelerate the whole chain layout of the industry.
The company builds a complete industrial chain of “green low-carbon hydropower aluminium integrated” processed as one, building on the rich green hydropower energy advantage of Toyunnan Province. By 2020, the company had a total capacity of 2.78 million tons of electrolytic aluminium per year, with a second phase of production of alumina, the total capacity of which will be reached.
3.2 million tonnes/year with an estimated 2.64 million tonnes/year of equity capacity, about 70% in the provinces and cities, and about 6.5% in the national market, the highest in Yunnan. Upstream raw materials, the company ' s subsidiary, Mansan Aluminium Industries, has 3.04 million tonnes/year of bauxite and 1.4 million tonnes of aluminium oxide production.
In the year, the source carbide has a total of 600,000 tonnes/year of alumina production capacity, which together builds well-established electrolytic aluminium production lines. Alumina oxide and carbon, the most important production material for electrolytic aluminium, together account for 50-60% of the cost of electrolytic aluminium production; according to 3.2 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production at the end of 2021, the company has 23% and 56% self-sufficiency of aluminium oxide and carbon.
In Guangxi, Guizhou Province, adjacent to the abundance of aluminium oxide resources in Yunnan Province, the average price of aluminium oxide in Guangxi, Guizhou in 2020 was $2320 per ton, $2330 per ton, and the average price in Shanxi, Henan and Shandong is $2346 per ton below $16-26 per ton;
Figure 9: Distribution of aluminium oxide production capacity in the country 2018, when the company actually controlled 51% of the shares held by the State Treasury of Yunnan Province in the company ' s holding stock, Yunnan Metallurgium, transferred free of charge to China ' s copper industry, the company ' s actual controlling person was changed from the State Finance Committee of Yunnan Province to the State Finance Committee of the State Council.
As a group, the company can rely on the Chinese aluminium system platform to enhance its bargaining power in raw materials and energy, drawing on the resources of the Chinese aluminium group. China's aluminium company, China's Aluminium Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “China's aluminium industry”), is home to the country's aluminium oxide, whose production capacity is concentrated in Guangxi and Guizhou; and China's aluminium industry, which is rich in bauxite resources, not only domestic aluminium.
With the highest volume of earth ore resources, which still hold about 1.8 billion tons of bauxite resources abroad, China’s aluminium industry, from Guinea’s bauxite to the country’s low-cost aluminium oxide, was opened in 2020, providing companies and the domestic market with high-quality, low-cost aerobics. With the big platform of the Chinese-Aluminium group, the company’s advantage in raw materials and energy procurement will be further highlighted.
Cash flow continues to improve, balance sheets are heavily repaired, electrolytic aluminum has increased profitability, profits from the electrolytic aluminium industry chain have been redistributed since 2019, releasing aluminum oxide capacity, and prices are gradually returning to the cost line.
In this case, the electrolytic aluminium chain benefits from a limited production ceiling, less new capacity, and a gradual increase in bargaining power. At the same time, a new cycle of completion in the real estate sector has been opened, with demand for electrolytic aluminium rising to the bottom, gradually absorbing the power released in 2017-2018.
By the effect of supply-side reforms, the price of electrolytic aluminium recovered after a brief hike. After 2019, with the fall in the prices of major raw materials, such as aluminium oxide and the predating anode, the profitability of electrolytic aluminium recovered rapidly, even though the price of electrolytic aluminium fell in the second half of 2019 and remained stable at 13,000-14000.
The short-lived impact of the epidemic, the rapid rebound of electrolytic aluminium prices after they hit the bottom, the return to 2019 levels in the second quarter, and the rapid rise in the second half of the year to historical high levels, which are more sustained than previous booms. With the industry’s high profile, the profitability of companies listed in the electrolytic aluminium industry has gradually recovered, and cash flows have improved significantly.
In the second half of 2019, there was a significant increase in profits for companies. As companies accelerate the recovery of profits and good cash flows, raising some of the costs and impairments, so gross profits (or Māori rates) can be seen in a more straightforward way to reflect higher levels of profitability for companies.
A significant improvement in operating cash flows is the most direct reflection of the industry’s high profile. Aluminium shares have continued to improve since the third quarter of 2019, with single-quarter operating cash flows reaching $1 billion in March and four quarters of 2019, and 2 to 3 quarters of 2020.
The excellent operating cash flow provides a sufficient incentive for sustained expansion of productive capacity, coordinated development of the whole industry chain, and balance sheet restoration. The significant increase in operating cash inflows is also evidence of an increased voice for electrolytic aluminium links, compared with the company’s performance in the 2-3 quarter of 2020.
As a result of this continuous upswing, the four-quarters recovery capacity has further increased, with the overall main operations receiving 95 per cent of the total year 2020, an increase of 2 pct compared to 93 per cent in 2019, and an increase of $5.4 billion in cash received (changes in accounting policies in 2019, the accounts receivable are no longer accounted for in operating cash flows, resulting in a decrease in the overall operating cash inflows, resulting in a decrease in the overall main operations.
By the end of 2020, the net operating cash flow of the company had fallen to 66.5 per cent, a decline from 80.75 per cent in 2014 to more than 14 pct.
The lowest level since 2012. We expect that the price of electrolytic aluminium will remain high throughout the year 2021 and that the annual average will rise more than in 2020, that the profitability of companies and the ability to create cash flows will continue to improve and that the asset-liability ratio will drop.
The company’s debt structure has also been significantly optimized, with interest-free operating liabilities such as current liabilities (accounts payable, bills payable, etc.) increasing in proportion to the upgrading of the chain of electrolysis aluminum.
In addition, in terms of the size of interest-bearing debt, the company has shifted from net repayment of financial borrowing from 2019 onwards to financing cash flow deductions that support large capital expenditures and expansion of capacity, such as multiple fixed increases and their own cash flows, in a context of declining asset and liability ratios and increased profitability of the company as a whole.
Capital market financing facilitates firm guarantees of corporate capacity growth. The electrolytic aluminium industry (including upstream bauxite, aluminium oxide) is a heavy capital expense industry, with a cost of about 0.6-10 million ton of investment in electrolytic aluminium production (excluding electrolytic aluminium production indicators), and the company’s capacity has increased from about 1 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium in 2014 and 800,000 tonnes/year of aluminium oxide to 2.78 million tonnes/year by the end of 2020.
The capital expenditure required is more than 15 billion yuan per year and 1.4 million tons per year. Thus, since 2016, with the rise in the electrolytic aluminium industry, companies have accelerated their capacity-building efforts, raising their average annual capital expenditure from around 1 billion yuan to 3-4 billion yuan; and it is expected that after 2021, with the planned production of electrolytic aluminium, the capital spending intensity will fall significantly.
From 2014 to 2018, operating cash flows were insufficient to support productive capacity-building, and companies relied on capital market financing to facilitate large-scale equity financing. So far in 2014, companies have completed three rounds of targeted increases (which were cancelled in 2017 by the market’s poor impact), with $3 billion spent on hydropower and aluminium integration projects and supplementary liquidity.
The net operating cash flow of companies has already exceeded capital expenditure, and the company plans to electrolyte aluminium production at the end of the construction period, with no new electrolytic aluminium production at its completion, and capital expenditure will decline in size. Corporate operating cash flows have increased significantly since 2019, largely in line with capital expenditure for the year, while companies have accelerated debt repayment.
and structural adjustment; expected to remain high in the medium term, with companies still running a larger cash flow, capital spending will depend mainly on their own blood-producing capacity, and the reliance on capital market equity financing for capacity-building will (note 2020 to be increased to the number of planned releases and fund-raising)
In carbon neutralization, the advantage of hydroelectric aluminium is clear, Yunnan is rich in hydropower, supporting the transfer of electrolytic aluminium production, Yunnan is rich in hydroelectric aluminium.
Yunnan Province is extremely rich in hydro resources, with a rapid increase in the capacity of hydroelectrics, the highest proportion of clean energy use in China, and will continue to grow rapidly in the 10th and 45th period. By the end of 2020, Yunnan Province had more than 6,000 kilowatts of hydropower installed, 7556 million kilowatts (after only 7892 million kilowatts in Sichuan Province) and more than 6,000 kilowatts of electricity installed in the province.
The share is 73%, the highest in the country. In 2020, the amount of new power installed in Yunnan was 8.402 million kW, of which the amount of water installed in Yunnan was 77.17 million kW, or 92.5%, and the amount of additional load installed at the East Ud power station was 6.8 million kW; the total capacity of the White Crane Beach installed 16 million kW in 2021-2022 will support the future capacity of Yunnan hydropower installed and power generation.
The total increase in hydroelectric power generation in Yunnan Province is supported by a steady increase in total electricity generation. In 2020, it reached 27,634 million kWh in Yunnan Province, an increase of 3.7% in the same year, compared with 347,120 million kWh in the same province, an increase of 5.9% in the same year, a ratio of 77.4% compared to the ratio of installed power generation.
There has been a decline, with the reduction in the number of hydropower hours in 2020 leading to a slower than expected increase; the increase in electricity generation from 30.4 per cent to 41.46 billion degrees per year, which supports the increase in demand for electricity downstream; and the increase in wind power and photovoltaic power generation from 24.9 billion to 5 billion degrees, respectively.
The comparative advantage of Yunnan's hydropower costs is clear, with a steady decline since 2013 to 0.2 yuan/degree by meta/degree, of which the average access rates for hydropower, coal, wind, photovoltaic and biomass are 0.199, 0.413, 0.456 and 0.456, respectively.
0.734 and 0.609 yuan. According to data from the Yunnan Power Market Trading Platform, the average price of the electricity trade was 0.181 yuan per tonne, representing more than 60 per cent of the province ' s electricity trade, with a slight increase in the trade price to 0.1845 yuan per degree in 2020, as a result of a decline in the water supply and a lower than expected increase in hydropower generation.
The cost of electricity during the water-rich period is extremely low, with the province-wide average cost of electricity trading during the water-rich period from July to October 2017 to be 0.12 to 0.13 degrees. In the future, with the increase in the volume of water installed, increased outages in Yunnan Province during the water-rich period and increased demand within the water-drying period, it is expected that the fluctuations in electricity prices will be smooth and the overall cost of electricity will continue to decline. But in the short term, however, with the reduction of aluminium in Yunnan Province, the cost of electricity is expected to continue.
High-energy industries such as metal silicon (industrial silicon, multi-crystal silicon, etc.) have increased their demand for electricity at a faster rate than that of power installed, and the advantage of low-cost hydropower has been further highlighted by the country ' s increasing policy tendency to reduce the cost of electricity to businesses and residents, with the price of electricity traded in Yunnan Province rising somewhat in 2020 compared to 2019, but hedged by lowering the cost of distribution costs.
The prices of electricity in the provinces as a whole have continued to decrease. According to the Yunnan Development and Reform Committee ' s Circular of 30 November 2020 on matters related to the distribution and distribution of electricity in Yunnan, 2020-2022, the prices of electricity sold in the general industry and commerce have remained constant, and electricity used in large industries has been reduced by 0.0324/km below 1 kV, 1-10 kV and 35-110 kV.
At Whh, the prices of 110 kV and 220 kV and above were increased by 0.0091 kWh/kWh/kWh/kWh for the sale of electricity; for 500 kV/kW to 0.064 kW/kW/d. 3.500 kv "net" for electricity out-of-grid purchases from the Ministry of Electricity Transfers, the cost of sending electricity out of the province was no more than 0.064 kWh/kWh (tax, line damage)
Yunnan Province, as a major power-exporting province for the west, delivers more than 150 billion degrees of electricity annually to the southeast region and beyond, accounting for more than 40% of the electricity generated in the province.
Data from Ming Electric Trading Centre, which in 2019 generated approximately 346.2 billion degrees of electricity across Yunnan Province (a number different from the 325.2 billion degrees reported by the National Statistical Office), 181.2 billion degrees of electricity throughout the province, 1.7 billion degrees of electricity disposal and 166.4 billion degrees of external transport, accounting for 48 per cent of the total electricity generated in that year. In 2020, 3674.4 billion degrees of full-calibre electricity were generated in Yunnan, an increase of 3.74 per cent.
The total consumption of electricity in the society was 202.5 billion degrees, an increase of 11.76 per cent over the same period; industrial consumption was 148,656 million degrees, an increase of 13.71 per cent over the same period, combined with 53.8 billion degrees in the three industries and the population; and western power delivery was 145.5 billion degrees, an increase of 0.43 per cent over the same period, with a decline in the rate of increase in electricity use in the province.
Currently, Yunnan Province uses about 40 per cent of total electricity, providing sufficient power space for future growth in demand for electrolytic aluminium. In 2020, Yunnan Province produced 2.672 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, with an average consumption of 13,200 degrees per ton of electrolytic aluminium according to the shares of the alumina (400 kilowatt-hours/tons lower in the aluminium exchange electricity industry); Yunnan Shinyima and Yunnan Hongtai are on average.
With the latest technology, energy consumption is also relatively low, and therefore, based on a consumption of 13,200 degrees in tons of electrolytic aluminium, in 2020 Yunnan electrolysis consumed 34.4 billion degrees, accounting for 24 per cent of industrial electricity use (INE electricity calibre) and 10 per cent and 12.5 per cent of electricity and electricity generated throughout the province, which overall remains relatively small.
In 2020, in Yunnan Province, the amount of electricity delivered, including to the west, was about 150 billion degrees, and if it is consumed by industry in the province in the future on the basis of 40% of the amount of electricity delivered, 50% of which is used in the electricity-disabled aluminium industry, it will support the demand for electricity for an additional 2.25 million tons/year electrolytic aluminium production without an increase in total capacity. In 2020, the ratio of electricity consumed by industry nationwide was 68%, assuming clouds.
The share of electricity generated in South Province dropped to 20%, and the share of industrial power used was 78% (lower in Yunnan Province calendar year) and was able to provide 60 billion degrees of electricity increment, which would provide about 4.4 million tons of new capacity per year of electrolytic aluminium.
The first generation units were powered, completed in 2022), matching the increase in the capacity of fire, wind and photovoltaic and hydroelectric units to compensate for the lack of power during the drying period, with an average of 3700 hours of electricity generated throughout the province and an estimated 485 billion degrees of electricity generated throughout Yunnan by 2025. On the assumption that 20% of the electricity would be used for electrolytic aluminium, the power would support it.
Aluminium decomposition capacity of approximately 7.35 million tonnes/year; if 30%, 11 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production. (Tons of aluminium consumption measured at 13,200 degrees) The main electrolytic aluminum taps transfer capacity to Yunnan.
In recent years, driven by policies to limit the production of electrolytic aluminium in Shandong, Henan and Xinjiang, as well as differences in the cost of electricity, there has been a clear shift in domestic electrolytic aluminum production to the south-west and the interior. Since late 2020, the interior zone has gradually tightened its capacity for electrolytic aluminium production.
In 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the National Development Reform Commission (NDRC) Decision on the Application of Price Leverage in Yunnan Province to Support the Development of the Yunnan Hydrolysis Aluminium Industry; and in 2017, in Yunnan, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Specialized Power for the Development of Hydro-Aluminium Processing Integration.
In the context of the programme ' s announcement, the Yunnan Province Pilot Implementation Programme for the Use of Price Leverage to Promote the Discharge of Hydropower, which proposes to host the domestic electrolytic aluminium transfer, forward planning of 8 million tonnes/year electrolytic aluminium production energy targets, Mansan City signed the Hydroelectric Aluminium Integration Industry in 2018 and 2019, respectively, with the Fire Group and the Hong Bridge of China.
Cooperation agreement to grant electric power preferences for electrolytic aluminium production by introducing 900,000 tonnes/year electrolytic aluminium production capacity from the Fire Group, 2.03 million tonnes/year electrolytic aluminium production capacity from the Honghashi (Yunnan Hongtai) in China, and 350,000 tonnes/year electrolytic capacity from its Asian aluminium industry in Xinjiang in the Karang County of Dalian State, building a green low-carbon hydroelectric aluminium processing integration project.
The company’s advantage as a Yunnan hydroelectric aluminum tap is further highlighted by the fact that it currently produces about 3.2 million tons of total electrolytic aluminium, of which 300,000 tons per year in the Yunnan Sea – in the second quarter of 2021.
Alumina shares as local electrolytic aluminium companies in Yunnan Province, continuously planning and building electrolytic aluminium production capacity, and continuing to expand capacity after 2016 through export-purchase capacity indicators and government special approvals, with 3.2 million tonnes/year electrolysis currently available.
Aluminium production capacity, which has grown to 2.78 million tonnes per year, the production market ratio has increased from 3.2% in 2010 to 6.5% in 2020, and the market share has been increasing. The company has long been working to build a power-based distribution of production capacity, completing the distribution of production capacity in areas such as Jing, Mansan, and crane Qing in Yunnan Province. In addition, the company has actively expanded the chain of clean aluminium industry up and down and up to the top.
bauxite, aluminium oxide and anode production capacity to increase the self-sufficiency of raw materials; continued downward expansion of aluminium processing capacity, and increased research and development efforts. The company ' s own and seven subsidiaries produce the main power of electrolytic aluminium, which consists of alumina alumi, alumina spill and a total of 1.65 million tons per year of capacity (including unmanufactured) in the Mansan aluminium industry, which represents the main increase in the production capacity of the company ' s electrolytic aluminium in recent years.
In the Mansan aluminium industry, 70, 500,000 tonnes/year of capacity for the rehabilitation of hydroelectric aluminium after the earthquake in Rutien 6.5, and in Guangxi, 450,000 tonnes/year of capacity for poverty alleviation are derived from the cloud smelting group, the shares in the aluminium and the replacement of the sacred indicators of Sihua in Central Aluminium. 3.2 million tonnes of electrolytic aluminium are now fully constructed, and the subsidiary is in a position to produce 300,000 tonnes/year in the second phase of the aluminum.
No production is expected to take place in the second quarter of 2021, and according to the Yunnan Plan, 8 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production are built in the prospective province, currently 6.5 million tonnes/year, 3.92 million tonnes/year of planned capacity, 3.75 million tonnes/year of operational capacity and 1.5 million tonnes/year of ongoing capacity are expected to remain available during the year.
After the remaining 300,000 tonnes/year of production in the aluminum industry, all production capacity was put into operation, amounting to 3.2 million tonnes/year, accounting for about 70% of total electrolytic aluminium production in Yunnan province. With the successful start of new production, the year 2021 will be the year of release of the public administration ' s electrolytic aluminium production, and the company ' s leadership will be further consolidated.
The power costs are expected to fall, and the tap advantage is further highlighted. Aluminium shares have a clear advantage over hydropower resources, and one of the current constraints on other building capacity in Yunnan is electricity, while all of the company's hydropower resources are now secured and the latest production in Yunnan Sea, in Yunnan Aluminium and Mansan Aluminium.
At the same time, the company and its subsidiaries, Aluminum, Aluminium, Aluminium, Aluminium, and Sun-Yunan, which are also under the same control, have long-term agreements for the purchase of electricity, which are re-arranged on the basis of current prices.
The centralized procurement of electricity from power trading centres enhances the bargaining power trading capacity of companies and subsidiaries, effectively controlling the cost of electricity, avoiding business risks, improving business performance, and enhancing the competitiveness of companies. As the company’s new low-priced production in the Yunnan Sea, Aluminium Spill and Mansan aluminium industries is phased in, the company’s weighted average electricity prices will be reduced.
The company announced a 2021 power purchase agreement between the company and Hyeon, with an agreed purchase price of 0.37 million yuan, a total purchase of 20.7 billion dollars, and a transaction cost of 0.0003 degrees. The price of electricity, while increasing from 2020, was accompanied by a gradual increase in the company’s low-price capacity.
The average company-weighted electricity prices did not rise significantly, with the benefits of carbon peaking, and the electrolytic aluminium industry entering a high-profit era. Since 2020, the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry has undergone a four-round cycle and is now in the fourth-cycle upswing phase.
We believe that, at this point in time, the short, medium and long sequences of electrolytic aluminium support the continued upswing and upswing of the electrolytic aluminium industry. The largest difference between the current cycle and the first three rounds is the table that is now strictly controlled at the supply end, and changes in the supply and demand structure of raw materials lead to long-term maintenance of low levels and co-support of the electrolytic aluminium chain.
Prices, bargaining power and profitability continue to rise in the context of a trend towards sustained growth in demand, with the electrolytic aluminium industry entering a high-profit week and the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry having experienced four cycles since 2000 with low density, light surface, light quality, easy to process, good resilience, corrosion resistance, good conductivity, and shapeability.
Good, weldable, corrosion resistant, recyclable reuse, etc., are widely applied in a variety of areas, such as architecture, transport, electricity, packaging, mechanical equipment, durable consumption, not only as a major building block for manufacturing development, but also as an important support for high-tech development and defence construction. As the cost of electrolytic aluminium production continues to decline, downstream applications are applied.
Infiltration is growing rapidly, with rapid replacements of raw materials such as wood, steel, copper in productive life, and growing macroeconomic relevance. In particular, the use of aluminium alloys in houses is increasing, applications such as aluminium alloy windows, curtain walls, decorations and furniture are increasing, electrolysis aluminium is closely linked to the real estate chain, and demand in the construction sector is therefore more than one-third of total electrolytic aluminium demand.
Real estate completion data are an important indicator of short- and medium-term projections of the trend in demand for electrolytic aluminium. A review of aluminium price fluctuations since 2000 shows that, with macroeconomic fluctuations, changes in the fundamentals of the aluminium chain determine the elasticity of the price and profitability of electrolytic aluminium.
The crisis in the United States real estate subprime mortgage following rapid demand increases in aluminium prices in 2000-2009 led to significant volatility in aluminium prices as a result of the financial crisis; After the "4 trillion plan" in 2010-2015 stimulated a rapid rebound in home-grown aluminium prices, excess capacity and declining consumption led to long-term price volatility; and the suppression of output growth and weaker consumption during the phase of the power supply side reform of electrolysis aluminium in 2016-2020 were combined with weak consumption.
Weakly boosted the hub stage of electrolytic aluminium prices; the global public-health crisis since 2020, which led to large fluctuations in aluminium prices, demand pushed aluminium prices to rise and maintain high profits. From 2001 to 2006, China’s own demand and exports grew rapidly after joining wto, driving global demand for electrolytic aluminium.
The price of aluminium rose from $13,000 per ton in 2002 to $24430 per ton in 2006, an increase of 87.9 per cent in 2008, when the subprime crisis and its rapid spread into a global financial crisis took its toll.
A strong shock, falling from 24,430 to 10,170 tons. From 2009 to 2015, the country was initially stimulated by the "4 trillion plan" and the price of aluminium returned to $18,000 to a high point; with the rapid deployment of domestic electrolytic aluminium production, adding up to the trend of regulated domestic real estate supply with excess capacity and weak demand,
As a result, electrolysis aluminium, together with other commodities, experienced a trend decline of more than three years, falling below $10,000 per ton. From 2015 to 2020, as the reform of the supply side of electrolytic aluminium moved forward, the clean-up of non-compliant production capacity and the tight control of new electrolytic aluminium production capacity quickly rebounded to over $17,000 per ton; and with the simultaneous recovery of the global economy from 2016 to 2017, the price of electrolytic aluminium was required.
Since then, the price of electrolytic aluminium has fallen, influenced by domestic property regulation, macro-leveraging, and the China-United States trade war; the new crowning epidemic in Lidu accelerated the price of aluminium below $11,500 in 2020. So far, the global economy has been recovering, supported by the gradual control of the epidemic, to fuel a recovery in demand; and liquidity has been historically volatile.
On the supply side, new production capacity is limited, high demand continues to drive stocks down, the fundamentals of the electrolytic aluminium industry continue to improve, and the price of aluminium rises to $17,590 per ton. At the current point of a new wave of electrolytic aluminium, we believe that, in short, medium, and long-term logic, the electrolytic aluminium industry is in a position to do so.
High prices, high profitability will be reached; both policies and markets, driven by carbon peaks and carbon neutrality and targets, will give more support to electrolytic aluminium companies that use clean energy.
As of March 17, 2021, the stock of shfe aluminium futures was 36.39 million tons, a 29.95 per cent decline in the same year, and the stock was at 36 per cent of the historical split level.
The historical low of the same period since 2018; the stock of shfe+lme electrolysis aluminium was 22,870 tons, an increase of 51 per cent over the same period; the increase was mainly due to the overtization of the lme inventory, which was only a structural adjustment to the stock; the domestic market for electrolytic aluminium was much faster than in the same time period, with electricity at a high demand for electrolytic aluminium during the fast-tracking period of the country's first quarter of the country's first quarter of the year.
Aluminium disassembly is running at a very high price. Meanwhile, domestic real estate sales from January to February 2021 and completion data are expected to be higher, and demand for aluminium in the construction industry is expected to remain high during the year.
With regard to electrolytic aluminium production capacity, since the start of supply side reform in 2017, the domestic energy ceiling has been set at 45 million tonnes/year, with additional capacity to be replaced by production capacity. As of January 2021, the combined domestic electrolytic aluminium production capacity was 42.44 million tonnes/year, with production capacity at 3,986 tonnes/year, with a 94% capacity utilization rate (the historical average is 85% left).
Right. Although from the current electrolytic aluminium build-up and release capacity observation, the country ' s total electrolytic aluminium production capacity is still at a level of 2.56 million tonnes per year, it is expected that total electrolytic aluminium production will increase or be less than expected throughout the year 2021, with the potential for lower production capacity in the interior of the country.
In 2021, the projected additional capacity is 1.95 million tonnes/year (excluding 650,000 tonnes/year capacity in Hong Kong), but taking into account current carbon emissions, environmental pressures and the potential for less than anticipated progress in generating additional capacity, and the potential for stock production to be reduced by regional environmental policies. In March 2021, Inner Mongolia met its target of achieving "dual energy consumption control"
At the same time, it will make it more difficult to move to new production capacity, with 380,000 tonnes per year of new production in Mongolia expected to be lower. We expect the country's total electrolytic aluminium production to rise by the end of 2021.
The aluminium chain consists of four main components: bauxite mining -- aluminium oxide extraction -- electrolytic aluminium smelting -- aluminium processing, in which profits are mainly concentrated in the aluminium, aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium links, with less bargaining power in the aluminium process.
As the country’s bauxite supply stabilizes, Guinea’s imports are rapidly released, and the bauxite supply is sufficient and prices are stable; Oxygen, which has released more in recent years, has produced a trend of excess production, and the price of which will remain close to the cost line, as the bond bargaining capacity declines. The capacity of the electrolytic aluminium production is limited and demand is strong, the bargaining power is strong, and the profits of the industrial chain are concentrated in the electrolytic aluminium chain.
The price of aluminum hydrogen is expected to remain volatile near the cost line. The price of aluminum oxide was affected in 2016-2018 by the rise in the price of bauxite from the domestic environmental policy and the heating season restrictions, which reduced the profit from electrolytic aluminium to a low point. To ease the pressure on the domestic bauxite supply and reduce the cost of raw materials production,
China’s pioneers in the aluminium industry, led by Honghashi and China’s aluminium industry, have established a large-scale bauxite development project in Guinea, which is rich in bauxite, and have quickly replaced the national bauxite mine with imported bauxite. Chinese bauxite imports have fallen from a yearly average price of 370 yuan per ton to 350 yuan per ton, and have not followed the increase in the profits from electrolytic aluminium from 2019 to 2020.
The balance of supply and demand for aluminium oxide itself is also an important factor influencing the change in profit space for both aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium. The total domestic production of aluminium oxide will reach 8.942 million tonnes per year.
At 45 million tonnes/year. Even taking into account extremes, the industry-wide production capacity utilization rate is 100%, with 1.93 tonnes of aluminium oxide consumed on the basis of ton electrolytic aluminium, the supply of aluminium oxide in 2021 is still larger than the demand for aluminium electrolysis is estimated to be 2.57 million tonnes.
As a result, the cost of electrolytic aluminium raw materials is unlikely to rise significantly, and the profits of the entire industry chain will continue to tilt towards electrolytic aluminium plates. The electric price of electrolytic aluminium is expected to rise, and the cost advantage of clean energy will increase.
Domestic electrolytic aluminium, which mainly uses fire power (coal) and hydropower, is currently dominated by fire power, at 88%, and hydropower, at about 8%; while other electrolytic aluminium productions in China and abroad account for only 25% of the electricity and clean energy, nearly 75%. China’s electrolytic aluminium industry still has a gap between clean energy use and the global average.
Coal as a coal supply generating CO2 is expected to decline gradually, leading to a rise in coal prices. The cost of electrolytic aluminum electric power is largely influenced by coal prices and grid policies, while coal prices are becoming more stringent by reduced carbon pressure and environmental pressure on coal.
On the other hand, it is expected that local governments will actively adjust their energy structures to meet their carbon emission targets, reduce the share of fire power and reduce carbon emissions. For example, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region notified on 4 February 2021 that, with a view to strengthening the dual control of total energy consumption and intensity, the Autonomous Communities will levy policy cross-subsidies on self-contained power plants from 10 February, and the Moncey and Mondon power grids.
The standards are 0.01 and 0.02 (tax-bearing) per kilowatt hour, respectively, and the grid policy is further tightened, with the expected electric power costs of electrolytic aluminium, and the power advantage of hydroelectric aluminium is expected to increase further in the future. Hydroelectricity is the way in which mechanical energy is converted into electricity using water differentials, and the process is almost non-emission of co2.
More than 11.2 tons of co2 were emitted, and thus the advantage of low hydropower clean energy and carbon emissions is evident compared to thermal power generation.The main costs of hydropower, based on the cost of electricity, are depreciation, fiscal fees and financial costs, which together account for about 70% of the total cost, of which depreciation costs are determined by the cost of installed machinery, the main assets of the hydroelectric plant are construction and machinery.
Water and electricity plants have a high pre-natal period, but with the commissioning of the plant, sufficient cash flow will support the utility company in servicing its debt and reducing the asset liability rate. Because of the relatively simple technical level of the plant, combined with the natural conditions, it is less likely that the plant will be able to expand and upgrade, and the plant can operate for up to 100 years, while the total depreciation age of the plant is normal.
For 25-30 years, the cost of hydroelectric power generation will therefore be accompanied by a reduction in the cost of hydroelectric power plants as the length of service increases and the debt ratio decreases, and the cost advantage of hydropower will continue to be apparent.
The carbon emissions from the production of electrolytic aluminium accounted for about 5.0 per cent of total domestic carbon emissions, and China proposed a “double carbon” target in September 2020, but there are still problems of high carbon emissions, relatively irrational energy structure, high carbon, over-representation of fossil energy, and China has greater carbon-reduction pressures, and the government may be taking a stronger approach in the future.
According to Wind, China's carbon emissions are mainly from fuel combustion, accounting for more than 90 per cent of the country's carbon emissions, with electricity and heating accounting for 51 per cent of the fuel carbon emissions and electrolytic aluminium for 8 per cent of the plate, so that the total carbon emissions from electrolytic aluminium consumption alone amount to 4.1 per cent of the country's total carbon emissions, in addition to those from the power consumption chain.
The decomposition of the anode also produces a certain amount of carbon dioxide, accounting for about 2 per cent of the country ' s production of carbon emissions and 0.6 per cent of the country ' s total carbon emissions. In 2019, China produced 35.12 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, representing 55.2 per cent of global electrolytic aluminium production.
Taken together, total carbon emissions from electricity consumption, raw material production and the electrolysis chain account for almost 5 per cent of the country’s carbon emissions, with the generation of nearly 82 per cent of the electricity chain, and this portion of the carbon emissions is largely generated by fire power (nearly 88 per cent of China’s electrolytic aluminium production capacity is powered by fire). Since 1998, China’s carbon emissions from electrolytic aluminium have increased steadily, from 1 per cent in 1998 to 4 pct
By 5%, carbon emissions have increased over the years, and there will be greater pressure to reduce carbon emissions in the electrolytic aluminium industry in the future. On the one hand, there will be a need to increase the share of clean energy consumption in electrolytic aluminium, and on the other hand, to control the production of electrolytic aluminium and to develop regenerated aluminium to reduce direct emissions.
With further progress and implementation of subsequent carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and specific policies, electrolysis aluminium is expected to continue to be produced as a high-power-consuming industry, and production is expected to remain limited by policy. At present, electrolytic aluminium production is concentrated in the Autonomous Region of Mongolia (in the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia, according to data from Bechon), with an output capacity of approximately 6.02 million tons, or about 15% of the national electrolytic aluminium production, ranked third) owing to energy consumption and double-control.
The pressure is high, and measures have been gradually introduced to control the addition of new capacity, and to raise prices for some industries. High costs and energy-intensive aluminium production in the future may be at risk of being reduced or restricted.
The current increase in traditional demand for electrolytic aluminium, such as domestic construction, electricity, consumer goods, machinery, packaging, etc., has returned to the pre-epidemic average; New energy vehicles and photovoltaic aluminium have increased significantly in the new demand. According to IPV, 90gw will be added to the country in 2025, and 2016 tons of electrolytic aluminium will be required for 1gw light voltage, we expect a new 2021/202223
In light voltage will drive 89/107/128 million tons of electrolytic aluminium demand. In light-quantified applications of aluminium, according to the Chinese Society of Autobiology Engineering, the target for aluminium use in cars is expected to rise from the current 190 kgg to 350 kgg by 2030, with an average annual composite growth rate of 11%, new energy vehicles are expected to be more lightly quantified, accompanied by a steady rise in vehicle demand, accelerated demand for new energy, and electrolysis.
Aluminium downstream demand will continue to improve. Taken together, electrolytic aluminium will play an important role at both the supply and demand ends as carbon peaks and policies continue to advance. The supply end will slow or even decline as energy consumption double-control pressure increases, and the consumption end will be accompanied by "light quantification" and "double carbon."
Further implementation of the objective will continue to benefit from the continued drivers of new energy demand, with supply and demand gaps opening further. Carbon peaks, carbon neutralization and carbon asset expansion, Anteco based on national standards, Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting Requirements, Part 4: Aluminium Smelting Enterprises (gbt32151.4 - )
The 2015 estimates that the average domestic electric power consumption for the electrolytic chain in 2020 was 10.3 tons of carbon/ton of aluminium, with a minimum and maximum values of 7.5 tons of carbon/ton of aluminium and 12.1 tons of carbon/ton of aluminium, respectively. There are 41 electrolytic aluminium manufacturers with low carbon emissions compared to the national average, with a combined production capacity of 14.7 million tons/year, with a minimum of 7.1 tons of carbon/ton of aluminium in Yunnan at present.
Aluminium shares are all hydroelectric aluminium, which is partially made up during the dry season, so the carbon emissions corresponding to electricity should be significantly lower than the national average. Policies for the certification of carbon emissions from hydropower aluminium are in the process of being developed, and we anticipate that the carbon emission conversion factor for the Southern grid is expected to be a point of reference prior to the formal inclusion of carbon trading in the colored industry.
Based on the above measurements, assuming a national average of 10.3 tonnes of carbon per tonne of electricity consumed by electrolytic aluminium electrolysis links, and if all of the electrolytic aluminium uses hydropower, the carbon consumed by electricity in the electrolytic chain is almost zero, which is larger than the average.
Aluminium-based electrolytic aluminium production capacity for the electrolytic chain is assumed to consume carbon on the basis of a conversion factor of 0.5271 (data for 2012) for the Southern grid, multiplied by the national average, resulting in carbon emissions of 5.3 tons of carbon/t of aluminium, which saves the national average of about 5 tons of carbon/t of aluminium.
In developed countries like Europe, carbon emission policies in the electrolytic aluminium industry currently eliminate carbon emission quotas, and all carbon emissions from electrolytic aluminium need to be purchased from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (primarily from government sector auctions). Assuming that electricity consumption from the electrolytic aluminium circuit in Europe is similar to domestic electricity generation, natural gas is generating electricity.
Carbon emissions are relatively low, assuming 50% of the electricity generated by coal combustion, and carbon emissions from electrolytic aluminium electrolysis in Europe / tons of carbon, increasing the cost of carbon emissions from electrolytic aluminium at around $1,600/t of aluminium. The domestic future is also expected to follow the evolution of developed countries like Europe, gradually reducing carbon emission quotas for electrolytic aluminium; assuming that, after carbon peaks are achieved, the above-mentioned figures are taken into account.
A 10.3-ton carbon/t aluminium level is calculated at a rate of 1-ton carbon/t aluminium reduction per year, and electrolytic aluminium manufacturers need to purchase carbon emission quotas from external sources, which will boost carbon emissions prices, support future increases in clean energy loads and market share, and benefit from a profit forecast, valuation and investment ratings
According to the company’s current progress in the construction of the electrolytic aluminium production line, we expect the company’s shares and Xinjiang and its business performance to be disclosed, and the rest to be projected. Aluminium spilled in the third half of Phase II is below expectations; repeated aluminium prices have dropped significantly; and policies related to carbon peaks have advanced below expectations.
Dong Mingbin, Master of Physics, Chinese University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for building materials and steel research. Lin, George Washington University, Master of Finance, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on precious metals and small metals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient for the purpose of the present report, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
At different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, different perspectives and analytical methods are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.