The global boom has helped to raise shipping prices, and the demand for dry and bulk freight is high. The Southwest Securities Institute has been at a new high since March. Of this, the Bci index rose by 13.51 per cent to 3790 points.
In the current year, the construction of hydroelectric plants in the lower Yaruzhub River began, and it is proposed to build five ladder stations with a total investment of about 1.2 trillion yuan. The hydroelectric plant is expected to be installed at 70 million kilowatts, three times more than three gorges at 300 billion kilowatts a year. With the start of the works, iron ore, coal, coal, etc.
As a result, demand for the transport of large commodities, such as cement raw materials, has risen, particularly through a significant increase in sea-based imports, which has given a strong boost to the global dry bulk transport market. Brazil’s iron ore exports have continued to rise.
At the same level, the total volume of shipments in the second quarter was 80 million tons. Reports of production in the fresh water valley show that the production of iron ore in the second quarter was 83.6 million tons, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the new production record at the S11d mine in the north and the strong performance of the brucutu mine in the southeast.
Under trade frictions, China turned to South America to purchase large amounts of soybean, maize and yuan from Brazil; and after a prolonged harvest in Brazil, there was an influx of agricultural products.
Ports, resulting in port congestion, extended waiting times for ships, and higher immediate freight charges. In addition, West Africa, Guinea, exports of bauxite in the first half of 2025 amounted to 95 million tons, an increase of 36 per cent from the previous year, a record high, but inadequate port facilities and delays in loading ships for 17 days, an increase of almost a week over the same period last year, exacerbating bulk ship discharges.
According to Clarkson, as of January 2025, nearly 30% of the global bulk fleet (carrying tons of £10,000 tons) were more than 15 years old. Environmental regulations are becoming more stringent.
At the same time, there has been no significant increase in the delivery of new ships, as a result of uncertain economic prospects and capacity constraints. Combined with global port congestion, prolonged berthing, and other factors, the overall capacity has been significantly reduced.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: as at 10 July, commercial ship dry bulk vessel plates had 102 ships in operation (excluding chartered vessels) and were in the top global position, of which Vloc37 (including shareholdings and surrogates), seabild bulk ships 16, Panama-type bulk ships 6 and spiritual bulk ships 37 with heavy lifting for multiple purposes
The company’s large bulk fleet is expected to benefit from the market dividend, and, while profits are growing, it is expected that commercial ships (601872) will be recruited: diversified operations will not be compromised by, nor will they be compensated, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.