Source: Huayuansecurities, 29/07/2024.
Investing in the sorority of nuclear medicine and improving the capacity for comprehensive medical treatment: On 25 July 2024, Shanghai Federation of Film and Medical Science and Technology, Inc., proposed to invest its own funds in the Sichuan sorority particle.
Science and Technology Ltd., trading at 120 million yuan, joint film medicine at 10 per cent of sorority, valued at 1 billion yuan before the current round of financing, joint film medicine has the right to appoint a director to the board of directors, and this investment is expected to promote the integration of joint film medicine in molecular imaging.
Particle accelerators are rare enterprises that provide access to nuclear medicine. The sorority source is a domestic swing accelerator-producing enterprise with a range of capabilities such as 7mev, 11mev, 20mev, etc., which is used mainly for the preparation of electron radioisotopes for Pete equipment, which is one of the important equipment for nuclear medical treatment.
In 2023 and the first half of 2024, the company earned 46,833,700 yuan and 4706,000 yuan (unaudited) in net profits for the same period of -9.95 million yuan and -13.962 million (unaudited).
In March 2023, the National Health Council issued a circular authorizing large-scale medical equipment configuration management catalogue (2023), which promotes the conversion of some equipment from category A to category B, or from category B to the catalogue, where the active electronic transmission magnetic resonance imaging system (pet/mr) is adjusted from category A to category B, conventional radiotherapy equipment (package).
The integration of medical straight-line accelerators, spiral-coupled radiotherapy systems, gamma-ray stereodirectional therapy systems) into class B management, the downgrading of molecular images and the distribution of therapeutic products, which is expected to lead to an increase in the availability of products in various medical institutions, the continued abundance of product matrices, and an increase in the overall competitiveness of molecular images.
\triangleright Enterprise with a number of core techniques in scintillations, detectors, etc., and continuous grinding of products around tumors, nerves, heart-related diseases and clinical treatments, with industry leading products such as tofpet/ctproduct umi
780, integrated pet/mr products upmr 790 et al., in 2023, revenues from company molecular image equipment (mi) amounted to 1,552 million yuan, an increase of 1.35 per cent, or about 13.60 per cent, over the same period. By investing in sorority sources, the matrix of company molecular image products is further enriched and nuclear medicine is closed.
For 40x, 33x, 27x. Selecting Australasia Neoscope, Myrry Medical Care as a comparable company is 38 times the average of the company in 2024, based on the continued abundance of the company's image equipment, the increasing global competitiveness of high-end products, their first coverage, giving points that accurately reflect their personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
... that any part of my remuneration has not been, has not been or will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific investment opinion or opinion contained in this report. ]