24h1 performance has been slightly pressured to wait for demand to be released
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn has still to be implemented for some time, and there is a short backlog of market demand. We believe that the company's business performance in the first half of the year is still better than the average industry, with the company's product lines ranked equally.
At the forefront of the industry, and as the dynamism-driven effects of equipment upgrading policies are becoming apparent, firms are either leading or will benefit fully from the industry, and their domestic performance is expected to return to a faster growth trend in the second half of the year. (+4 pct) (+4 pt), order volume and income are on a high-growth basis, technological innovation and product diversification are on a par with each other.)
As firms deepen their international market expansion, they now cover more than 70 countries/regions in Asia, the Americas, Europe, Oceania, Africa, etc.
The product structure is further optimized, driving a steady increase in profitability. The combined Māori ratio of 2024q2 is 51.01 per cent (+3.41pct), which is expected to be dominated by a higher Māori ratio of service-level operations and higher end product ratios, as well as improved efficiency of operations driven by efficiency gains.
In keeping with high-intensity R & D innovations, the product market is leading. The research and development of the 2024h1 company has been invested in 1017 million yuan (+11.11%), and the company has maintained high-intensity R & D for many years over the core technology in the field of large medical equipment, such as medical images, equipment, radiotherapy products, etc.
The Division has cumulatively rolled out over 120 products to the market, with the first, mr and third in the first half of the year in the combined market share of domestic ct products, and the third in the list of pet/ct and pet/mr in the mi product.
The first/second, the fourth, the second, the fourth, and the third, the rt, the market, the 2023 annual report and the first quarter of 2024: high-end output 2. [Galactic Medicines] company review _ joint video medicine (688271):
(a) Recommendations for investment: joint film medicine is the lead in the manufacture of home-grown medical imaging equipment, with rich product lines and advanced production lines growing robustly and with a globalized layout that is fully successful;
3. [Galaxy’s Medicine] Company Review _ Joint Film Medicine (688271): The company’s long-term dynamism is strong. Given that domestic dynamism is still to be restored, my Mrxr product growth is high, and overseas operations are robust.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.