It's a good policy to release the demand for the video market.
Incidents: The company released its mid-2024 report, which generated $5.33 billion (+1.2%) in 2024, and a slight decline in product lines, such as net profit xr, but the core product line remained market-led. The revenue from maintenance services grew faster than the equipment, mainly as the stock of installed machines increased and end-user satisfaction continued to rise.
• In March 2024, the Council of State issued a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods for old ones, which explicitly calls for the upgrading of the equipment and information-based facilities of medical institutions, and encourages health-care institutions in a position to do so to speed up medical imagery and release them.
The renovation of medical equipment, such as radiation treatment, tele-diagnosis, among which medical images are one of the country’s priority products. It is expected that the old policy will begin to land gradually in 24h2, with the configuration restrictions of the new configuration, except that the procurement of medium- and high-end video equipment is expected to accelerate. The company’s product lines cover basically high-end medical images.
There is hope that diagnostic and radiotherapy products will continue to have a good policy impact. • Foreign markets will continue to expand. Companies will also be active in expanding foreign emerging markets at the same time as deep-farming domestic markets. Public goods will be certified on time, 47 products will be certified on fda510 (k) and distribution networks will cover major global markets.
Developed markets and emerging markets. 2024h1 RMB 930 million (+29.9 per cent) of overseas income, overseas income as a share of the Biti (two-wheel drive (2024-05-08) 2. Joint cinema (688271): Dismantling of configuration card restrictions.
Release of high-end product procurement requirements (2023-11-05) 3. Joint Shadow Medical Care (688271): 23h1 performance is on schedule and the share of overseas income continues to rise
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.