\triangleright sales and sales revenue have increased substantially, but the meat market has become less popular, feed prices are higher and the disease is more prevalent.
In part, it still affects the productivity of the pig industry, which, even if the production performance of the pig industry increases every month, overall farm costs are still higher than sales prices, resulting in higher losses for the pig industry during the reporting period. According to our estimates, the total cost of pig farming in the 2023h1 company is around $17/kg, compared to the year 2022.
\triangleright billion yuan, +11.4 per cent of the same year; 550 million chickens, +13.3 per cent of the same year, or 10.4 per cent of the 5.3 billion chickens in the country; the average selling price of the chickens was 13.1 yuan/kg, or 5.7 per cent of the same; and the average weight of the column was 2.2.
The combined cost of farming is well controlled, and we expect that the total cost of pheasant farming in 2023h1 will be about $14 per kilogram left right, but the price of pheasant sales is lower than the cost of pheasant farming, and the company ' s chicken-raising business suffers from losses.
The \triangleright hog stock has risen to about 1.52 million by the end of July, and the reserve hog has about 600,000. Efficiency: cut down Han Xiaofei, research assistant.
\triangleright profits, etc., but the company did not lose operating cash flows.
+2.8 billion yuan. The company will continue to adhere to the principle of sound operations, with constant change and a strong push to achieve productive objectives effectively.
\triangleright - 2023/02/05 The \triangleright - 2023/02/05 company, with pig-breeding and chicken-breeding at its core, is showing an improved profitability and maintains a “recommended” rating.
Q: Pigs, chicken climate resonance, three-quarters performance improvement - 20: q2 performance swings to a profit, farmed taps are promising, 5. Winch shares (300498.sz) depth report: pig-breeding
The report clearly and accurately reflects the views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received any direct or indirect responsibility for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.