The annual pig industry and the yellow chicken industry are in a low cycle, and the prices of company meat and chicken sales are lower than the combined costs of farming, resulting in losses for both major producers.
. ..with 1 h2023 pigs rising by 47.2% the same year, the combined cost of pig farming is falling steadily, company prices are rising from 300 to 2.4 million in August and the months ahead.
The combined cost of farming is about $16.7 per kilogram. At present, companies are able to grow about 1.5 million pigs, after which more than 600,000 pigs are in stock and 92% of the meat pigs are on the market, and key indicators continue to rise, laying the groundwork for the birth of pigs in 2024.
Quarterlyly, q1 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2
In the first half of the year, the company registered 94.7% of the chickens, and the production performance was steady.
There is no change in the trend towards the degenerativeization of pig farming: since mid-July, the price of pig production has risen, but it has remained relatively low, as the price of pig production has risen: q4 chickens have performed both ways, the price of pig meat has risen, the price of hogs has risen, and the price of second-dollar hogs has risen.
In February-June of this year, the number of newborn pigs, the number of live animals, the number of live animals, and the index of pig production, the Director-General Lee Sheung revealed that Chinese pigs produced more than 700 million head in recent times, together with the construction and idle production of live pigs.
From the perspective of listed companies, the marketed pig-producing business in 2023 was not yet fully operational, there was still room for improvement in 2024, and low prices of pigs were expected to stimulate further output clearance; and the price of pigs had been reversed at an unknown time and asset-liability rates had risen and financial pressures were increasing.
Some of the listed pigs have made it clear that capital costs associated with the business of living pigs will hardly be incurred in the next two years, and even the listed pigs have indicated that later expansion will only consider mergers and acquisitions of existing production capacity in the industry, and no new production capacity will be considered.
The white chicken plate, which we have maintained since the beginning of the upward cycle of commodity surrogate prices or which was launched at the end of 2023, is worth noting that the overall performance of the chicken plant has declined significantly, or that it has led to an earlier increase in commodity substitution prices. The yellow chicken plate, which has been low since 2019 in the surrogates of the producing parents, and the parents' surrogate chickens.
The market is at its lowest level since 2018, and the yellow geese industry is expected to earn a normal profit in 2023. The chicken price is expected. As the pig-breeding industry continues to lose its capacity, the pig prices in 2024 are expected to usher in a new cycle of up-to-date production, the company being the second largest pig-breeding enterprise in the country and the first yellow pheasant-breeding industry.
Businesses are expected to achieve a significant increase in net profits and maintain their “buy-in” rating. Epidemics; chicken prices rise later than expected; pig prices continue to fall; and the report is produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.