A steady increase in performance in cost control + new capacity, enabling future development, Tonway shares.
The company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2018. The company achieved business income of $12,461 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 12.24 per cent over the previous half; and a steady increase in the sales of products owned by listed companies.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved 12,461 million yuan, of which $6,085 million, representing 49 per cent of total revenue, a decline of 1.82 per cent over the same period. The photovoltaic industry accounted for 51 per cent of total revenue, with multiple crystallized silicon, increased battery sales and high profitability as the main drivers of growth in the company’s performance. Multicrysil silicon generated 0.87 million tons of sales, an increase of 6.73 per cent over the same period, and increased the company’s profits by 43.52 per cent over cost control advantages.
Crucially important business plates. Battery product sales were about 3gw, an increase of 66% from the same year, and continued to be fully productive, with over 100% capacity and a Māori rate of 16. In the first half of 2018, the company was ranked first in the industry.
2. High-quality silicon will benefit from industry integration with a cost advantage. The company currently has 20,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon production capacity and has good sales in the first half of the year.
At the same time, the company is moving ahead with the development of a 25,000-ton high-purity crystal silicon project in Leysan, which is expected to be completed by 2018, with multiple crystals, with a total production capacity of 70,000 tons/year, with production costs falling below 40,000 yuan/ton. After a significant price reduction in the chain of industries resulting from the New Deal of 531 years, silicon is expected to become operational in 2018.
Prices have taken the lead in stabilizing, with the current price of vegetable flowers for multi-crystalization, which has stabilized at 89,000 ton and 96,000 ton, while pre-production costs can remain below $60,000 per ton, with a high profit rate of over 40% at current silicon prices. In silicon manufacturing, electricity can account for about 30% of the total cost, while the company’s manufacturing plants in Leysan and the bagheads can enjoy local access.
In the context of excess light-voltage industries and the acceleration of subsidy slopes, product prices are still under pressure, capacity is a challenge for all companies in the industrial chain, and ultimately the leading firms with excellent cost control, high capacity, and high bargaining power will survive. Companies are expected to benefit from industrial integration, and continue to expand their market share in the silicon sector, making them the leading firms in the field.
The dual advantage of the battery “cost + capacity” guarantees profitability RM/w, which the company can reduce to below 0.3 yuan/w, and thus remain stable in the face of a significant decline in battery prices, while the company is actively expanding, with three stages of 3.2gw in KD3 and a 2.3gw high-efficiency monocrystal battery project expected to become operational in 18q4.
By that time, total capacity will reach 11gw. Large-scale production and good cost-control capabilities will drive down processing costs by about 10%, further raising the profitability of high companies and stifling their positions in the face of falling battery prices and an accelerating trend towards industrial integration.
The company took full advantage of the two main industries, agriculture and photovoltaic, and integrated into a “light as one” model to increase efficiency. The cost of photovoltaic power plants had fallen below $5/w, and the Māori rate was close to 30%. In the first half of 2018, it achieved a power generation of 330 million degrees, with an electricity sales revenue of about 200 million at the current price of photovoltaic subsidies. The company’s leading edge in upstream silicone, medium-swap batteries, and the sharing of water and underwater space between photovoltaic stations and fish ponds would help to further reduce light.
The cost of building and operating a voltage plant represents a differentiated competitive advantage. The East’s rich and intelligent company, a leading domestic silicon and battery company, will operate against the background of an overall excess capacity in the photovoltaic industry and ongoing capacity-building.
Overcost control and scale advantage to further increase market share and profitability. We expect companies to split their operating income between 2018 and 2020.
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Master of Science and Technology, 4 years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, 3 years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry.
In 2018, he joined the East Hing Portfolio for research on electrical equipment and new energy sources.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies