Tungway shares (600438) reported semi-annual ratings, performance met expectations, with significant cost advantages for photovoltaic silicon and battery.
High-end products such as feed, shrimp, and functional feed account for 55% of aqueous feed. Battery has a significant cost advantage, and continued expansion has led to the creation of a leader.
In the first half of the year, the company sold about 3gw, an increase of 66% from the same year, and continued to produce and sell at full capacity, with the largest volume of battery fragments in the world. The company’s output of 3.2gw and compost 2.3gw is expected to be in production in the fourth quarter, with battery chips producing more than 11gw by the end of the year. Currently, the company’s battery plate is not silicon.
The cost is 0.2-0.3 yuan/w and continues to decline, keeping the industry in the lead, with an expansion of production capacity of 0.6 percentage points and a stable profitability. The first half of the year, when the compost and the comptoir together achieved a net profit of $330 million, the corresponding net profit is about 0.11/w. The battery is in the middle ring of the silicon and the component.
At the same time that battery prices have fallen, the prices of upstream silicons have fallen, and companies continue to optimize their processes, keeping processing costs below industry levels will yield stable returns, with little impact on policy changes.
The company’s multi-crystal silicon capacity has reached 20,000 tons, and the project will be completed by 2018, when the company’s multi-crysilica capacity will reach 70,000 tons. In multi-crystal silicon production, the cost of energy and raw materials is highest, with energy costs as high as 39-46% of the total cost, in particular.
It is essential to reduce the cost of electricity by focusing on the cost of electricity. Tetrachloride silicon cold hydrogenification has saved electricity consumption. The full cost of existing production lines is already below $60,000 per ton. The full cost of new production lines can be reduced to $50,000 per ton, making the technology, cost and quality of company multi-crystal silicon production available.
The price of silicon per ton is already lower than the cash cost of many plants, and the company's new capacity will increase the installed capacity and generation capacity of photovoltaic plants steadily. By the end of June 2018, 40 projects had been completed, with a cumulative capacity of 848mw.
New 361mw for 2018h1; 335 million degrees for 2018h1 power generation, an increase of 13.18 per cent over the year 2017. Meanwhile, the combined cost of photovoltaic power plants has fallen to within $5.00/w and is expected to fall to within $4.3.w in 2019, and the company expects to achieve photovoltaic parity access in the second half of 2019, depending on the availability of funds.
A major change in the new energy subsidy policy has taken place; capacity expansion does not meet the expected risks, upstream origin address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Guangzhou Street, Chu Jiangxi Road, Guangzhou City