Tungwei shares (600438.sh) (6004338): good agricultural performance, high glimmers of light, consolidation of the vanguard of growth.
In the first half of 2018, the company issued its semi-annual report, which met expectations. In the first half of 2018, the company ' s dual-owned business was operating well, earning 12.26 billion yuan, earning 5.294 billion yuan, an increase of 24.8 per cent over the same period, while the agricultural plate generated 6,944 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
An orderly upgrading of high-quality multi-crystal silicon capacity, and prospects for import and low-end market substitution are significant. Companies achieved 0.87 million tons of multi-crystal silicon sales in the first half of 2018, an increase of 6.73% over the same period, and a Māori ratio of 43.52%.
The company’s debt transfer request was approved successfully, and $5 billion is proposed to be used for two high-purity multi-silicon projects.
By 2018, the company's multi-crystal silicon capacity will reach 70,000 tons/year, and the quality of the product will be further enhanced, while the cost of production will be further reduced to less than $40,000/ton. In May 2018, the company acquired two consecutive downstream poles of central ring shares, and Lungi shares together amounted to no less than 5,400 tons.
The sales contract, which will effectively absorb the company’s silicon expansion capacity, continues to expand and the cost advantage increases the profitability of the company’s sales of batteries in the first half of 2018 by about 3gw, an increase of 66% over the same year, with a Māori ratio of 16.68%.
5.4 gw battery capacity continues to grow at a rapid rate of production over 100%, based on the size of the capacity. Twilight has a significant advantage in the non-silicon cost of battery-making. Single, multi-crystal cell non-silicon processing costs have entered areas of 0.2-0.3 yuanw and continue to decline as a result.
The three-phase 3.2gw high-efficiency silicon cell project in Chengdu and the two-phase 2.3gw high-efficiency silicon cell project in combing were put into production in the second half of 2018, which will further boost solar cell processing, which will continue to fall in cost and increase corporate profitability and competitive advantage.
The company’s multi-crystal silicon capacity has reached 20,000 tons and is in the process of building 50,000 tons. The cost of energy and raw materials is the highest in multi-crystal silicon production, and the cost of raw materials is a non-diggerable factor, determined by the market’s supply and demand.
The total cost is 39-46%, especially for electricity, and it is vital to reduce the cost of electricity. The trichloride silicon cold hydrogenification technology in Tomway has effectively saved electricity consumption, bringing the technology, cost, and quality of corporate multi-crysilica production close to or representative of advanced international levels.
Risks of uncertainty in domestic photovoltaic policies, increased competition for batteries, decrease in silicon Maori, and a sales team at the Institute of Tungwee shares pb-band
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.