Coal industry (601225.sh) with robust performance, coal power integration, 3-quarterly report 2024: $12.543 billion in revenues in the first three quarters of 2024.
Coal production was 12.77 million tons, + 2.8 per cent of the same year; coal sales were 1.95 million tons, + 5.1 per cent of the same year, while home-grown coal sales were 12.98 million tons, +2.4 per cent of the same year. Coal production by 2024q3 companies was 41.37 million tons, integrated with coal power at the distribution station, smoothing the price of coal and enhancing robust performance.
The announcement states that the controlling shareholders thorium conglomerates are to transfer to the company all the shares they hold in the company. According to the thorium power conglomerate network, its existing power grid is 1,082 thousand kilowatts (kW), 962 million kW of coal and 1.2 million kW of new energy sources, distributed mainly in Shaanxi, Hunan, Hubei, River.
Six provinces: South, Shanxi, Jiangxi; by the end of the 14th Five-Year Plan, 55.7 million kilowatts will have been installed, generating $20 billion and making a profit of $2.5 billion.
With $15.3 billion in revenue, the total profit is $1.8 billion. It is expected that the company’s acquisition of a coal power company will effectively extend the length of its operations in the coal industry (601225.sh) – maintaining a strong share of the dividends – to the coal industry chain and enhance its economic efficiency; and that coal power will operate as a whole, smoothing its performance.
Coal industry (601225.sh) - three-quarters robust performance, four-quarter industry round-up investment proposal: to maintain profit forecasts and a “better than the big market” rating. Coal industry (601225.sh) - a robust overall operation, with non-recurrent gains and losses affecting performance
The company operates robustly and maintains a profit forecast, with the company expected to return its net profit to its mother in 2024-2026, respectively. Quality resources in Xiangxi Coal (601225.sh) - good quality resources, good coal quality, strong coal production capacity, and room for growth, while the company's performance is still high
The impact of a safe production accident and the company’s increased production capacity were not released as expected. The average ring ratio of 2024q3 coal production/distribution was reduced, and the self-produced coal ring increased.
In September 2024, the company issued an announcement stating that the controlling shareholder Qingqiao Coal Group intended to transfer to the company all its shares in the company ' s coal power group company.
Thousands of kilowatts, distributed mainly in the six provinces of Kansai, Hunan, Hubei, Henan, Shanxi, Jiangxi; the total planned load of the 14th Five-Year Plan will reach 5.57 million kilowatts (of which the coal power holding unit will be 29.2 million kilowatts, the total participation unit will be 21.5 million kilowatts, and the new energy source will be 5 million kilowatts), generating 20 billion yuan and making a profit of 2.5 billion yuan in 2023.
The company’s acquisition of the coal power company is expected to result in an expansion of the coal industry chain to enhance economic efficiency, while coal is operated as a whole, smoothing its performance. Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
Firms operate robustly and maintain profitability forecasts, with a projected net return profit for the period 2024-2026 expected to be good, with an advantage in the size of coal production and with room for growth, while companies perform robustly and have a strong dividend return, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.