Business performance maintained robust and coal-integrated development time-table Events: 29 October 2024, 3rd Quarterly Report 2024 issued by Xiangxi Coal Industry, 3rd Quarter prior to Xiaoxi Coal Industry (601225.sh)
Coal production of 127.77 million tons, +28.2 per cent per year; coal sales of 1.94 million tons, average price of 618 yuan per ton for carbon sales - 6.24 per cent per year; unit cost of sale of 404 yuan per ton, same as \triangleright
With confidence and recognition of the company ' s long-term investment value, from 27 October 2023 to 26 October 2024, the saloon group accumulated a cumulative increase of 12.13 billion yuan (excluding taxes) in the company by means of a centralized bid.
On September 5, 2024, the company announced its intention to enter into an asset transfer agreement with the controlling shareholders to acquire shares in the conglomerates of coal power held by the controlling shareholders.
The acquisition of the above-mentioned assets corresponds to the company’s real business needs and strategic development directions, which can further reduce associated transactions, increase operating income, extend the chain of industry in the main coal industry, and promote high-quality corporate development. We believe that the development of coal as a whole is expected to lead to improved corporate performance and business stability.
Prospective profits and investment ratings: We believe that supply inelasticity and demand elasticity are still present in the coal industry over the next three to five years, and that the domestic power coal price hub is expected to operate midway.
The coal industry has high-quality coal resources in North Korea, with significant cost advantages and a coal power integration strategy.
We expect the company to realize its net return profit in 2024-2026 to be 1227 Min Munxi Street in Beijing City West Side.
(b) The Golden Mansion B, which maintains the “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
\triangleright Tung Ming, Doctor, University of Mines, China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association ' s Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal of the Graduate Institute of Securities Economy and Finance, and now Co-head of the Sindha Energy Coal and Steel Co-ordination, Senior Engineer, Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Management of the Second Sub-Society of Coal Coal Industries of China, Deputy Director of Coal Mines, who worked on coal mines for many years.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is involved in coal, steel and upstream and downstream Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of Carbon C order, China ' s Environmental Science Society. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Environmental Technology and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal and electricity sectors, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the public sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry, Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for work in stone.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, and Research in the Coal Industry, Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.