Shinjiyama Legal Counsel, Shaanxi Coal Industry (601225.sh) Powered Coal
“Coal Power Integration” has deepened its steady performance, and high frequency sub-dimensions have shown confidence.
\triangleright Proclamation, which proposes cash acquisition through a non-public agreement of the thorium coal conglomerate group in possession of the thorium coal power group profit distribution programme, proposes that the company ' s accounting statements be consolidated for the period January-September 2024 (not provided).
The resulting net profit attributable to the parent company’s shareholders is RMB 15,943 million, which meets the conditions of the medium-term dividends, the acquisition of profitable coal power assets, and the deepening of the main “coal power integration” of the capital.
The acquisition of electricity assets is the result of the company's “coal power integration” business model.
Important initiatives, also in line with companies’ real business needs and strategic development directions, can further reduce linkages, increase operating income, extend the chain of major coal industries, and promote high-quality corporate development. Multi-frequency sub-credits demonstrate shareholder confidence.
The division's shareholders found a gold dividend of $103 per 10 shares, with a total cash share of $1 billion, representing 6.27 per cent of the net profit attributable to the parent company's share of the current consolidated (unaudited) statement. This is the company's second mid-term bonus since 2024, compared to the previous one.
The value of the sub-medium profit distribution is combined and totals a cash share of 2,056 million yuan, representing 12.90% of the net profit attributable (unaudited) to the shareholders of the parent company, which was realized in the current consolidated report. The company is committed to space, and the multi-frequency splits highlight shareholder confidence in return.
Liu Guijun's assets have increased the level of “coal power integration” with steady performance, and continue to be rated as “container-a” investments.  Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; coal prices are more likely to fall; and production risks are expected;
Reasonable grounds. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.