\triangleright by private agreement \triangleright
\triangleright Assessment Report issued by \triangleright, which reports that the main business of the  Coal Power Group is the generation of power from fire and that it has 10 subsidiaries, of which the total installed capacity of the coal-fired machine is 8,300mw and the total installed capacity of the coal-fired machine is in the process of being constructed
Billion dollars, taking into account 88,6525% of the stock, based on our projection of the net return profits in 2024 in the Xiangxi Coal industry, and the expected 6.77% increase in the profits of the listed company. Given that the total capacity of the company's coal-fired unit is higher than the current capacity of the unit, assuming that the current level of profitability can be sustained and that it will be fully shipped in the future.
The value of the purchase is relatively low. According to the evaluation report issued by the company, the purchase bid \triangleright
pb, less than a share of the average pb (1.64 times) of 29 fire and electricity companies on the market.
The research assistant, Lujaki, has a very high interest rate, which is significant. In the third quarter of 2024, it is proposed that an equity allocation plan be prepared for each of these companies.
Combined with the previous medium-term profit distribution, the total cash share was 2,056 million yuan, representing the three-quarterly reporting points in 2024 belonging to the coal industry (601225.sh).
The company has a high rate of dividends, while increasing the frequency of dividends, which are highly investment-valued in the coal industry (601225.sh) event evaluation: intention to receive investment proposals: corporate resource endowments leading the industry, clear cost advantages, cash cow properties, long-term
Group electricity assets did not perform as well as expected. Quarterly rating in 024: net profit deductions met expectations, rated cash cow performance was robust and had long-term investment value
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.