The performance of companies in retailing is still prominent, with high-quality clients defaulting on deposits.
Block rating: stronger than the big market, with a clear competitive advantage over their counterparts. The company’s future shift towards lightening, with increased investment in financial science and technology, further laying the groundwork for lightening the transition. We maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The net profit has increased by 13% over 17 years, performance has continued to be excellent, fee growth has improved significantly, and settlement and settlement income have gone up against bank card income.
At a double-digit net profit growth rate, it is expected to be the only bank with a return on net assets in the equity bank, with an increase of 0.27 percentage points to 16.5 per cent over the 16-year period.
Under this, Roe is expected to continue to improve the path and keep the growth of the industry’s leading loans robust. Controlling the growth rate should respond to the new environment and a slight improvement in the net interest spread ring. The 4-quarter size ring is 2% higher than the 3-quarter, which is lower than the 7% increase for the same period in 16 years.
Motivating indicators improve. The four-quarter ring increase in deposits, the 0.5-70-per-cent increase in the ratio of deposits to interest-bearing liabilities, the optimization of the liability structure, which promotes an improvement in net interest differentials, and the four-quarter single-season net-rate increase of 4 bp to 2.44 per cent over the three-quarter period, which continues to be in the forefront of the industry.
Undesirable double-dip. Undesirable double-diping at the end of the 17-year period. We measure the company ' s annual negative rate of production of 0.49% in the 4th quarter, improving 212/9bp by the same ring, and performing better asset quality than our peers. Companies continue to slow down their supply pressure, providing coverage and lending ratios.
Super-optimal regulation, sub-optimal asset quality, Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
I'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
A 13% increase in the 17-year net profit was recorded, and performance continued to be excellent. The year-on-year increase was 5.3%, and continued to improve over the previous three quarters (+3.5%, yoy), with both net interest income and fee income increasing at a rate of 1.5% to 7.6%/5.2% higher than at the end of the three-quarters, respectively, with charges rising at a significantly warmer rate, benefiting from electronic payments and billing revenue.
The only bank in the industry that has achieved a recovery in net asset returns. Looking forward, in 18 years, it is expected that roe will continue to improve its path and keep its profitability at the forefront of the industry, against a background of steady corporate revenue collection and asset quality.
With 22.5% growth in equity-type assets over the same period, the restructuring has helped improve the liquidity index. The 4-quarter round increase in deposits, the 4-quarter single-season net difference ring has been raised by 4 bp to 2.44% over the 3-quarter period, and the industry continues to be in the forefront.
By the end of 17 years, the negative balance and the negative rate were 57.4 billion and 161 per cent, respectively, and the ring was 2.8 billion and 5bp less than in the third quarter. We measured the negative annual rate of production of the company for the fourth quarter, which was 0.49 per cent, with an improvement of 212/9bp for the same quarter, while the focus group, with loans falling by 49bp to 1.6 per cent from the same year, performed better on asset quality than on the same quarter.
Science, technology, finance, and innovation remain the industry’s top billion, are invested in a dedicated fund for financial science, technology, and innovation, and will continue to invest more in the future. We believe that a forward-looking strategic vision and layout will ensure that future competitiveness in financial innovation will remain at the forefront of the industry.
Companies’ performance in retailing remains prominent, with high-quality customer-led deposits tightening, and a clear competitive advantage over their counterparts. Companies are moving in the direction of lightening the future, with increased investment in financial science and technology laying the groundwork for a light transformation.