Merchant Banks (600036): Retailing advantages are strong, and Roe has been the first to recover: Merchant Banks achieved business income of $22,897 million in 2017, a year-on-year growth point. Moreover, recruitment has been more stringent, and the stress of subsequent underperformance has been decreasing.
Along with the steady quality of assets, counter-breeding profits have been set up to boost net profits. Roae is back on the ground, weightless, and in practice “light banks” have been transformed. 2017, bottom on the rise. Roae has always been outstanding.
Roae leads a steady recovery in the gross equity/flow (millions of shares) line.
Retail operations have a strong advantage, with retail customers breaking out by hundreds of millions. Retailing operations have a strong advantage, with sales revenue of 51.29% and sales revenue rising by 1.82 percentage points from the previous year.
Retail clients account for 72.64% of current deposits, and the customer's stickyness is one of the advantages of stabilizing the cost of the liability. The fintech fund has been expanded to lay the groundwork for the next phase.
The retail strategy, which has been firmly advanced over a long period of time, has established a leading position in the current shareholding industry, while the current recruitment of input from the point of view will provide an advantage in the future pattern of competition. In 2017, the Financial Science, Technology and Innovation Fund was 1% (790 million yuan) of the pre-tax profits of the previous year.
According to data from third-party institutions, the number of active persons in bank-type applications is among the highest.
Investment recommendations: maintain a “buy-in” rating for the prospect of a follow-on move. Report point: negative double drop; net profit back two; Merchant Bank (600036): retail advantage is strong and roe is the first to recover.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report