The overall Māori rate has steadily increased and the equity structure has been optimized: on 19 August, the semi-annual report was published. During the first half of 2017, the company achieved revenue of $37.524 billion, a decrease of 3.51 per cent in the same year; it was attributed to the publicly listed Public Purple Mine (601899.sh).
The net profit of the division’s shareholders was 1,505 million yuan, an increase of 179.63 per cent over the same period; and a basic gain of $0.069 per share was realized. Mineral prices continued to warm, leading to an increase in the Maori rate.
Mineral zinc concentrates contain 14,1906 tons of zinc, an increase of 15.42% over the same period. The overall warming of the industry has led to an increase in the prices of major minerals, resulting in a steady increase in the performance contribution of the company's combined Māori rate, as construction and operations have increased.a Stock build-up has been completed and equity structure has been further optimized. During the reporting period, the company successfully completed a stock build-up.
Six State sovereign (industrial) funds, including the Central African Fund, and three hundred and thirty-three billion dollars from large enterprises financed a total of $4.635 billion. This provided strong financial support for the new round of corporate development, while reducing the asset-liability ratio and further optimizing the equity structure. The current round of firm members and executives participating in the subscriptions through the Stakeholder Scheme amounted to $61.51 million, reflecting confidence in the company’s future development.
The World Gold Association data show that the global supply of yellow \triangleright gold waste has declined significantly in the first half of the year, which means that future gold markets will have supply constraints; and that it will add to the depreciation of the United States dollar, geopolitical factors and other factors.
In the first half of 2017, as a result of the supply of copper from overseas mines, copper was converted from surplus to shortage, with a global market shortfall of 147,000 tons based on projections from icsg. In addition, seven categories of spent copper imports will be implemented by the end of 2018, with long-term effects on the lower supply of copper and good copper fundamentals. According to projections from Ilzsg, global refined zinc was 226,000 tons short in 2017 and sustained for two consecutive years; refined lead supply and demand base.
Here's the balance. So we keep looking at the price trends for gold, copper and lead zinc in 2017.
Risk factors: Global return of mine production: below expectations: significant fluctuations in metal prices: offshore construction is below expectations. \triangleright Sindha Securities Inc. \triangleright
I'm sorry, cinda securitiesco. ltd the front page of the company's financial data.
Don Ezekiel, Research Assistant for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry. M.A. in Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.