Medium-to-Middle Rock (30038.sz) Medium-to-long-term growth trends in short-term performance unchanged, looking at the high-end luminous module demand spread.
On March 24th, 2021, Mid-Sud issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021 that the net profits of the company's shareholders in the Public Department were expected to be $11,800-145 million, compared with $15,361.19 million for the same period in the previous year, and that this report ended earlier than the previous year with Mr. Wang Jun and Ms. Wang Xiao Li, Vice-President's Financial Director General, on December 26, 2020.
The associated cost expenditure affected net profits, and the domestic market ' s accelerated adjustment orders were delayed. \triangleright reported a decline in net return profits on a year-on-year basis, and we expect the increase mainly in revenue to be lower than expected, while adding higher costs.
Cost increases resulting in non-recurring gains and losses on one side of the cost side delaying o1 performance on the one hand: 1) the company recognized the first and second stages of equity incentives, resulting in a total reduction in the company ' s combined net profit of about $27 million; 2) the company made a depreciation amortization of $10.9 million on Sioux ' s fixed and intangible assets in Sioux State. On the other hand, the company increased its use of the high speed light module.
The investment in R & D costs in the direction of cpo containment technology, silicon light, and associated light modules may also be one of the factors. On the demand side, there is a volatility in domestic market demand, which accounts for about 30%, with some of the customers in the market deciding on purchases throughout the year at the beginning of the year.
As a result of the delay in demand, there has been a seasonal decline in the volume of goods produced by companies; the 400g demand in overseas markets remains strong, leading to a slight increase in corporate overall revenue. Market demand is expected to rebound in the second quarter, with companies recovering from high-end product profiles and long-term stable supply services, and sales revenues will return to high growth rates.
The light module industry has not changed its profile, observing data centre high-speed light module release certainty, the telecommunications market has progressed steadily, with more than 800,000 5g base stations projected to be built in the country in 2021, grid-resilient f5g strategic development, and industry demand has grown steadily. The digital market has benefited from the growth of global flows, with domestic and foreign cloud producers increasing.
Research assistant: Fu Nexei, big capital spending on data centre network deployment. Lightcounting predicts that the global 400-g number of live light modules will be less than 700,000 in 2020, and close to 2 million in 2021. The company has a pre-eminent advantage in the 400-g module area.
Prospectively, it is expected that the growth of the company will continue to be sustained in the future. \Trangleright \Trangleright \Trangleright
The workers will increase the company’s shareholdings on their own or self-financed basis, thereby demonstrating confidence in the value of the company’s long-term investments.
Consistency of interests will better contribute to sustained, stable, and healthy corporate development. The future will be accompanied by the gradual completion of the company’s product spectrum, precision and improved internal management, which will lead to a further increase in the overall competitive advantage of the company, with a sustained increase in the volume of output from high-speed tons of light and telecommunications light modules, and optimism about the company’s performance throughout the year.
The leading firms in the field, with medium- and long-term growth trends in their short-term performance unchanged, believe that future firms are expected to develop on a larger scale, maintaining a “recommended” rating, against the backdrop of accelerated construction and upscaling of the market landscape at 5g. 5g and data centre construction are not as expected; overseas epidemics are too predictable; and industry competition is increasing.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from Shanghai High School of Finance from Shanghai Transport University, Fu Yin Fei, Chief of Communication, Master of Arts from Shanghai Transport University, 12 years of Deep Farming and Communications from China to China.
The research and development engineer, the sales manager of wireless solutions, the senior outreach manager of cloud computing solutions, the author of the 2020 Convergence Democratic Securities, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting practice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced by any third party.