ul curities Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The two-wheel-drive performance growth of DPT plus telecommunications, with a strong leader, increased by 48.25 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net profit return of RMB 849 million, increased by 65.40 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net profit of RMB 750 million on a year-on-year basis, increased by 74.72 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with overall performance in line with expectations.
The company q4 achieved revenues of $1,848 million in the first quarter, an increase of 25.4 per cent in the same year; net profits of $245 million, an increase in the same amount, higher capital costs for both domestic and foreign cloud producers, and a steady increase in the volume of light-module shipments.
Quick Quarter Q3 Review, Networking has accelerated the growth of company telecommunications products, and storage technology. High-speed rates such as 400g =3u3u1u3u
By increasing the volume and weight of its products, we judge that the company’s product structure is optimized, good rates are raised, fast delivery is achieved, reducing costs and costs, raising overall profitability, and operating robustly. Companies focus on new product development, and fast-volume production and high-quality delivery win the world’s leading market share.
3. Progress in the development of the high-speed light module, High-Riskless-National-Golden Communications, announced in the European fibre-optic communications exhibition at the end of 2020 that the first 800g of the OSfp and qsfp-dd800 series could be plugged into the industry, and is expected to enter the first half of the year.
q4 or q1 by 2021. 200g/400gcfp2dco was awarded the award for “The most competitive product in light communication in 2020.” The company’s production size and supply capacity was strong, it won client recognition, market share increased significantly from 16 to 18 years, and third-party institutions increased significantly.
In addition, the company's ability to access the telecommunications market through the acquisition of storage technology and the completion of strategic maps has helped to capture the 5g network opportunities. The global data centre needs are strong, suggesting that attention be paid to the speed of orders from large offshore customers.
The long- and high-speed module product overlaps, the North American market shares are strong, and companies are seen as champions of the light module in the layout of the market. Intra- and offshore cloud producers’ capital spending is on the rise, and q2 and q3 companies are expected to make a sustained increase in the volume of q2 and q3 photos this year.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment