High-speed light module products continue to be released and company performance has increased significantly - Mid-Zone (300308), performance forecast. On 29 January 2021, Middle-Swiss announced its performance forecast for 2020 and net corporate performance for 2020.
Middle-Sandang investment holdings have net profits of about $685 million to $810 million, an increase of 59.49 per cent over the same period.
The output of luminous module products has continued to grow, 400g products have gradually grown into one of the company’s main sources, and 100g products have continued to grow. We believe that the number of domestic and foreign products, according to central producers, is expected to continue to increase investment in cloud-based capital spending and to accelerate data in 2021.
In terms of telecommunications, the 5g construction will continue at a moderate forward build pace, with 2021h1 telecommunications end.
The overall demand for the light module is expected to reboot. With the company's increasing investment in telecommunication module products, the company is expected to return some high-end luminous module products in 2021.
In December 2020, the company announced that it would issue a transferable fund to raise more than 3 billion US dollars.
This transfer could be used for the following purposes: Sioux Light Module Operations Headquarters and the Research and Development Centre (RDC) for hundreds of millions of dollars; the Copper Mahal High-end Light Module Production Base Project (513 million yuan); and supplementary liquidity and repayment of bank loans (898 million yuan).
Large companies have enhanced their R & D capabilities, expanded their technological excellence, met their growing production, R & D, office and long-term development needs, and moved forward to consolidate their global leadership in the high-end module market.
_aa_Michaa_Middle Xin (300308), three-quarterly report on the evaluation of profit projections and investment proposals: We believe that as the network of data centres and departments at home and abroad accelerates, the company's business acquisition as a leading global luminous module is expected to continue.
Continuing the rapid growth trend, the company is expected to collect 6,279 million aaa_Middle Xiao (300308) in 2020-2022.
Risk factors: A worsening pattern of competition in the industry leads to lower prices for products, low market demand for tons of products — summer Qing Qing Qing — expected, new technologies changing market patterns and inadequate chips supply.