The performance is up to expectations, with 400 g of high-speed growth, and the performance is largely up to expectations, with a strong growth momentum of 57.2% compared to the growth rate of 57.2% and a ring growth of 2.76%, a record high in the quarter.
This increase is due to the increase in the business climate and the acquisition of the stockhouse technology consolidation report due to the continued construction of national and foreign data centres and the 5g network in the country. The full capital subsidiary Xinjiang, Suzhou, achieved a net profit of about 908 million single-volume statements.
4068.05 Prior to the start of the Sioux Project, net profit on single-body statements was about 949 million, an increase of 43.79 per cent over the previous year.
This year, it is expected to reach 2 million, with the impact of an effective hedge price downturn, and the size of the market as a whole. The company ' s 400-g product continues its 100-year-old advantage, with its market share leading by far. The 400-g product is now one of the company ' s main suppliers, with 100-g product products.
In addition, the company continues to accelerate the development and market of new products and technologies.
• Telecommunications market: 5g construction-led industry climates continue to stabilize and medium- and high-end markets continue to function.
The 5g network is still at its peak, and demand for light modules is stable. The company’s telecommunications are high.
A high-performance growth, 400-g-long growth, dco-based products determine the industry’s leading position, continuing high-end markets. At the same time, there is a sustained synergy with sub-firm storage technology to enhance the competitiveness of the telecommunications market.
The company is a leading company in the global light module, with 5g building and digital market climates constantly rising in the background, and its performance is expected to continue at a high rate. Based on performance fast report data, we lower our income by 2020.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.