Telecommunications are growing at full capacity and perform well as expected. Intermediary (300308.sz) event company issues a performance forecast for 2020.
Dragon Skylight benefits from the growth of global flows, increased investment in capital spending from domestic and foreign clients, the development of 5g networks in the country, and a steady increase in the volume of corporate light module products.
On the digital side, domestic and international data centre clients have increased capital spending and accelerated data centre network development and deployment, and companies have been using technology to thank you: Song Binqin.
The advantage of rapid delivery is that the output of high-speed luminous module products continues to grow. The 400g product is now one of the company’s main products, and the 100g product volume continues to grow. With regard to telecommunications, the 5g network in the country is at a high level.
During the reporting period, the company issued a transferable fund-raising and equity incentive scheme to enhance technology research and development.
In terms of research and development, the company strengthens the co-enclosed (cp0) telecommunications technology, silicon light, etc.
Chips and their light modules, related light communication technologies, laser chip technology, next generation 800g-to-light module technology and automated development are expected to take the lead in the next generation of light module products. In terms of expanding production capacity, companies invest in light models in Suzhou and copper.
The production base project could increase the production capacity of key products such as 400g and 800g, to capture the demand for light modules from the surge in data flows. During the same period, the company developed a second restricted equity incentive scheme, including middle management and core technology.
A total of 149 people (including holding companies), determined to achieve future performance goals, acquired the 5g front-loaded market, invested in higher valuations of upstream suppliers and increased returns.
By 2020, there were over 600,000 new 5g base stations, all of which had been opened over 7.18 million, and the Ministry of Information and Communications chart showed plans to build at least 600,000 new 5g base stations in 2021. We expect to go with 5g.
Wireless base stations will continue to be built, and the network will continue to be built simultaneously, and companies are expected to benefit from the 5g pre-, inter- and back-to-back links.
Roughly $179 million. Shinxiji, who invested in the Ningbo Gawaze Clouds, mainly supplied high-end devices ranging from 2.5 g to 10 g lasers, which in October 2020 led to an increase in the valuation of the Huboko technology investment and further strengthened its position.
Risks; risks of underdevelopment of the data centre market; risks of exchange rate movements. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.