The high-speed light module continued to grow, with high annual performance.
The company announced a performance forecast for 2020, with a projected net profit of $78 - 905 million, a year-on-year increase. The company is a leading company in the global high-speed light module, benefiting large-scale construction of data centres and telecommunications 5g network, driving rapid growth in demand for light modules, and the company entering the performance release period with a “buy-in” rating.
The output of high-speed light modules has continued to grow and the performance is in line with expectations: in median terms, the company is expected to realize net profits of $842 million for the entire year, an increase of 64 per cent over the same year, with net profits of $242 for the single quarter of 4q, an increase of 56 per cent over the same period and an increase of the same rate as for the third quarter; net profits of $748 million after deduction, an increase of 74 per cent over the same period,
The company ' s year-on-year performance has increased significantly, mainly by: 1) benefiting from the growth in domestic and foreign data centre client funding and the advancement of data centre construction, the high-speed 400g product has become one of the main products, and the 100g product output continues to grow; 2) 5g network building in the country has led to forward transmission,
The growth in income from 5g products, such as Central and Rebroadcasting; 3) The company acquired 67.19% of the shares in T.K.C., which will have a positive impact on performance since May 19, 2020.
The global data centre ' s 400g light module will reach 1.935 million in 2021, a significant increase from the 2020 product mix of 6.13 million, which is expected to be a new driver of growth in the global market for luminous modules.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, at least 600,000 new 5g base stations are expected to be built in 2021, the country’s 5g network is still moving fast, and demand for light modules is stable. The 100g/400g product industry is leading, with the acquisition of storage technology and the expansion of telecommunications.
Institutional investors as a share of the circulation a. A two-wheel drive, “Telecom +” for the future growth prospects of the company. Debtables issued to increase the capacity of high-end light modules to show confidence: November 2020 corporate announcement to be issued
(a) Transferable funds of up to $3 billion for: 1 Sioux Omnibus Module Operations Headquarters and R & D Centre construction project ($945 million); 2 Sioux High-end Light Module Production Base project ($644 million); and 3 copper mausoleum high-end module production base project ($513 million);
Replenishment of liquidity and repayment of bank loans ($898 million). The project is expected to result in a significant increase in corporate research and development, technological and product upgrading, and expansion of high-end light module capacity.
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by ... individual clients. The report could not be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to compile the report was reliable, but the report was not independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (@special opinion or standing, or buying, selling or offering a certificate described in the report).