In 2005, it was founded in Longguchi, Shandong Province.
59.49 per cent – 88.59 per cent. Strong corporate growth is largely due to the growth in traffic, with data centre client capex Sioux, dedicated to the development, manufacture and sale of high-end optical communication modules.
High-speed products such as upline +400g are released. High-end optical communication modules and smart equipment will produce the fastest-growing two-digit field light modules in the future, and it will be important to capture large customers.
Big plate. Listed on Shenzhen ' s business board in 2012. Business pack light module market size will be about $17.7 billion, with a 15% compound annual growth rate.
It became the main market driver for the light module, with an annual compound growth rate of 20%, mainly from the cloud company's mass department 25g/100g/400g light module (75.69%) and 400g. The main clients of the cell are cloud producers such as Amazonian, Google, 2019.
The top five cloud producers account for more than 60% of the sales and will continue to account for a major share in the future. One-on-one three-four-year upgrade of the light module rate, product rotations faster than telecommunications, high demand during the outbreak period, and cloud producers face high cost pressures that require a rapid increase in the rate and lower cost of the light module.
Expanding production capacity. As the digital field becomes the dominant market power for the light module, producers with the capacity to meet a large number of rapid delivery requirements for cloud customers are expected to reap a larger share of the cloud’s growth dividend, and the whole market for the light module will gradually become centralized.
Over the past five years, China’s light-module manufacturers have been leading competitions with overseas manufacturers, such as New Airway, based on cost advantages. With 100-g speed replacement opportunities, companies have quickly leapfroged to the top of the world’s leading light-module manufacturers.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, North American cloud clients are expected to accelerate 400g deployments, while 200g demand will begin to release gradually. The company is the first to launch 400g products in 17 years, now leading 400g technology, and delivering quality is recognized by large clients.
Control and mass delivery capacity to capture the high-speed light window period, continuously seize key future opportunities for the upgrading of the module products, and lead the high-end module market.
Mid-Sud (300308), keep up with the opportunity to upgrade, keep growing, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported Mid-Standard (300308): Caught up on the opportunity to upgrade the speed rate, leading the way to sustained growth Master of Theory Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Information Engineering, joined East Hing Securities in 2018 for communications research.
Mr. Lee Mei-hyun, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University, joined the East Hing Bond in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.