High-performance growth, 400g sustained robust growth base, performance largely in line with expectations, strong growth momentum, continued construction of data centres and 5g networks in the country, leading to an increase in the landscape of the light module industry and acquisitions
In addition to the impact of equity incentive costs on the net profits of Sioux Oscillation, Sioux achieved a single profit of about 878-1010 million, compared to the increase in the same market: 400g continued upwards, with a strong leader.
Capital spending by overseas cloud producers has continued to grow, driving demand for 400g products, reaching 600,000 annually. Looking forward to 2 million this year, prices have fallen below market expectations, and the size of the market as a whole has increased significantly.
In addition, companies continue to accelerate the development and market of new products and technologies.
• Telecommunication market: 5g building-led industry climate is stable and medium- and high-end markets are active
The 5g network is still at its peak and the demand for light modules is stable. The company’s telecommunications are high.
Report: A full-blown performance, and future growth sustainability, 2020.08.28 dco, a series of related products that identify industry leaders and sustain high-end markets. At the same time, there is a sustained synergy with sub-firm storage technology to enhance the competitiveness of the telecommunications market.
The company is a leading global light module company, and the 5g construction and digital market climate continues to rise against the background of 400g product competition and 100g price decline.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.