Midsummer (300308.sz) High performance growth, global light module market niche strong midsummit annual performance forecast for 2020
The lumino-module market climate continued to improve, with high annual performance growth of 5g, accelerated construction and high market development of data centres, allowing for rapid growth in the volume of corporate light module shipments.
\triangleright in the first three quarters of 2020, the combined capital expenditure of the three cloud giants abroad was $63.399 billion, an increase of 27.54 per cent, China's combined capital expenditure of $64.69 billion, an increase of 42.65 per cent, and the gradual recovery of capital expenditure from foreign and domestic cloud producers.
According to the Lightcounting data, the sales of the q2 light modules in 2020 were close to $1 billion during the season, of which the sales of the 2x200gbe and 400gbe modules exceeded $100 million, double the sales of the 2019 q4 and increase by 35% over the 2020 q1 ring.
Domains, now the core supplier of many overseas cloud computing giants, is the 400g light module, the major increase in its contribution to corporate performance in 2020, and 800g products have been sampled and are expected to generate new profitable growth points. According to the Lightcounting report, Mid-2020 is the world’s number-one light module plant.
Business. In the future, the company’s overall competitive advantage has been further enhanced, and the market share will be further enhanced, along with the progressive development of the company’s optical module product spectrum, the continued release of 400g light modules, precision drops, and expansion of production capacity. telecommunication markets: acquisition of storage technology and active expansion of the share of the telecommunications market
By December 2020, 718,000 5g base stations had been built and more than 600,000 5g base stations are expected to be built in 2021, with light modules as the basic building unit of the 5g network, widely applied to wireless and transmission equipment (5g forward, Chinese Research Assistant: Fu Yin Fei)
In the first half of 2020, interstellar income-generating technology acquired in Han, with the power of large-scale production capacity in Han and low-cost manufacturing of optical components, actively expanding the telecommunications market and achieving bulk delivery of 5g products, while at the same time complementarities with the booming industrial chain.
The same effect, the enhancement of osa’s own production, the further expansion of light module capacity, and the expansion of the market share of the telecommunications market in combination with the advantage of the existing customers of the storage technology. The company is the leading company in the global light module market and is a core supplier of overseas cloud computing giants, 100g/400g.
The product takes the lead in bulk delivery, and the global market share is expected to be first in 2020: in the telecommunications market, where companies buy the stock of the stock, and expand their share of the telecommunications market. We believe that in the future companies are expected to accelerate construction and expand the market climate at 5g. The reference light module industry, with a 51-fold average in 2020, is covered for the first time, giving the company a “recommended” rating.
5g and the data centre were not built as expected; the overseas epidemic was over-expected; and competition in the industry intensified.
Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai High School of Finance, Shanghai University of Transport and Communications. Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communication, Shanghai University of Communications, Master of Engineering, Shanghai University of Transport, 12 years of Deep Farmer Communication, formerly employed as Technology Ltd., Wireless Communications Researcher, Development Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Senior Extension Manager of Cloud Computation Solutions, 2020
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.