China: Communication equipment, considering 100 g demand less than expected, 400 g competition to estimate year-round performance.
The announcement calls for an early end to the pressure of high-end tube simulations to reduce the value of the calculations by reducing the profile of the company 2021 eps: Middle and Middle Creativity is mainly involved in the development and marketing of high-speed photocommunication modules such as 10g/25g/100g/400g.
Midlife Creature (300308sz) stock price versus deep equity index performance, orders delayed q1 q1 performance, 200g/400g demand warmed back.
q1 clean profits equal to 23.21 per cent ~ 5.64 per cent. Client orders are delayed: Inter-Smart q1 report reports a modest increase in sales earnings over the same period, while the return to the mother ' s clean profits is higher as a result of the increase in purchases from the downstream of the epidemic, while some overseas clients are over-years old.
Ramba254.2 million. The program for implementing the first year-round purchase plan led to a delay in the order. q1 used to be the light season of light module purchases.
The spending on investment and equity incentives is related to spending. The demand for 100 g of the Mid-Standan Investment Holdings is slowing, and the 200g/400g ring ratio is expected to rise: due to last year’s epidemic.
The surge in traffic in the first half of the year and the pull-out of downstream cloud producers led to the next half of the year entering the digestive reservoir stock ratio (2021f). The demand for 100-g products by inland and offshore cloud producers is currently low.
Expected; 400g compared to the previous season, projected to release faster than three quarters in 2021, short profit statement (rmb million) is expected to accelerate, and 400 g is still stable. fb for capital 2021
The guide is US$ 210-23 billion, which is the main source of demand for 200g. It is projected that high-end production will release 2021 jobs, and the valuation will drop to an all-time low: telecommunications will be built again. The 400-g share increase is expected to bring an overall Māori ratio.
It's only 21 times lower than the historical average. The company's announcement says that executives are cutting their plans early, taking stock in the next six months, or showing confidence in the future.
But given the fact that 100 g demand is less than expected, 400 g competitions and the pressure on year-round performance and valuation by the Alvincfafrm play, the 2021 ps estimate is 1.59.
A statement by the analyst and an important disclosure can be found in the attachmenta. bloombergcode: yuta dollar and its research report may contain company names that are or will be available to investors.
In making investment decisions, investors should consider this report only one of these considerations. Data source: company data, large dollar vouchers (Hong Kong)
Data source: company data, large certificate (Hong Kong) Data source: company data, large certificate (Hong Kong) attachment: significant disclosures
Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study and who is responsible for writing the certificate or certificate issuer in this report, has stated that: (a) all the points in the paper accurately reflect his personal views on each certificate or certificate issuer; and (b) the specific investment proposals or observations made in this study by the analyst of the Department of Research are not directly or indirectly related to any part of his past, present and future remuneration; and (c) the three-year history of the investment proposals and target prices (300308sz) - investment proposals and targets.
Source: Bloomberg, Grand Duchess (Hong Kong) in a, b, or c. Buying: We have a positive view of the stock based on the Centre’s vision of the future of the stock, the financial statements, and the absolute or relative rate of remuneration during the investment period of the file.
The idea is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, altruistic issues, evaluation information, and risk profiles.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, issues, valuations, and risks. Selling: We have a negative view of the stock based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or relative rates of remuneration during the investment period.
Assessment: The Centre’s estimates, ratings, and target prices are still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock. Limitations, etc.: no evaluation is given for the purpose of following the rules and/or rules of the relevant decree and/or the dollar’s policy, and the target price is still being paid. ****2021. The contents of this report are taken from the information that the company has recognized, but do not guarantee its integrity or correctness.
This report provides only general information, information contained in it, or any opinion, and does not create any solicitation or solicitation of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is for the general purpose of communication to clients, and is not intended to provide investment advice, nor does it take into account the financial circumstances and objectives of any person who might receive the report.
This report does not contain any statement or guarantee of accuracy, integrity, or correctness, either explicitly or implicitly. This report does not (and should not be interpreted as such) in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in compliance with the law and that is the manager of the certificate or the firm, for the purpose of managing or trading the certificate in that jurisdiction.
25 March 2021, China: Communications facility, Middle East Xinz (300308sz)
In the United States, only major investors are reported to be registered under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and its amendments (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and by the United States Securities Exchange Commission). American investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates in this report are required to register under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and its amendments.
If you wish to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report, you should contact the Grand Certificate (Hong Kong) Limited by using the following means:
18 Hae Fu Road, Hong Kong. 23rd floor, Hee Fu Center. China: Communications.
Midlife Cream (300308sz)