q4 q4 performance ring continues to accelerate with two-way push of Digital + Telecommunications 28/01 2021 Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua
Events: On 28 January, Mid-Stock launched a performance forecast for 2020, and mid-Stock-Step-Step 2020 continued to grow and q4 performed at a higher rate: first, the 5g network in the country was built in a state-of-the-scene cycle, and mid-Stock continued to increase its input into the products of the telecommunications light module, forward transmission,
Income from 5g products, such as middle and return, has grown steadily; in the next 20 years, clients have increased capital spending and data centre network construction and deployment, so high-speed light models have been kept on, and mid-20-year interlocking is a prerequisite for keeping 100 g in supply steady.
Under this heading, 400g has become one of the company’s main products, and revenue and profit contributions are beginning to show up. A leading company with a full luminous module has benefited deeply from the global idc deployment, and its performance, after 19 years of stocking, has slowed down in 20 years q3 and q4 domestic base stations.
Led by a digital market, performance continued to improve, with o4 single-quarter net return profits of $243 million and net non-return profits of $237 million, respectively, and non-mortality net profits increased by 79.23 pct in the previous quarter (45.98 per cent) compared to the relative rate of increase.
▪ The two-way drive of “digital connectivity plus telecommunications” continues to drive performance steadily up: as the leading global number of light module taps, the acquisition of continuously coded high-end module R & D, and the acquisition of medium- and low-end production shorts to complement medium- and low-end production boards and improve competitiveness of products such as pre- and medium-range 5g, we believe,
In the digital market, 100 g/400g of intermedial bulge will remain the main source of goods within the industry, fully enjoying the idc demand dividend, followed by the telecommunications market, with the co-building and sharing of `telecommunication+connection' and `mobile+broad power', covering the “effective low-cost” domestic 5g network, driving the domestic economy.
Pre- and mid-remote needs are being released steadily, and, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications, it is expected to be built in at least 21 years, with a high-end, coded, high-end module development, with a nuclear focus of 600,000,5 g base station, so that, with mid-to-end stumpage, it will be able to match up to medium- and low-end capacity, in a telecom light model.
Incentives from technologists, 14% of cagr's competitiveness will be further enhanced, and performance contributions will be gradually increased. Performance targets will highlight industry confidence.
3. Midmiddle Cricket (300308); expected growth in the first three quarters, telecommunications & digital two-way dynamic, industry leader
Continues by 2020-10-19 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board