Three business cards, triple arches, investment rating: buy (first) three business cards: Green Bank + Wealth Bank + Investment Bank
Under the strategy of comptoir + bank, the Episode Bank seeks to build green banks, wealth banks, investment banks, and three business cards, each anchoring green finance, wealth management and industrial upgrading in three imaginative directions, seeking a breakout against the backdrop of a slowdown in domestic credit growth.
• Public operations: green finance and investment go hand in hand with billions, yoy+42.11% and micro-credit (29.87 billion, yoy+56.2%) are high
Investment banking is based on the `Investment Ecoosphere' to build a multi-layered system of green financial services that enhances the application of multiple financing instruments and strengthens the professional advantages of investment transactions. In the domestic economic cycle of transforming residential savings into investment, the booming banks are guided by their stereotypic orientation.
Boosting fpa balances (7.01 trillion, yoy+15.49%) is highly innovative.
(ii) credit cards and operating loans will be a dynamic focus, despite constraints on individual home loans; (3) private banks will achieve rapid development (aum.74.45 billion, yoy+17.2 per cent) with the advantage of “investment and management”; and (4) group retailing.
Aum (2.85 trillion yuan) stable growth (oy+8.9 per cent), wealth management conglomerate construction: improved asset quality, increased risk offset capacity, improved asset quality and improved provision coverage.
There are plenty of mortgages, concentration of public finance operations on the front line and provincial capital cities, and a sufficient allocation of real estate to the public finance industry, with a greater ability to compensate for risk losses.
Micro, private promotion of consumer loans and credit cards. The expected return profits for the period 2022-2024 are higher than expected for the macroeconomic impact of the epidemic, respectively. 1 Strategic axis: Green Bank + Wealth Bank + Investment Bank
The Bank is one of the first joint-stock commercial banks established in the country, with its headquarters in Fujian, Fujian province. Since it was listed, its development strategy has continued to evolve, with an eventual focus on wealth management and business investment; In 2008-2013, the company pursued an integrated business development strategy, expanding its financial map.
Regional expansion: establishment of 13 new level-I branches, nationalization of institutions and extension of coverage of strategic focus areas (central-western and north-eastern), as of 2014, companies have established subsidiaries such as trust, leasing, funds, consumer finance, futures, etc.
In 2015, the new Governor, Tao Yiping, took office and, in 2016, formulated a five-year development plan for the group, which proposed the construction of a settlement, investment-based, transaction-based banking, driving agency finance, retail finance, investment banks, investment banks, investment banks, investment banks, investment banks, investment banks, etc.
In 2018, the strategic system of “1234” was defined, with a shift towards light banking and a “bank-plus” development strategy. Since 2020, three gold cards have been proposed for green banks, wealth banks, and investment banks.
Figure 1 Evolution of banking strategies Integrated business development strategies Construction settlements, investment models,
Tribute and three business cards (2014-2015)
In 2014, “light capital, light assets, excellent structures, efficiency” Group development plan for 2020 was proposed
In the framework of the Integrated Business Planning Programme, the industry and financial markets have achieved a “three-foot drive” to promote an integrated business development strategy.
The way to development, the building of a national "Big Up" is clear about the effort to build the foundation."
"Integrative banks, light banks, "most comprehensive financial innovation capacity, 2009 in enterprise finance, zero
Smart Bank, "Big Bank, Big Bank, First Class Bank Collection of Services" since 2020, green silver has been made.
The strategy of the Financial and Financial Markets Group is the objective of the “Development of Power, Power and Wealth” initiative.
Three gold business cards.
Towards “light capital, efficient” in 2014, the booming consumer finance community accelerated business transformation and intensified business transformation.
:: Successfully completed the opening of a share allocation division and a business future in 2010.
Shares. A subsidiary rents to start a business. “Three types” of business capability, driven by the new Governor of Tao Qing in 2015.
Institutional finance, retail finance, investment in 2011, full realization of the UN-China letter, "Board of Investment, Capital Management, Big Money."
Capital banks, asset management, four-round M&As and renamed Employer Trusts, further developed the business landscape.
In 2012, China People ' s Security was introduced > 2018, establishing the "1234" war.
Minor system: "1" is a combination of light assets, conglomerates and China Tobacco Corporation, among others, to raise capital.
Light capital, an efficient line of direction; “2” is a comptoir plus two handlers; “3” is a handler.
In 2013, a fund was set up to upgrade the settlement, investment and initial construction of banks.
Capacity-building of trade-based banks: "4" is a four-point focus, which reinforces priority divisions, priority industries, priority customers,
Strategic role of priority products. As asset expansion and strategic transformation move forward, the following financial features emerge: Rate of return: Roe, Roa, and rorwa changed their downward trend in 2021 and started to return.
\triangleright \triangleright harvest and profit increase: the rate of increase has been declining since 2018 and in 2021 despite the increase
\triangleright collection structure: (1) Since 2019, the collection structure has been relatively stable, with net interest earnings still dominant (of which the share)
Revenue from gold is mainly based on investment charges (31 per cent), bank card charges (28 per cent) and surrogate charges (15 per cent); (2) For the sub-region, the share of revenue generated in Fujian region rose to 56 per cent; the investment was about 35 per cent; the purchase of re-sale financial assets declined.
Financial indicators relating to income and interest income have been restated. The impact of the reclassification has been eliminated, with net revenue from fees and commissions rising by 15.6 per cent in 2019.
Figure 6. Rate of return on bank loans in industry 7 Cost of bank deposits in industry 8
Figure 9 Bank net interest differentials. Chart 10 Bank net interest differentials ranked fourth (2021h) 2 to public: Green Finance+Investment Bank+Microcredit
Green finance and investment banks are the two main business cards of the booming banks. Moreover, small-scale micro-credit continues to advance in response to policy orientation.
2.1 Corporate clients: Business clients grew robustly: by the end of 2021, the number of corporate financial customers stood at 1.82 million, a 16.3 per cent increase in the same year, with 446,000 active and above clients, a 22.6 per cent increase in the same year, compared with 52612 large business clients.
The number of business start-up clients amounted to 362,000, a 50.8 per cent increase over the same period.
Figure 17 Co-operatives: High Growth of Corporate Clients. Figure 16 Listed and proposed co-contractors stable at 2.2 Green Finance: Building Gold Business Cards by Policy Wind.
In the first half of 2021, the People’s Bank issued the “Green Financial Evaluation Programme for Banking and Financial Institutions,” which guides banks to support the industry in both quantitative and qualitative terms. Cross-cuttingly, compared to the Bank’s annual report on green finance, the Hewlett Bank is the only one that has upgraded “green finance” to the whole industry.
At the strategic level, banks want to make them “Golden Business Cards.” At the operational level, on the basis of green loans, they work together to promote investment banks, trusts, leasing, etc., to form a structured green financial services system that attracts customers on a continuous basis. By the end of 2021, there were 38,000 green finance clients at the Hewlett Bank, an increase of 27.4 per cent over the previous year.
Green loans have grown faster than the industry as a whole. By the end of 2021, the year q4 had seen a quarterly increase. By the end of 2021, the bank had had a green loan balance of $453.94 billion, an increase of 42.11 per cent. As of the end of the present report, it had been revealed that the bank of 2021, the bank of Heung Bing, was the bank of the year 2021.
Green loans account for 10.3 per cent of the loan balance, which is only lower than the construction bank (10.5 per cent), the agricultural bank (11.5 per cent) and the business bank (12 per cent). In addition, the new green loans plus rights rate is 4.51 per cent, while the non-performing loan rate is 0.49 per cent, which is well below the Bank-wide default rate of 1.1 per cent.
By the end of 2021, the balance of green finance stood at $139 trillion, except for the $453.94 billion in green loans in the above-mentioned table: (1) corporate green-investment finance reached $116.5 billion. Green leasing, green trust, green fund, etc., has made steady progress in diversified financial operations, reaching a level of viability by the end of the reporting period.
Chart 18 Quantitative and Qualitative Regulatory Indicators of Green Financial Operations in Banking
Figure 23 Green Loans, BG + 42.11% Chart 242021 Listed Bank Green Finance Strategy, Inline Green Loans and Green Bond Bond Underwriting 2.3 Investment Bank: Merchant Investment Links
Integration of market resources and building capacity for broadband capital market services. The group’s total public finance (fpa) is achieved by three types of instruments: (1) non-traditional public finance, such as debt financing instruments, equity financing instruments, asset securitization operations, etc. (2) traditional off-the-shelf financing, such as bank bills, letters of credit, etc. (3) public loans and non-public criteria
By the end of 2021, the group’s balance on total public finance (fpa) amounted to 7.01 trillion non-traditional increases in public finance/surges in public finance over and above those in the table. Multiplicity of financing instruments went hand in hand. By the end of 2021, non-financial enterprise debt financing instruments were under cover.
71.265 billion yuan, or 8.88 per cent more than the previous year; 16.854 billion yuan in syndicate financing, or 38.73 per cent more than the previous year; M & A Investment Bank revenue continued to grow while generating low-cost deposits. In late 2021, investment bank revenues, including IBs and acting client ficc operations, amounted to $8.35 billion, or 10.1 per cent more than the previous period.
The average daily savings of key group clients amounted to $46,983,63 million, resulting in a return of $22,6.5 billion in debt-related funds through local debt investment, an increase of 23.5 per cent.
Continue to upgrade the financial services capabilities of micro-enterprises and strengthen financial technology. Small microfinance products of emerging banks include, among other things, fast-track lending, borrowing, trading loans and revolving loans, with fast-track approval using a standardized “scorecard” rating system, and revolving loans using online self-help applications for loans to provide customers with fast-track services.
By the end of 2021, the balance of corporate inclusive micro-enterprise loans amounted to $298.7 billion, an increase of 56.2 per cent over the previous year, and figure 28, a matrix of banking micro-finance products. Figure 30, a balance of small micro-credits + 56.2 per cent.
2.5 Trading banks: One-stop service platform fully facilitates the digital transformation of trading banks. Continuous refinement of the “Growing supply chain” series of online products, and construction of a one-stop service platform covering key financing instruments such as ticket certificates and receivables. Focused industries roll out medical services
By the end of 2021, there were 669 trading bank cooperation core firms, representing an increase of 16.8% over the same period, with supply chain financing reaching a target balance of $325.216 billion, or 8.6% over the same period.
Retail 3: In our analysis of the retail business of banks in a number of reports, we referred to the paradigm of “diplomatic plus realization”, where “diplomatic” masters, if they rely on the line, depends on the app architecture and the efficiency of access, and “diplomatic” is mainly a financing business (credit).
The three apps of the Episode Bank, effective mobile customers and mau have grown steadily; the net income of retail banking has declined at a marginal rate and has fallen slightly in terms of revenue. In the financing business, individual loans have grown rapidly, and credit cards and housing loans have declined rapidly.
There has also been a decline in managed proceeds from sales. Its wealth management business, which is inherently contaminated with the genes of the agency’s ecology, benefits, in addition to the retail crown business of private banks, from the construction of the corporate wealth biosphere, which provides a flow of 3.1 for future growth: the three main apps are on top of each other and retail aum is growing at a steady scale.
Mobile banks are fully open and shared, pulling retail operations through cross-dips. Mobile banks are officially connected to the Atomicization Service, providing faster and easier services to their customers with their non-installation and light-quantified features. Credit card apps are “good-inflation” embedded.
The one-stop wealth management service app “Money Master” has been continuously upgraded, and the bank finances and fund-raising fund have been driven by two wheels. As of the end of 2021, mobile phones had 43,263,300 active clients, representing a 16.9 per cent increase in the rate of monthly live users (mau) of 1,563.15 million.
Figure 35 Mobile Bank Monthly Users (mau) yoy+16.9% "Good Dynamics" App Register Users (Yoy+22.5%) Figure 38 Retail Bank Clients (including Credit Cards)
Figure 39 Consolidated Retail Client Financial Assets yoy + 9.4% Chart 40 Net Retail Banking Income yoy + 4.1% Chart 42 Total Retail Client Management Assets (aum) yoy + 8.9%
Figure 43 Retail finance aumyoy + 7.1% 3.2 Discount I: Housing loans are increasing at a slower rate and individual loans are still growing at a higher rate, with individual housing loans accounting for the highest proportion (25.3%) in the retail lending structure, followed by credit card loans
9.9%, and finally 4.6%, of individual loans. Constraints on the centralization of real-estate loans (at the end of the year, individual loans amounted to 20.3102 billion yuan, an increase of 44.2% from the same year to three years in a row).
Financial clients reached 11796 households, a 13.1 per cent increase over the same period, with a surplus of 2,19,934 million yuan in vehicle financial financing, compared to 3.3 billion yuan in real terms: wealth management biosphere + investment biosphere private bank clients maintained a higher rate of growth.
By the end of 2021, the number of private bank clients in the banking sector amounted to 58,255, an increase of 20.0%. Private bank clients averaged $7,424.5 billion per month, a 17.2% increase on a monthly basis.
The Silver Platform helped to build the Investment Ecoosphere. The Silver Platform was a home-grown brand of financial cooperation that was promoted by the Brethren Bank, with the launch of the Integrated Wealth Management Platform for individual investors in 2013 under the auspices of the Silver Platform. In 2017, the "Institutional Investment" for institutional investors was launched.
A trading platform, which officially operates a wealth cloud, covers a one-stop exchange service for wealth products, including mobile banking, online banking, and front channels. At the end of the reporting period, the balance of corporate management property was $1.79 trillion, with silver and silver platforms.
Provide a one-stop cooperative service for product providers and product distributors covering the full-scale process of marketing rich products.
Intra-bank wealth management operations, a combination of cooperative banks that provide easy online investment to clients of all types of financial institutions
A wealth management platform, which provides a one-stop shop for individual clients.
Figure 54 Balance of property (including treasury) yoy + 21 per cent 4 asset quality: improved asset quality and increased risk offset capacity
The rate of bad banking has been declining since 2016, and the provision coverage has been rising since 2019. At the end of 2021, the rate of bad lending by the bank was 1.1 per cent, a decline of 0.15 percentage points from the end of the previous year; the coverage rate was 268.7 per cent, an increase of 49.9 percentage points from the end of the previous year.
At the end of 2021, the overall rate of non-performing individual loans was 1.01%, or 0.03 percentage points lower than at the end of the previous year. The breakdown shows that poor housing loans were 0.49%, or 0.04 percentage points lower than at the end of the previous year; poor personal loans were 0.52%, or 0.15 percentage points lower than at the end of the previous year; and poor credit card loans.
\triangleright Personal Real Estate Mortgage Loans amount to 112,169 million yuan, or 67.82 per cent; regional distribution in second-line cities has a balance of 70.75 per cent, while the rest of the mortgage items are concentrated in the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle and
The main urban areas of some of the economically developed cities in the central region: the value of ltv (share of individual mortgages and the total value of mortgages) was 44.38 per cent, and the collateral was highly valuable. 16,999 million yuan in bonds, the main issuer, was invested in the securitization of mortgages for housing.
At the end of the reporting period, companies covered 305.14 per cent of public real estate financing operations, higher than the average.
Figure 56 Bank failure rate and provision coverage Rates of individual bank lending rate and sub-prime failure rate of bank failure rate
The impact of the epidemic on macroeconomics is higher than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.