q3 short-term fluctuations in profits, positive buy-backs, confidence-building, Consistency Holdings (002352.sz)
The volume of business has continued to increase and profits have fluctuated as a result of market expansion strategies and long-term strategic inputs Income end: q3 company operations have continued to grow at a high level of 4.31 billion votes, compared to +33.4 per cent in the same year, and the market share has risen steadily by 8.7 per cent in the same year.
In-depth promotion of the “start-up” mechanism and upgrading of the capacity of industry solutions services. On the one hand, companies give the front line full business authorization and incentives to stimulate market expansion.
Helping to leverage logistics network-scale effects, promoting network-structure flattening and differentiational stratification, and thus helping to build structural downgrading long-lasting mechanisms. On the other hand, companies are active in developing industry professionals, breaking through industry customer supply chains, q3 in industrial equipment, communications high technology, automobiles, digestion.
Logistics revenues in industries such as expensive goods have increased by more than 25% on a year-to-year basis.
Cash paid by producing, intangible and other long-term assets is $6,672 million, the same ratio - 2.59 per cent, and international operations have opened up space for steady growth in intra-capital operations, with falling expenditures, and sufficient cash flows have provided a good basis for the company ' s dividends and equity buy-backs.
Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) Value Analysis: A steady increase on a medium-year basis, positive returns to investors, company expected medium-term cash transfers in 2025 Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz)
Adjusted from “not less than RMB 500 million and not less than RMB 1 billion” to “not less than RMB 1.5 billion in medium term and special dividends, to value the company and not more than RMB 3 billion”, it highlights the firm's confidence in the future prospects for development and its value to the company.
Sinda Securities Inc. Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Risk factors: less than expected requirement for statute of limitations; less than expected improvement in new business; excess delivery of capacity \triangleright
In the major areas of transport such as transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, several provinces submitted external assessments. In 2023, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for aviation, airports, etc. In 2024, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for couriers, logistics, roads, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.