Growth in production and sales and the rise in the prices of original aluminium drive the growth in the company ' s performance in the first half of the year: 1) The increase in the volume of product sales increases the size of the company ' s revenue: 2) The average price of aluminum in the first half of 2017 was $13617 per ton (the spot price of aluminum a00 class in the Yangtze River).
The company’s 816,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production will undoubtedly benefit significantly from an increase of 16.49% over the average value of $11,689 per ton over the same period last year. By ring, the company achieved a net return of $455 million in the second quarter, an increase of 58.80% over the first quarter.
The main reasons for the improvement in the quarterly corporate Maori ratio may include the sale of the company ' s high-value-added product, aaa Dongbing shares (600114), an increase in volume and an increase in the original aluminium price.
The quarterly average price increased by 2.78 per cent compared to the quarterly average price. _aaa_Minghai Aluminium (601677)
The collaboration with major companies such as Heng Da, Vanko, Huaxia, Banco, Wanda, Fulbright, etc. _aaa_The Lithium Industry (002460), which successfully expanded to Beijing, Shanghai, Wenzhou, Chongqing, Taihara, Shijiajiang, Guangdong, etc.
In the area of industrial materials, the company is already a stable supplier of aluminium for medium-car orbital transport. During the reporting period, the company completed a new generation of Chinese subways.
In the area of aluminium sheeting, sales of corporate products increased by 7 per cent over the same period last year, with 3104 food cans and 5052h39 ring beers caps having been tested and produced in bulk.
In addition, the company has focused on the development of heterogeneous tanks and high-performance batteries, and the product has been tested and delivered in bulk. In the case of motor panels, the company has already made it available in both domestic and international markets.
Bulk supply, and steady progress on certification by other manufacturers to increase market sales. On the emptyboard side, the company has already certified Boeing's product in June 2017, and has already delivered the product.
Production is now stable and bulk on the market. Upstream and acquisition of electrolytic aluminium, increased elasticity of performance, high end downstream products, increased profitability: in 2016, companies acquired electric power in the form of an increase, and companies acquired electricity in the form of an increase.
The expansion of electrolytic aluminium production from 136,000 tons to 816,000 tons and the addition of 1,110,000 kW thermal combined units have effectively increased the company ' s performance elasticity, as already reflected in its performance in the first half of 2017, in anticipation of the high price of electrolytic aluminium in the second half of the year.
The positive effect on performance of the increased electrolytic aluminium production is expected to be further demonstrated. In downstream aluminium processing, based on the steady development of existing operations, the company, through the "20 million tons per year of ultra-high-performance special aluminium alloys production line" project, produces 40,000 tons of high-precision per year.
The Aluminium Producing Lines Project and the "Major Fine Model Exercise Project, which produces 140,000 tons per year" have focused on the development and development of high-value-added areas such as aerospace aluminium panels, motor panels, orbital transport materials, large-scale precision modeling and high-performance aluminum, creating new profit growth points for companies, and
In general, the company’s upstream electrolytic aluminium production merger and purchase allows the company to fully benefit from the increase in the electrolytic aluminium price associated with the changes in the supply side of the electrolytic aluminium, while downstream aluminium processing has a number of priority projects to be phased in and released.
The company’s performance growth is more certain. 17.46 times, based on a good view of future aluminium prices and the company’s high-end aluminium processing business, we maintain risk factors: aluminium prices fall; aluminium processing does not grow as much as expected.