On December 19, 2018, an investor exchange was held in the Cemetery of Liangzhou, and the changes are clear: 1) Market share will continue to accelerate concentration in large alcohol companies over the next 2-3 years; 2) Business channels are changing dramatically; 3) Consumption groups are changing fundamentally. 80/90 is an era of non-deficit economies.
At the corporate level: seizing opportunities, branding and market expansion: During the iterative process of consumer groups, for example, domestic customers 1573 are going to upgrade to more high-end, tasteful, fashionable consumer groups. 3) Market expansion: first, continuing to extend to vulnerable or empty markets, second future.
Ouyang Woo Swords is going to have a great deal of access to the county and town markets. In previous marketing plans, the company had indicated that in 2019, the Penang cellar would increase market sales in empty areas and sink to the county level.
Corporate goals: positive growth in 2019, stable cost rates, positive growth in 2019, and core strategy remains focused on five monoliths. From the company’s five monolithics, the cellars, 1573 have been slowly slowing down after rapid growth, but in previous marketing plans, the company has been able to make a difference.
In 2019, the state cellar, with a revenue target of 1573 billion, is expected to continue to grow well, at a rate of about 50 per cent in 2018, and as the corporate brand system is streamlined, single items such as headlines, dubbeds, scavengers, wines, etc. are expected to grow.
The year 2019 was the most competitive year for the white wine industry, so many firms would have experienced a significant increase in their costs, thanks to the company’s first three years of mating, and the firm’s bottom line would not raise the cost input rate.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, 1000th Hengsheng-hoon Road, Shanghai, China and China.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.