Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) net return to mothers in the first three quarters of Xiangzhou increased by 37.67 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
On the evening of the 28th night, the Quarter 2018 was published. During the reporting period, the company achieved a total operating income of $9,263 million, an increase of 27.24 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was $2,751 million, with a return of $1.878, with a weighted average net asset return of 17.07 per cent.
In the second and third quarters of the white wine tradition, the company's three-quarter harvest fell by 6.81 per cent and the mother's net profit by 15.05 per cent. But overall, with the entire white wine industry moving upwards over 17 years, with a higher comparable base, the company's three-quarter harvest still increased by more than 30 per cent, with net profits rising at a higher rate than the same time.
45%. The cellar has remained stable at high-end prices, maintaining channels in weak areas such as the East of China, and, following the company ' s launch of the brand renewal programme, the Representative of the Cedars of the State, Special, has continued to strengthen the investment in special branding, and is now well marketed, and is expected to continue to increase the proportion of its performance.
Companies continued to increase their advertising and market promotion activities during the reporting period at a cost of up to 30.42%. Corporate owners either attacked their waist products or made it difficult to reduce costs, but it was hoped that they would drive up the boost.
The company also announced its intention to set up, in conjunction with the Cultural Communications Corporation, a company that is still in the top five monolithic lines of marketing, but as 80 or 90 years later is becoming the dominant group in white alcohol consumption, the company is also trying to adapt to new consumption trends and is expected to do so in the future.
The company, as the vanity of white wine, has been successful in deepening the reforms, with a strong focus on the strategy of the three main product lines, the five single products, s07905141001. The cellar series has been streamlined, repositioned, and the high-priced belts of white wine have been stabilized.
In the context of the space in which the white wine price increases are released, the market for the white wine is very large, and the company’s silo age and speciality are very competitive at this price. The company seeks to promote the middle-level product, dig up the empty market, and accelerate the consolidation of the belt.
The team and channels are almost complete, and it is hoped to accelerate the capture of mid-end market shares and end-use time.
City Gate B, 5th floor, has a strong nose image, which deepens the perception of branding and consumption. In keeping with the dominant trend of raising the concept of nutrition and health awareness, the market for health-care white wines and the expansion of the areas of fruit and wine, it is hoped that in the future it will be in the company's brand.
We look to firm brand influences and highly competitive products for the future with a double-priced effect, clear strategic objectives for corporate management, clear direction for development, and a sustained view of the company’s future performance.
Figure 2: Chonzhou history pb, Figure 1: Luangzhou history pe is an independent and objective source of the present report with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.