If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, markcap rmmm and Gross profitmargin, accordingtomanage.
I'm sorry, um, avgvaluetraded (3m) rmm the companyinvesting heavilyinmarketingexpenses, while negotiating
12 mhgh/low rmb channelventobelessthan2months.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something.
Wevisiteddluzhouluaojioandtalkedwithmanagement.asoneofchina's oldestliquormanufacturers, instremiumproducationalcellar1573issold atatreilpriceofmb1099/botttleonparwithwuliangyeyibin's(a-share)
(000858ch, rmb50.69, neutral, tp: rmb52.30) peu. aspledgetitsannualgeneralmeeratinginjune 2018, the companyayaimsto regainstop3spotinthebaijuindustryin 2020andliftsrevenueto
Rmb30bnin2020e (rmb10.4bnin2017). Nationalcellar1573, mid-range programs, and Healthandotherinnovovaviliquorsareedextectedtomakea one-thirdconstrubutiontovenue.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
In 2015.accordingtoindustryexpers, 1573wonbackitshistorical maretsharein2017andgainedmorein 2018.asaresult, gpmroseto
I don't know if I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to do this, but I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the next.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
That's 5.4% ofmoutaiand 10.5% ofwuliangye.however, Grossmargin expansiondrivenby productmixupgrademorethanoffsettheincreasein sg&a, applicationmarginimproved 3.2pptyoyto 40.7%.moreover, post
The hiccupthebaijiindustryandeffectualpricingstrategy, laojiaorrebuilt itssalesteamin 2014byproductinlieuofregions. thecompanyarioned lessonsandismaningchannelinventortier2monthsurrently.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
It's 36% infy17. The company paysopaidout71.6%
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
rmb2,743m.3q18salesgrew 31% andnetprofitrose 45%. Thestockis tradingata14xfy19eper, comparedwith domesticpeers' 15xfy19e, both basedonbroombergconsensusestimatates.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Hetoryandcorporate governance luzhoulaojiaogroup(soe), 26.02% 1915luzhooulaojiaoteguwon thepanama internationalfair
• 1994luzhoulaojiaco., ltdwasstabliedandlistdon
"Chinasecuritiesfinancecorporate" 2.31% of the shhanghaiistockexchange. longkongsecuritiescleaningco.ltd. 2.02%
2009controllingshareholdrwaschashangedtoluzhou e-fundsecuritiesinvestivefund. 1.69% laojiaog group, and actualcontrollerremainedasluzhou
Que-ownassets supervisitandministration ballancesheetdataandrefinancing 30th, managementanddirectorbackground
Cashandbankbalanceofm8,384m mr.lumiao,aged49,wasappointedchairmaninjune2015.hepreciousserservasgeneralmanagerassistant, deputy
Fixedassetandconstructioninprocessoffrm2,979m generalmanager, andgeneralmanageofsalessubsidiaryat noshort-termandlong-termdebt
The company. mr.linfeng, aged45, Wasappointedgeneralmanagerin netcash/equityratioat 51.7%
June2015.hewasinchargeofsalessubsidiary, departing and thehrdepartementally.mr.wanghongbo,aged54,servasdeputygeneral
Hewasdiretorofthebureauofcompmerceofluzhou. latestresultships (3q18)
31% trmb2,843m3q18. 20.5% trmb10.4bninfofy17.
Grossmarginexpandedby22bsto 81.5% in3q18. Grossmarginexpandedby 950bpsto71.9% From62.4% in ebitmargincreasedby111bsto35.5%.
ebitmarginwastrimmedby 207bpsto32% From29.9%.netprofitincreasedby45%tomb772m.netprofitincreasedby30.7%tomb2558m.
I'm sorry, revenuebreakdownbyproduct(rmmm) fig2 Grossmarginbyproduct macquariereresearch
Macquariereresearch macvisit: luzhoulaojiao netprofitmargintrend (%)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
All "adjusted" dataemshavehadthefollowing outperform-return > 3% inexcessofbenchmarkreturnpricemovements.
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do this, but I'm not gonna be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, except tomoveupordown 60-100 per cent of the country's nayyar irsimpairments and ifrsinterestexpense benchmarkreturnisdeterminedbylongtermmnominal
Inventors shouldbeawarethstockishighly excluded: nonrecurringments, apprevals, property gdprowthplus12monthforwardmarketdividend
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so...
♪ Macquarie-asia/europe eps=adjustednetprofit/efpowa* outperform-expected return > +10%
Roa=adjustebit/averagetotassets neutral-expectedreturnfrom-10% to +10%
Underperform - Expedition <-10% totalassets mazimacquarie - Southafrica
+10% Grossflow=adjustednetprofit+depreciation
Underperform_expectedreturn<-10% numberoffshares macquarie-canada
5% inexcessofbenchmarkstream allreportednumbersforaustralian/nzlistedstocks
5% belowbenmarkrern
I don't know what you're talking about, but only macquarie-usa
- It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
3000ndextrürn fundamentalanalystrecommittees neutral(old)-returnwithin5%oflessell3000index
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(forglobalcoveragebymacquarie, 2.04% ffstocksfollowareinvestmentbankingclients) (forgglobalcoveriesbymacquarie, 0.47% fstocksfollowingvendreinvendments) 000858chvscsi300, & rechistory
(allfiguresincurrenceunlessnotted) note: recommendationtimeline-ifnotacontinousline, thethenewasnomacquarie overageatthetimeorthesanembargoperiod. 12-monttargetpricemethodology
00858ch:rmb52.30basedonnapermethodology company-specificdisclostures: targetpriceriskdisclosures:
In this case, it would be difficult to find a solution to the problem, but it would be difficult to find a solution to the problem.
Foreignexchangement sandinputprices. Fromtimetotime, the companywillingenterintotranctions, includingtancesindiveinstrustments, to managecertainoftheseexpositions. analystcertification:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Including macquariegroup Ltdtotalrevenues, aportionofhicharegenerated bymacquariegroup's investmentbankingactivities.generialdisclamers: macquariecurities (australia)ltd; macquariecapitatal (europe)ltd; macquariecapitamarketsnadaldd; macquariecapitamarketetsnommerica
ltd; Macquariecapital (usa)inc; macquariecapalimated, taiwansecuritiesbranch; macquariecapitalsecurities (singapore)pted; macquarie securities (nz)ltd; mazimacquariececurities (rf) (pty)ltd; macquariecapatalsecurities (india)pvtd; macquariecapitasecutities (malaysia) sdn bdbd; macquariececuriteskorealimitidandmaquaryes (thailand)
00853542 (mbl)ormgl.mldoesnotguaranteeortwisprovideassuranceinrespectoftheobligation sofanyof theabovemented entités.mglprovidesaguaranteothiometarotyorfsingaporeinrespecectoftheobligationsandlibilitiesofmaquariecapitalsecurities (singapore)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you, Mr. Macquariereresearch macvisit: luzhoulaojiao establishedimplementedaconflidictspolicyatgrouplevel (whomayberevisedandupdatedfrromtimetime) pursuantto
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, and other professionalsmayprovidiororworldmarkermarkercommationortrainingstrategiestooursourcesthatreflecultinionswhocharecontractoryto the opinionexpressedinthisresearch.macquarierereresearchproducesavreofresearchproductsincludification, Butnotlicedto, fundamentalanalysis, macro-economicanalysis, quantiactiveanalysis, and tradedeideas.recommendeidescontainativenedinetyofofreveresearchproducedofifford
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it.
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, the macrostrategymaresales & tradepersonsnelwhoprovidedadeskcommentarythisnotaproductof themacquariereresearch departorsubjecttofinrüle 2241 oranyootherregularregardingtheprospectionoffequitireresearch. country-specificdisclamers:
Australia: naustralia, researchissessueddistribudbymacquariececurities (australia) ltd (afslno.238947), aparticipatingorganisationof the australiansciritiesexchange.macquariecurities (australia)limited Staffinvolved withthepepreparationofrefresearchhaveregularinternationalinteraction wiith company companiestheycover.addicationally, macquariegroupliceddochesandstodobusinswithcompaniescoveredbymaquariereresearch.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
And (ii) participatingorganizationofthetoronto stockexhange, tsxventureexchange&montréalexchange.thisresearchsdridibustiedstates, asirdpartnerresearchbymaquarie capitalmarketketsnorthamiricaltdd., whichisaregisteredbroker-dealerandmermemeroffancialindustryregularatortyandthesecritities.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Intendedfordistrition in Statementlytomajorinstitutionalinvestor.Researchanalysts of macquariecapitamarkarketscanadaldald.rerenotgetted/qualfiedresresearchanalysts
Capitarmarketscanadaltdd.istolowallclientathatatreitledtohaveequalaaccesstoourresearch. unincorporateddom: intheunishedkingdom, researchchisissedddistriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichisauthorsedandregulaedbyfinalconductautology (no. 193905).germany:ingermany, thisresarossuedand/ordribustedbymacquariecapital (europe)limed, niedlassungdeutschland, whichisišišićed
Authorisedandregulatedbytheukfinciancialconductauthority (No. 193905), andingermanybybafin.france: infrance, researchissussuedand distriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichislislissuissuedandreglatedintheunishingdombythefinancialconductauthority (No. 193905).hongkong&mainlandchina: inhongkong, researchissussuedtedbymacquariecapitalimited, whichislislicensedand
I don't know, regularized by the securitiesandfutures committee. inmainlandchina, macquariecurities (australia)limed shanghairepresentativeofficeonly engagesinnon-businissoperativeactivities exclusingistuisentidies provisionaleresearch.onlyn-asharerereresearchchisistributedintainintainlandchina by mamaquariecapitallimited.japan: injapan, researchissuassuidandtedbymacariedmacquariecapacitacitates (japan)
Tokyostockexhange, inc. andosakaexchange, inc. (financialinstrumentsfirm, Kantofinancialbureau (kin-sho) no. 231, amberofjapan securitiesdealersassociation.india: india, researchchissussuedanddristritedbycquariecapacitations (india)pvt.ltd. (cin: u65920mh 1995ptc090696), 92, vel9, 2northaway, makermaxity, Bandrakurlacomplex, Bandra (east), mumbai-400051, india, whisisa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
iresttotheteport.researchcase(s)inthhiaregisterascllerksonlyassististinthepparationofresearchandareototagedin writingotheresesearch.macquariemaybeinpastoneyorionorionofrucesserofrucructuredwarrantsonsecuritiesmentationinthelsreport.thailand: inthailand, researchechisproduced, issuedanddisteribuedbymacquarieniecurities (thailand)ltd.macquarienesecurities (thailand)ltd.isalicenesed
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever seen me, but I don't know if you're the only one who's got me, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's got me.
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4.southkorea: insouthkorea, unlessothwisted, researched, issueddistrited bymacquarie securitieskorealimited, ichisregradedbythefinciansopervisoriesservices, informsionanalysinmsklisdisclosed 00000, southafrica: insouthafrica, researchissuedanddriedbymazimacarièries (rf) (ptv)ld,memberofjselimited.
(singapole: insingapore, researchissuissedanddistributed by macquariecapitalsecurities (singapore) pteltd (decisionregistration) (198702912c), acapitamarketsserviceselicenseholderunderthesecuritiesandfuturesacttodealinsecuriesandprovidecustomediaservicesin singapole.pursuanttothefinancialadvisers (amendment)regulations2005, maquariecapacitacitacitates (singapore)
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
i. , accepts responsibilityforthecontainmentresearchportreparedbyoneofetsnon-usaffiliateswenthersreothersreportisistiedtheuniveinsbymaquariecapitatal (usa) inc. , accepts responsiabilityfortheconfearchresearchprovedbyoneofisonsnon-usaffiliateswhenotheresresearchedinstedintheunitedstates bymaquariecapital (usa) inc.macquariecapital (usa) inc.inc.'saffiliate'sanlysarrenotregitedasresresearchtechanalystswithfitra, maynotbe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wishingtoeffectatrannysecurityidescriedhereindolfoddosowithmacquariecapital (usa) inc.importantdiscussureinformation representiveat1-888-mac-stock, orwritetothe supervisorialyanalys, researchdepartements, macquariecultures, 125w.55thtreet, newewyork, ##maquariegroup
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Infrastructure, industrials, transport banksandfinancials telecoms
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Conglomerates consumer, gaming sourceresearchhat ♪
"Property, reit macquarie: thomson:
♪ We're gonna have to go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪
♪ Capitallq asiasales regionalheadsofsales ♪
I don't know, regionalheadsofsalescont'd salestrading'd salestrading