Food and beverages in the Penang State (000568), income is growing rapidly and profitability is growing steadily, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) is growing.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved $9.26 billion in revenue in the first three quarters of 2018, i.e. + 27% of the year, and realized a net return of $2.75 billion, i.e., +38% of the year; 18q3 earned $2.84 billion, i.e. + 31% of the year, +770 million of the year, i.e. 46% of the year, i.e., the expected amount.
+29% net cash inflows from operating activities increased significantly from the first half of the year to the same year +1%. Medium- and high-end power, which led to rapid income growth, and low-end alcohol, resumed growth.
Markets, core customer and shop policies, and high-end alcohol growth; state cellars and brand companies operate in a model that is more flattening, facilitating market regulation and spending. Medium alcohol continues to grow faster than high-end alcohol, continuing its rapid growth in the first half of the year, and continues to grow in mid-18 years, benefiting from high-end alcohol prices on the one hand.
After stability, the medium-sized wine operation was given space to add up consumption to facilitate the promotion of the medium wine; on the other hand, 18 years of company investment in the medium-sized wine special series continued to increase, with two brands and front-line operations, with a significant increase in the special 60 and a recovery of about 30% in the old-word feature.
At the same time, the q3 empty market has grown at a rate of optimism, reduced replenishment, and a positive contribution to performance. The Māori rate has risen significantly, with a slight increase in cost and a sustained increase in profitability.
Close to 5 percentage points to 77%, mainly due to: low- and medium-level alcohol focus strategy and product structure upgrading. It is estimated that the increase in alcohol and Maori is not significant: 18 years of low- and medium-grade alcohol continue to focus strategy and 60 + old-word feature resumes rapid growth; low-grade alcohol focus head and double-tracks restore single-digit growth while single-digit growth
The increase in the Māori rate is marked by a drop in bit costs. The three rates rose by 1 per cent to 26 per cent, mainly sales fees by more than 2 percentage points, domestic customers continued to invest, middle-rate alcohol, especially the old-word feature market, and advertising fees and market promotion fees increased significantly.
The industry is under pressure to look at the company’s name, alcohol gene, and solid capacity to operate: the economy and consumption have become more competitive, and the white wine industry has slowed down. The white wine industry, after a two-to-three-year boom, continues to raise prices, faces a staged ceiling: at the same time, the volume has been boosted by the penetration rate of the famous liquor channel, and the channels have been replaced by stocks.
The increase in competition and the slowdown is evident in pre-cost rivalries and consumers. But, in the long run, it is worth noting that wine is scarce, and the continued rise in the city’s share is a long-term logic; at the same time, the company’s series of high schools is less comprehensive, with a strategic focus on five monolithic items, and more intense core competition.
Profit predictions and ratings remain constant in 2018, but the slowdown in economic growth has led to consumption less.
2. Cemetery (000568); clear product structure upgrade, 3. Luang County old cellar (000568); clear product structure upgrade, channels and markets long-term (2018-04-11)
Nangzhou old cellar (000568). The product structure is clearly upgraded, and Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.