Domestic lithographic storage +mcu tap, refining internal credit cycle, 27 June 2024.
In April 2005, the company’s predecessor, Beijing-based China-Technology and Technology Co. Ltd., was established. In 2010, the public division was changed to Beijing-Memo-Innovative Technology Co. Ltd., and in 2012, the company was changed to a limited total stock company, with the company listed on the board in August 2016.
The company runs a cycle. The company’s main product lines are currently storage, microcontrols, sensor products, etc., multi-product line track layouts, which can form different periods of business climb, blast periods overlap, and enable the company to operate smoothly. According to the company’s bulletin, companies are globally ranked in the area of storage products.
The number one transistor flash supplier in 2023 ranked the city as second in the world; in the mcu product area, according to omdia, the market ranking of the company in 2022 rose to seventh in the world, the 32nd-bit arm-like model of the Chinese brand.
The mcu supplier is also China’s top-ranked Mcu supplier; at the same time, the company is China’s second-ranked supplier of fingerprint sensors. The price of treasuries rises with mainstream products, and the company’s profitability is gradually being repaired.
The price of storage products began to rise in late August 2023, mainly as a result of a positive reduction in the production of the former plant, which should gradually become apparent, adding to the warming of the demand for e-consumptions during the current season, and increasing demand for high-end storage driven by the ai. Because of the link between the price of luxurious storage products and the price of mainstream storage products, with the storage industry,
In the second half of 2023, mainstream dram and nad have already increased considerably, and now mainstream storage prices are returning to Lijidram and slc Nand.
After one or two quarters of transmission, the price of likidram was mildly higher in the first quarter of 2024, the demand of slcnand was about a quarter behind and the price of slcnand was expected to rise mildly in the future. The market has been warming up, the Māori rate of products has increased, and companies have increased.
Some of the lost product lines were reversed. Half-yearly in 2023, the results were evaluated as: the yield ring was up, the q2 battalion was able to run out of the ddr3 market, and the company was expected to benefit fully from the market.
Annual Report 2022 and Quarterly 2023: Storage down, cycle under pressure, diversification of industries, automobiles, etc.
Half-yearly, 2022: Performance meets expectations, product balance. Companies actively cut into the dram memory sharp market (consumption, industrial controls, etc.) and have introduced products such as ddr4, ddr3l, in consumer electronics (including top-of-the-art boxes, television, smart homes, etc.), industry, networks.
By the end of the year, the products of ddr34gb and 2gb have been produced in large quantities and will be bulked and collected by 2024. In 2024, companies will also launch ddr48gb products, which will cover most of the niche market applications in the niche market category.
By 2025, the company’s dram products are expected to cover the main niche market demand and to achieve volume supply. Due to the availability of high-value-added products such as hbm and ddr5 from the three primary plants, sk-Helsi, Melight and Samsung, the product ddr3 market is being phased out to free the equipment and equipment.
With productive capacity, companies are expected to earn a greater share of the market, replace national production, and achieve performance growth in the face of rising current prices. With 32 Mcu-led companies in the country, the process of internal performance has been far from complete.
The M.O.I. has evolved into the location and content of the "mcu department store" and the company's gd32mcu product has successfully produced 46 product series, more than 600 mcu products, with full coverage of mainstream applications such as generic, low-yielding, high-performance, low-power, wireless connections.
With a pre-emptive advantage, the world’s top and second international producers have thousands of sizes, and companies still have a gap in product abundance. Mcu is still in a low-growth industry, where companies are engaged in in-house work, actively developing new products, continuously importing new products to customers, and some of the new products are already contributing to the harvest and the industry.
The Mcu market is large, with the company’s global market at 1-2%, and there is still a broad drive strategy, with a strong focus on dynamic car regulation. In automobile applications, the company’s spinorflash model product 2m–2gb is fully lined.
Qi, the company ' s 38nmslnandflash RV content covers 1gb~4gb, and is accompanied by a car code spinorflash, which provides more opportunities to enter the car market. The company ' s RV levels gd25/55spinorflash and gd5fulinandflash are widely used.
In 2023, the company's car code spinorflash was operating steadily in high security requirements, such as the car chassis, the suspension system, marking the company's spi.
The company’s car regulation mcu product, which has been successfully developed in collaboration with the country’s Head Tier1 platform, such as the Etek body control area, the Paolenko tire pressure monitoring system, has also been working with several international head companies.
In April 2005, the company’s predecessor, Beijing Cyclops and MicroTech Ltd. was established and changed in 2010 to Beijing’s Monuments and Innovations Section.
In August 2016, the company was listed on the main board. In 2008, the company successfully developed the first eight-m pinorflash in mainland China, and took the lead the following year in acquiring the Think Micro into the Sensor Market. The area of downstream application of the company ' s products was wide-ranging, including industry, automobiles, etc.
Consumer electronics, network communications, pc and surroundings, physical networking, mobile devices, etc.. According to the company ' s annual report 2023, the company is the world ' s leading supplier of crystalless circle products, rising its annual market ranking to 7th in 2023, the 32nd-bit arm-type Chinese brand.
Mcu, also the first-ranking Mcu supplier in China; at the same time, the company is the second-highest indicator of China ' s innovative development history.
Storages, microcontrollers, sensor products, etc., with storage products consisting of nonflash, slcnandflash and dram. The company’s multi-product line track layouts can form different periods of business climbing, staggering, and enabling companies to operate robustly.
Noorflash: provision of up to 16 capacity options, covering 512 kb~2gb, four different voltage ranges and as many as 20 different encapsulation options that satisfy the client's different applications for capacity, voltage and encapsulation forms
By the end of 2023, the cumulative global output of more than 100 million items had provided a rich and varied choice for domestic production of vehicle-borne applications. In 2023, company car regulations spinorflash had been operating steadily in high security requirements, such as the car bottom hang-off system, marking the company ' s car code spi.
The reliability of norflash has been further validated. nandflash: 38nm and 24nm are in the process of full-scale production and are using 24nm as the main process, with capacity over 1gb ~ 8gb, the company spinandflash in consumer electronics, industry, communications, cars
The company's 38nmslnandflash model product covers 1 gb~4gb. In 2023, the company's new generation of the 24nm process, the Nandflash storage device, gd5f1gm7, was awarded the Chinaic Design Achievement Award for the year 2023.
Dram: A wide range of applications can be used in areas such as cybercommunications, television, top-of-the-board boxes, intelligent households, industry, and car-borne audio systems. Companies are constantly enriching their product mix, ddr3l can provide 1 gb/2gb/4gb capacity, and ddr4 can provide 4gb capacity.
mcu: Continuous evolution of the location and content of the "mcu department store" with the successful production of 46 large product series, more than 600 mcu products, with full coverage of the mainstream application market for generic, low-cost, high-performance, low-power, wireless connections, etc. The company’s inner core covers armocortex-m3, m4, m23, m33 and m7.
The company’s mcu product now covers 110 nm, 55nm, 40nm, 22nm processes and is a leader in the industry. The company’s car code class product, which has been successfully developed in collaboration with the country’s head Tier1 platform, such as the Etek body control domain, security, etc.
The technical tire pressure monitoring system has also been developed in collaboration with a number of international head companies. The car regulation gd32a series mcu currently offers four types of wrapping for market options, which can be applied to a variety of Electrified car scenes such as body control, vehicle lighting, intelligent cabins, auxiliary driving, and electrical power sources.
Sensors: Currently include touch chips and fingerprint identification chips, which are widely used in the lcd tentacles, electrocution fingerprints, optical fingerprints, and nearly 100 million shipments of corporate touch chip year-on-years. The company fingerprint product has been in the mainstream market program for years with multiple flagships, high, middle-level smartphones, commercial pre/replace/side capacitation and optical programmes.
Figure 2 Multi-producer multi-track configuration "System Calculator" integrated core eco-store product
Nonflash: 55nm process node
The company's gd32mcu product has been successful.
Production of 46 product series, more than 600 chips, fingerprint recognition chips.
The public touch and control chip contains two different wrap options: self-containment and mutual tolerance.
The smcu product covers 110 nm, 55 nm, major items, and the fingerprint chip includes the capacitation 2m ~ 2gb full lined.
40nm, 22nm process, in line. Fingerprints, photoprints under the oed screen.
The industry is in the lead. The product is kernel and so on. The company's fingerprints identify the chip for years.
Covers the armocortex-m3,m4, already in multi-ship/high/medium intelligence 1 gb ~ 8 gb. 38 nmslcnand
m23, m33 and m7. Car regulation level.
The gd32a series mcu currently offers four capacitors and optical programs to become a market for a total of 10 models for market choice.
1gb/2gb/4gb capacity from dram:ddr3l product, 4gb capacity from ddr4 product, continuously enriched
Figure 3 Progress in research and development of product lines by company The equity structure of the company is fragmented, with Mr. Chu Iming, the realist, also acting as Chairman of the Longsong Storage Board as of 2024.
At the end of the first quarter, the company’s first shareholder, the actual controller, was the company’s founder and chairman, Chu Yiming, who held 6.86% of the company’s shares, and its co-operator, Hong Kong’s infogridlimited, held 1.96% of the company’s shares.
Project Manager, systemtechnologiesinc. Board of Directors, Jan. 2018-February 2022; Chairman, Jan. 2018-February 2022; Chief Executive Officer, Jan. 2018-April 2023.
Chief Executive Officer, Regiment Limited; Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Jianjin Technology Group, Inc., February 2021 to date. Managing Director of the Corporation, April 2005 to July 2018; Chairman of the Board, April 2005 to date.
The company’s company’s company is a major partner in dram’s business. The company’s strategic collaboration is growing, with the company’s Replenishment Chief Technology Group, Inc., which, in its bulletin of 29 March 2024, revealed that it had been able to strengthen the company’s company and the Jang Technology Group, Inc. (formerly known as “Wise Integration Powered Power).
The company intends to participate in a new round of financing with its own funds of RMB 1.5 billion for long-term technology, which, when completed, will continue to boost capacity-building. After this replenishment, the company will hold about 1.88% of the share in long-term technology.
Based on a strategic partnership between the two sides, Changjian technology opened up part of its capacity to provide a substitute for the company’s dram business.
In order to attract and retain excellence, the company’s directors, executives, managers, and core staff are fully motivated.
The Division issued a 2024 stock options incentive scheme to award a total of 6.781,400 shares to 45 directors, senior managers, managers, and core cadres, representing about 1.02% of the total corporate equity at the time of the draft incentive plan announcement, with a price of $59.18 per stock.
In the four fiscal years 2024-2027, performance evaluation parallels were conducted on an annual basis, and performance reviews 2024-2027 showed the distribution of stock options granted under the incentive plan among the incentive recipients in the allocation of options and the timing of the annual performance appraisals under the equity options 5204
II. Multi-product line layout through the cycle, 24q1 performance cut-off points to the industry still face the severe test of a slow recovery in demand, weak end-market demand, sharp drops in product prices, a downward trend in the prices of all product lines in the previous three quarters of the company, with multiple product lines close to or hit by the fourth quarter of the year
The relative warming of personal consumer goods around mobile phones and mobile phones has led to higher sales of company-related products, higher competitiveness of company lines, higher municipal rates, higher operating revenues of $1.627 billion, 21.32 per cent more than year-on-year growth, 19.10 per cent more ring-on growth, and higher net profits of the mother compared with the loss of profit.
The industry’s bottom-up cycle, with the company’s marketing priority strategy, has worked and many product lines have increased. The company’s main product lines now include storage devices, microcontrols, sensors, etc. In 2023, storage chip products were achieved. The expansion of the market share was the main business strategy, with noorflash making up 2,533 million innovations throughout the year.
16.15 per cent growth, with a significant increase in the volume of slcnandflash; significant expansion of the branded dram market, with a steady increase in the total number of clients handed over and a steady increase in the volume of ddr3l2gb, 4gb products; and a better growth in the volume of sensor products as the mobile phone market first warms back in 2023, with a better growth in the volume of goods delivered and a better market share
Sales increased by the same amount, ring by ring, mcu by year, sensor by year.
Profitability repairs, Māori ring growth by 3.61 ptt in the first quarter of 2024. Motivated by multiple factors, such as the 2023 company-produced art cut-off, product marketing structure optimization, dram price temperature and recovery and stock impairments; flatening of mcu product prices versus Māori ring ratio; benefits from lower costs and relatively higher light value added
In 2023, companies sold/managed/financial/researched 60 new authorized patents in 2023. In addition, companies owned 151 trademarks and 49 integrated circuits.
Figure, 46 software copyrights, and 12 non-soft copyright registrations. In 2023, the company was on the list of “National Intellectual Property Model Enterprises 2023” published by the National Authority for Intellectual Property Rights.
Since 2023, there has been a seasonal decline in company stock and a recovery in consumer-type demand in the first quarter of 2024.
The semiconductor industry will experience a strong recovery from the 2024, 2025 semiconductor industry market sizes, respectively, which are largely driven by logic and storage market sizes, which will grow by 76.8 per cent and 25.2 per cent to $163,153 million and $204,281 million, respectively, and are expected to create a new storage market size.
The storage industry goes up-to-date, with dram and nadflash growing for two consecutive quarters. According to the central consultancy, the price of the mainstream storage product contract has risen, thanks to the effects of the three primary plants' production reduction, while the power of the stocking has returned to heat as a result of year-end sales, and the global dram and nandflash quarterly harvest is five quarters away from the rate of change.
After that, it started to improve in the fourth quarter of 2023. 24q1nandflash, with a quarterly revenue of $14.71 billion, an increase of 70 per cent over the same period and a 28 per cent increase in the ring, mainly an increase in the use of enterprise-level ssd from February, while pc, smartphone customers, increased their stock levels due to rising prices.
Consumer end-order sales have grown less than expected, and clients have become conservative, but firm-level ssd orders have remained strong and are expected to drive up the business income of the second quarter by almost 10%. The 24q1dram main product contract prices have continued to rise, with an increase of 23q4, even in the three traditional low-season plants in the first quarter.
In the context of a decrease in the volume ring ratio and the weakening of downstream procurement, dram ' s revenues in the first quarter amounted to $18.35 billion, an increase of 93 per cent compared to the previous quarter and a growth of 5.1 per cent compared to the second quarter, where seasonal factors are expected to contribute to the increase in dram ' s volume ring ratio, as shown in figure 15 for global nadflash, dram ' s quarterly operating income and the same rate of change.
In late August of the year, prices began to rise, mainly as a result of the positive reduction in production in the former plant, with a combination of a strong e-consumption season, a warmer demand for supplies, and a growing demand for high-end storage. High-end storage products around artificial intelligence, arithmetic infrastructure are still in short supply, and are the main focus of the shift in the original plant’s energy resources, with a strong investment demand for the ai.
And it's the bottom of the original plant. According to the UC, Nandflash's contract price increased by about 23-28% in the first quarter of this year, and dram's contract price increased by about 20% in the second quarter, demand recovered, and the share of production by dram supplier Hbm increased further, causing suppliers to continue to increase prices.
The average price of the third quarter dram will continue to rise, with the price of the dram rising by 8-13%, with the traditional dram rising by 5-10%. Because of the link between the price of base-based storage products and the price of mainstream storage products, as the storage industry moves into the second half of the year, the price of the mainstream dram and Nanand has increased considerably, and after one or two quarters of transmission, in the case of
In the first quarter of 2024, the price of likidram has risen mildly, and the demand and prices of slcnand are about a quarter behind, and prices are expected to rise mildly in the future. Recent market booms have led to an increase in the Māori ratio of produce, and the company’s partially lost product lines have been reversed.
Figure 162024 Projected increase in contract prices for dram products in the second and third quarters of the year
. The storage chip can be divided into lossable memory chips (lost data after a power break) and non-lossible storage chips (not lost data after a power break). The lossable storage chip is common for drams and srams, usually used together with cpu, to provide cpu with the storage of intermediate data at the time of calculation. The non-lossy storage chip includes flash (twilight storage) and rom.
Flash consists of two categories: nadflash and norflash. Nandflash is suitable for large-volume data storage (usually at 1gb~1tb) and is often used for high-volume products such as servers, mobile phone flashes, disks, ssd and sd cards.norflash has features such as speed of reading, random storage, and chip-in execution.
Medium-capacity code storage (usually at 1m~1gb) with a wide range of applications, such as computers, consumer electronics (smart cell phones, tv, tws headphones, worn equipment), security equipment, car electronics (adas, window control, dashboards), 5g base stations, industrial controls (intelligent meters, mechanical controls) and object networking equipment.
The categories of flash that store chips in figure 17 include two major categories: nadflash and norflash. In chip functions, nandflash and norflash, which are the same flash chip, differ significantly from one another in their rationale and structure.
Nandflash has the characteristics of writing and wiping speed and high storage density, which are suitable for large-volume data storage.nor flash has the characteristics of reading speed and xip-in-chips, which are mostly used for medium-capacity code storage.nor flash chip execution of this feature allows cpu to read and store noorflash directly.
The application code must be read to the system ' s ram to run directly. Nandflash, however, requires the ram to match to complete the program ' s operation. The fast read feature of norflash makes its advantage in running the program even more obvious, especially for electronic devices with high requirements for start-up response time, reliability, etc., noor
Of the many memory chips, the largest markets are dram and nadflash, which, according to the ic insights, accounted for about 56% of the global dram market in 2021.
The market size is about 41 per cent of the entire storage market, the market size of the nonflash is about 2 per cent of the entire storage market, while the total share of other storage chips (eeprom, eprom, rom, sram, etc.) is 1 per cent.
The size of the noorflash market has grown strongly, with capr reaching 12.52% in 2024-2029. In the context of rapid advances in technology such as artificial intelligence, the functional complexity and performance of equipment such as noorflash downstream, smart cars, aiot, 5g, etc., will increase, driving the capacity, value and market size of noorflash.
According to mordorentelligence, the market size of the nonflash market in 2023 was estimated to be $3.11 billion, and the annual growth rate increased to $4.23 billion in 2029. Noorflash was widely applied to smart grids, electric machines, batteries, power control systems, smart cabins, adas, etc.
Rapidly, market size is projected to be $910 million in 2024, growing by 12.52% of cagr in 2024-2029, and the size of the noorflash market in 2029 will reach $1.64 billion. Large-scale plants have withdrawn from norflash concentration, and companies are the second-largest nonflash manufacturer in the world.
About 90% of the world’s noorflash markets were occupied by the top five manufacturers of magnanim, Wabang, Migwang, Seprath, and Monument Innovation in 2018. As the downswing of the business of neorflash in 2017 shifted its capacity to dram and nad flash, Sepras withdrew from the small- and medium-capacity noorflash market, focusing on the high capacity of Māori in the area of car use and engineering.
The market share of Light and Sepuras has been gradually reduced, the major market share of Noorflash has been taken up by Quantities, Wajumbang, Xuixu Innovation, and local manufacturers, the Pulse shares, the East kernel shares, and the Scintillation shares have joined the market. According to ic Insights, the global market share of noorflash cr3 sales in 2021 has increased further to 90.7%.
According to the company announcement, the web-feetresearch report shows that in 2023, the company's serialnorflash ranking was further elevated to slcnandflash, which was used mainly in areas of higher reliability.
Overseas manufacturers account for a higher market share. Nandflash can be divided into slc, mlc, tlc, and qlc by the number of bits per unit. 1/2/3/4 bits are stored in a unit called single layer units (slc)/multilayer units (mlc)/trilayer units (tlc)/four layers (qlc).
More information can be stored. More operation and reading can be done by increasing the density of the unit state, while the cost per bit is reduced; correspondingly, however, because of the narrow space between unit state, greater density reduces performance and the likelihood of reading error, thus reducing the lifetime of the device.
Slc>mlc>tlc>qlc, while also slc>mlc>tlc>qlc at the speed of reading and writing and in the useful life. Unlike the trend towards unit density in large-capacity storage products, slcnand is currently mainly applying related areas of high reliability requirements, such as 5g communications equipment, surveillance, wearable equipment, etc.
The company’s flash chip products include noorflash and slcnandflash, which are well-developed in car regulation. As global noorflash champions, the company norflash continues to be a leader in technology and markets.
A wide range of products, such as high capacity, high performance, high reliability, high safety, low power consumption and low voltage, small encapsulation, etc., tailored to different application market needs, with up to 16 capacity options, covering 512 kb to 2gb, four different voltage ranges and as many as 20 different encapsulation options, can satisfy different client applications for capacity and power.
The company’s product is slcnand, 38nm and 24nm, and is using 24nm as the main process, with capacity covering 1gb ~ 8gb, of which spinand
Flush achieves full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, motors, etc. In automobile applications, the company ' s gd25 product fully meets aec-q100 certification and gd55 ' s 2gb large-volume product has passed the certification. The company ' s spinorflash model product 2m~2gb capacity is fully lined, and the company ' s 38nm
Slcnandflash, with a standard product capacity of 1 gb~4gb, provides more opportunities to enter the car market. Corporate car regulations gd25/55spinorflash and gd5 kaflash have been widely used in smart pods, smart drivers, smart web links, new energy electric vehicles, and so on.
Electricity systems, etc., have accumulated more than 100 million shipments worldwide. In 2023, company car regulations, spinorflash, stabilized in high security requirements, such as a car bottom hanger system, signalling further validation of company car regulations, spi norflash.
The company is expected to reap its share of the market by storing the capacity of the giants to run out of the ddr3 market. The department has actively cut into the dram storage niche (consumption, industrial controls, etc.) and has introduced products such as ddr4, ddr3l, and has achieved better access to consumer electronics (including top-of-the-art boxes, television, smart homes, etc.), industry, network communications, etc.
By the end of 2023, ddr34gb and 2gb products had been produced on a large scale and would be delivered and collected in bulk by 2024. In 2024, the company would also be launching ddr48gb.
Products, which cover most of the niche market applications, are very small in size. The company will continue to develop lpddr4 products, and it is expected that by 2025, the company’s dram products will cover the main niche market demand and deliver a volume supply.
By the end of last year, sk Hercules transferred the ddr3 process to ddr4 for the continental tinless factory; light also significantly reduced the supply of ddr3 for the expansion of ddr5 and hbm capacity; in May this year, industry claimed that Samsung had informed customers that they would be in the second quarter.
As the storage giant exits the market, companies expect to take up more of the market share, replace national production, and increase their performance in the current boom.
mcu (microontrollerunit), a microcontrolr, also known as a single-discrete machine, is a chip-grade computer that appropriately reduces the frequency rate and specifications of the central processor and integrates it into a single chip, such as a memory, a timer/meter, i/o interface, various types of numbers and analogue external interfaces, and so on. mcu assumes system control, executes calculations, etc.
Core functions, such as the master-controlled chips that are widely used in electronics, have a wide range of applications. Mocu’s long-term demand remains strong, driven by the trend of automation and interconnection, with China’s mcu market being larger than the world’s medium- and long-term cagr. According to Yole, the global mcu market was about $22.9 billion in 2023.
In 2022-2028, the global market size of the mcu will grow at a compound annual average growth rate of 5.3 per cent, reaching $32 billion by 2028. According to mordorentelligence, the market size of China ' s mcu in 2023 is estimated at $7.05 billion, the market size is expected to reach $7.84 billion in 2024, an 11.21 per cent increase over the same period.
Figure 262019-2028 Global mcu market size (millions of United States dollars) Figure 27 China mcu market size (millions of United States dollars)
Yoy smart cards and safe mcu are the most available, but automobiles and industry are the two leading revenue drivers of the mcu. The mcu should have many markets downstream, including automobiles, industry, smart cards and safe mcu, consumer electronics, etc.
Medical care, etc. The most important driver of mcu ' s income, measured in terms of market sales in different downstream applications, was the car, which accounted for the first of the sales, 33% of the total sales in the car market in 2021, and 37% in 2022. The industrial market was the second largest application.
The second largest market for mcu, with personal information processing, consumption, automobiles, is also the downstream area in which the volume is higher. Figure 282021-2022 shows the share of downstream mcu sales.
2021-2022mcuarketrevenue (source: status: statusofthemicrocontrollerindustry2023, yoleinelligence, executive2023)
Industrialandother martcardandsecuremcu consumer
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this for a long time.
According to Yole, the top 10 sellers in the entire Mcu market in 2022 were British fliers, Risa, Ngi Pu, Ibi semiconductors, micro-chip semiconductors, Texas instruments, Samsung Electronics, New Tang Technology, siliconlabs, and Chinese half-conductors.
The three companies, E.F.A., R.R. and E.N.J.P., each ranked in the top three by 18 per cent, followed by 15.5 per cent and 12 per cent market shares for the I.A. semiconductor and microchip semiconductor, respectively, with a 6.5 per cent market share for Texas instruments and a combined 81.5 per cent market share for the global mcu market for the six overseas manufacturers mentioned above.
Figure 2022 Toptenoverallmcuturevenueshare (source: microcontroller(mcu) markitmonitorq 22023, yoleentelligence, june 2023)
Depending on the context of the application, mcu can usually be classified as consumer, industrial, and car regulations, and the different categories of mcu vary considerably in terms of product technical indicators, certification requirements, etc., depending on the characteristics of the work environment.
The car chip, in addition to the higher requirements for product technical indicators, is required to meet the system recognition requirements of the automobile industry, i.e. the end-of-service manufacturer’s threshold for electronic parts and components of cars.
As a rule, the certification system for car chips consists mainly of aec-q100 reliability certification, iatf16949 Quality Management System certification and Iso2662 functional security certification for vehicles, which is complex and process-length, with mcu divided by digits into four, eight, 16 and 32 places.
cpu handles the width of binary data each time, the higher the number of mcu, the greater the ability to calculate and support the storage space, the greater the ability to adapt to complex application scenarios. 32 bits of mcu, with its high computing capacity, can meet the needs of most applications and dominate the market.
With the development of new applications, such as auto electricization, industry 4.0 and marginalai, opportunities for industrial upgrading have emerged, and Mcu, which pursues higher performance, has become an industry trend. In particular, in the communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, automobiles, etc.
After that, the high computing rate and complex ai algorithm demand gave further impetus to semiconductor manufacturers to deploy ultra-high performance product lines, and against this background, 32-digit mcu accounted for an important share of exports, the same volume of shipments grew at a much higher rate than the other digits, and market shares continued to rise.
Figure 33 shows the projected volume (millions) of the Mcu market in different digits as the demand for terminal applications continues to rise and the price and cost of 32 mcu is being optimized. According to Omdia, 2022, 32 mcu in the global market
The market share, which is 58.3 per cent, is expected to continue to grow at 6.6 per cent cagr in 2022-2027. For China ' s mcu market, 32 mcu held 57.1 per cent of the market share in 2022 and is expected to grow at 7.9 per cent cagr in 2022-2027, higher than China ' s combined mcu growth rate overall.
Automobile electronics is the most important application area in China ' s 32-digit mcu market, with automobiles accounting for 40 per cent of the market share in 2022, while other major downstream applications, computing and data storage, consumer electronics and industrial electronics, account for 19 per cent, 17 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively.
The 32-bit mcu is used mainly for body and comfort equipment, xev systems, and chassis and security. The breakdown is 32 mcu in specific applications of car electronics, body and comfort equipment, chassis and safety applications, and power systems are the traditional areas of mcu applications, accounting for 27 per cent, 16 per cent and 6 per cent, respectively.
The second-largest segment of the market, at 26%, is an increase in the xev system due to carbon emission targets set around the world. Bms, straight-flow converters and vehicle chargers require mcu to manage operations and communicate with other modules. At the same time, modern cars require more sensors to autopilot, upgrade equipment in the information and entertainment field, etc., and so on.
The endmcu offers a broad market outlook, and the size of the mcu market for adas and information entertainment systems continues to rise, with 32-bit mccu in 2022 accounting for 11 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, of the adas and information entertainment systems.
Figure 37202 Chinese Car Code 32-bit mcu application ratio The car code mcu usage has increased with car intelligence, and the global car regulation mcu market in 2029 is worth more than RMB 100 billion.
The electron systems of cars, such as the chassis system and the auxiliary driving system, contain several ecus, and each ecu requires at least one mcu to perform computing and control functions, so that the mcu usage per car varies according to the number of ecu.
In the US$ billion, a growth rate of 8.92% of cagr is expected in 2024-2029, and its market size is expected to increase in 2029. Thirty-two mcu-led companies in the country are well developed. According to company announcements, the company is the 32nd most important supplier of Chinese products.
The world is ranked 7th in the mcu market, and is also the 32nd-mcu supplier in China's automotive and industrial fields. Quick innovation continues to evolve into the location and content of the “mcu department store.” The company's gd32mcu product has successfully produced 46 product series, more than 600 mcu products, and has achieved universal access.
Low-cost, high-performance, low-capacity, wireless connectivity, etc., are all over the mainstream. Advanced overseas manufacturers have a pre-eminence, with the world’s top and second international producers owning thousands of sizes, and companies still have a gap in product abundance.
The market for mcu is large, with companies now accounting for only 1-2% of the world’s markets, and there is still much room for growth.
In 2023, Gd32a503 series Mcu product market expansion progressed steadily, and the gd32a490 series was launched.
Gd32a series mcu currently provides 4 types of encapsulations of 10 models that provide mainstream development options for multiple Electrified car scenes such as body control, vehicle lighting, smart cabins, auxiliary driving and electrical power sources.
Figure 40gd32a490 series cortex-m4 nucleic class mcu 41gd32a490 series mix gd32a490
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
In 2019, the company acquired the world's leading capacitor touch chip and fingerprint recognition chip, completing the layout of the sensor module, entering the field of smart terminal sensor soc chip and human machine interaction.
The company’s sensor operations include contact chip, fingerprint recognition chip, which has a wide range of applications in the lcd tentacle, capacitation fingerprint, optical fingerprint market. The company’s touch chip consists of two broad categories of self-inflicted and interactive products, including mobile phones, tablets, and smart homes, etc.
In the field, there are nearly a hundred million annual shipments. The company's touch chip supports toto's big resistance, single layers, and super-narrow border functions, which are widely applied to the ogs touch screen; the number of product channels can range from a minimum of 26 to a maximum of 72, while the screen size is fully covered from 1 to 20 inches.
The company's fingerprint chips, which include capacitor fingerprints, lenses on the olid screen, etc., have over the years become market mainstream programmers in various flagship, high, middle-level smartphone commercial pre/replace/side capacitors and optical programs. The company finger chips provide 8*8 mm to smaller embedded capacitor programs for smart door locks, and supply and power to laptops.
Storage products: semiconductors and storage markets entered the upper cycle in 2024, and the demand for and price of mainstream products are expected to lead to higher prices for corporate-based storage products.
Given the company’s continued expansion of its operations and the city’s dominance, the public mccu product: the company is constantly evolving into the location and content of the “mcu department store”, in the car code and in the home electricity collar.
The price of the mcu product has been set down, and we expect the company's 2024-2026 mcu product to be operating sensor products: thanks to increased R & D inputs, lower product costs, optimized product structure, higher value added, relatively higher sales of optical products, and we expect the company's revenue from the 2024-2026 sensor product operating.
The business performance of integrated circuit design firms is largely influenced by fluctuations in the market demand for end-products, and if downstream demand recovers less than expected, there will be a risk of volatility in the company’s performance. Integrated circuits and electronic products will be upgraded quickly, new technologies will be developed in a timely manner, and new products will be introduced as integrated circuit designs.
Because of the complexity of the company’s products, there may be a risk that some of the key technologies in the R&D process will fail to break through, or that product performance, parameters, good rates, etc. will not meet market needs. If the company’s R&D cycle is too long, R&D will not adapt to market demands, there may be a risk that the product will just be launched.
Risk of being eliminated. 3. Risk of attracting talent and maintaining innovation as an integrated circuit design enterprise, with a stable high-quality management and technical team, and maintaining industry leadership over companies
The domestic chip design industry is growing rapidly, and firms compete very hard for these talent. If companies fail to develop good talent incentives, or if human resources management fails to adapt to fast-growing needs, they face a loss of core talent, and it is difficult to attract talented people to join forces, which results in companies not being able to do so.
Chief: Xiaojun Zhao’s 16-year experience in the electronics and communications industry, has worked in many international branding terminals such as Hua, Alibaba, Motorola, Fujican, and has been responsible for research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc.
This report has been prepared by Sino-China Securities Co. Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent, issued, issued, or sent for any purpose.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.