U.S. Bank of Commerce and Industry (601398.sh)
Large retailing strategy performed well; awaiting confirmation of improvement in asset quality Long-term competitiveness rating: equal to industry average Company base (RMK)
The “big retail” strategy has performed well, and the number of customers and profit contributions have continued to rise: in recent years, the industrial sector has continued to promote large retail strategies, finely developed in the area of retail finance, well-performing retail operations, and the main indicators of retail customers' total financial assets, individual loan balances, profit contributions from retail operations, etc. are kept in the rows.
By the end of June 2016, the Bank had managed personal financial assets totalling 12.09 trillion yuan, an increase of 4.1 per cent from the beginning of the year; the balance of individual loans at the end of the three quarters was 4.03 trillion yuan, an increase of 14 per cent from the beginning of the year, or 31 per cent of the total.
The industry’s domestic channels + client advantage are evident, while the industry has a large number of middle- and high-end clients, a fast-growing credit card industry, and its credit card volume, turnover, and loan balances remain at the forefront. Internet finance is at the forefront: in 2014, the industry has continuously published e-icbc and promoted Internet brands.
Level development strategy, e-icbc Internet brands include mainly the “three platforms plus three product lines”, of which the three platforms include the “e-purchase” power company platform, the “e-link” instant communication platform and the “e-line” direct distribution banking platform; the platform-led “three product lines” relate to payments, financing, investment
Internet finance is in the forefront of all three functions. Three quarters of bad rates rebound, and the set-up target is below regulatory levels: the ratio of overdue loans to non-performing loans is on the rise at the end of the third quarter of 2016, and the ratio of overdue loans to non-performing loans is on the rise.
By the end of September 2016, the industry had allocated coverage to Liu Zhiping to continue promoting a large retail strategy that was well developed in the area of retail finance, with excellent retail performances, and client money.
The main indicators, such as total financing output, individual loan balances, and profit contributions from retail operations, remain high on the labels. In addition, the industry is actively setting up Internet finance, which is “three platforms plus three product lines”, and Internet finance is at the forefront of the industry. We believe that the quality of the company’s assets will be accepted by the start of the fourth quarter.
The gradual recovery of profits for the enterprise as a whole has improved, but considering that both the company’s coverage and the loan allocation ratio are below regulatory targets, there is greater pressure to make provision in the future. We give companies an investment rating that is temporarily increased.
In recent years, businesses and banks have continued to promote large-scale retailing, and have done well in retail finance.
The main indicators, such as total retail customer financial assets, individual loan balances, profit contributions from retail operations, etc., remain high in the labels. As of the end of June 2016, the total amount of personal financial assets managed by the unions was 12.09 trillion, with 4.1% more than at the beginning of the year, and 512 million more individual clients, compared to the beginning of the year.
In the case of individual lending operations, the employer has been focusing on individual housing loans, and has continued to increase individual loans. As of the end of September 2016, the individual loan balance stood at RMB 4.03 trillion, an increase of 14% from the beginning of the year, or 31% of the total.
As of the end of 2016, the balance of personal deposits was $7.89 trillion, or 3.8 per cent more than at the beginning of the year, and the employer's income and profits from personal operations were high in the four main lines (only the net profit on personal business was lower than in the same period).
The industry’s domestic channels + customer advantages are evident, while the industry has a large number of mid-to-high-end clients, driving the credit card business to fast-track.
Number of cards: 117.7 million; ring: 8.2 per cent more than at the beginning of the year; first half of the year, turnover: 1.4 trillion yuan, same year.
The industry’s Internet finance is at the forefront of the industry – and the Internet finance business continues to grow rapidly. In 2014, it published successive e-icbc Internet cards and upgrading development strategies, with the e-icbc Internet brand mainly comprising three platforms plus three product lines.
Among them, three platforms include the “e-purchase” power provider platform, the “e-coup” instantaneous communications platform and the “e-line” direct sales banking platform: the platform-based “three product lines” involve payments, financing, and investment. The “e-purchase” platform accumulated transactions of $681.4 billion in the first half of 2016.
At the end of June 2016, there were nearly 30 million registered clients in the Federation, with 215 million mobile clients: in the first half of the year, the amount of the transaction was over 200 million yuan, the amount of the transaction in the capital was over 300 billion yuan and the balance of the financing of the network was over 600 billion yuan at the end of June.
Internet finance surged. Three quarters rebounded in bad rates, provision targets fell below regulatory levels  Companies rebounded in bad rates by the end of the third quarter of 2016, and asset quality pressure was high: work in the second quarter of 2016
A double drop was achieved in bad terms, but the downward trend did not continue in the last three quarters, with a negative ring ranging from 7bps to 1.62% higher than at the end of the last quarter. In addition, the ratio of interest-group loans increased continuously in the third quarter, with the ratio of overdue loans to non-performing loans rising for more than 90 days.
At the end of the month, the industry provided 136 per cent coverage, with a loan of 2.21 per cent, both below the regulatory target, and there is greater pressure to make provision in the future.
Figure 17: The proportion of loans of concern to the Bank continues to rise Figure 18: The ratio of loans over 90 days overdue to non-performing loans is in the top line figure 19: 3-quarter rebound in the rate of non-performing loans generated by the Bank
Figure 21: Corporate provision coverage and loan allocation ratios are below regulatory requirements. Large retail strategies are promoted on an ongoing basis, and retail operations perform well in the area of retail finance. Key indicators such as total customer financial assets, individual loan balances, profit contributions from retail operations are being matched
In addition, the industry has been active in setting up Internet finance, with three platforms plus three product lines, and Internet finance at the forefront of the industry. We believe that the quality of the company's assets, which started in the fourth quarter, or the gradual recovery of the profits of the enterprise as a whole, will improve, but consider the company's contribution.
Both the build-up rate and the loan allocation ratio are below the regulatory target, and there is greater pressure to make provision in the future. We give companies a temporary downswing of the economy, credit risk, market systemic risk, corporate business risk, etc.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.