Events of 25 August 2020: Poly Property (600048) published its mid-2020 report, which generated revenue of 73.706 billion yuan.
In the first half of 2020, the company was relatively active and the resource structure was optimized. In the first half of the year, 44 outreach projects were added.
The volume rate was 984 million square metres, with an expansion cost of $82 billion, which was 19 per cent and 54 per cent higher than last year, respectively. Of the new resource structure, 38 core cities accounted for 86 per cent, an increase of 7 percentage points over the previous year.
At the same time, access to high-quality projects through diversified outreach, such as industrial cooperation, old transformations, and acquisitions, effectively controlled land extension costs. At the end of the period, companies had 13.448 million square metres in construction and 67.27 million square metres in development, of which 38 core cities accounted for 58 per cent of project resources.
Two-wing business development ideals, increasing the profitability of scale. Building on the robustness of the real estate development industry, firms’ two-wing industries accelerate the shaping of core business capabilities, market-based operations, and entrepreneurial capabilities.
At the end of the period, the Polytechnic industry had a management area of 317 million square metres, a contract area of 493 million square metres and 1647 property management contracts. The revenue earned during the period was $3.601 billion, an increase of 27.6 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $411 million, an increase of 28.0 per cent over the same period.
The company has 2.87 million square metres of commercial management, which covers shopping malls, hotels, fairs, apartments, etc., and produces brands and exports in light asset mode.
In the area of real estate finance, companies manage more than $130 billion in size, of which more than ISFs are represented.
Second, China's Real Estate Fund is rated as “10 strong.” The level of indebtedness is reasonable, and the cost of financing is competitive. As a leading real estate firm, companies are structured around bank credit, equity financing, direct debt financing, securitization of assets, etc.
A system of meta-financing with the ability to access funds quickly and fully in different market environments. Thanks to its credit advantages, major financial institutions have received sufficient letters of credit, with company bank loans totalling $523 billion at the end of the period, leaving an unused balance of $23.85 billion and an undistributed corporate debt.
The rating system's “market index” is referred to by 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude and independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.