The company published its semi-annual report for 2020: 73.71 billion yuan in operating income during the reporting period.
This is 3.6 per cent over the 3.6 per cent increase; 1.0121 billion yuan over the 1.66 per cent increase over the 1.66 per cent increase over the previous year; and a steady growth in corporate resilience during the epidemic. Income from business in the first half of 2020, net profits from the parent company grew by 3.6 per cent and 1.66 per cent, respectively.
The combination of two factors has led to a narrow growth in corporate performance. As the number of collaborative projects has increased and continues into the project rollover period, the company has achieved investment returns of $2.1006 billion, a significant increase of 139 per cent over the same period. The public sector ' s advance payments + total contractual liabilities of 34.46.48 per cent, an increase of 4.84 per cent over the end of 2019, with a continuous release of performance.
During the first half of 2020, the impact of the epidemic was compounded by the country's “householdless” macro-regulations, with industry growing at a rate of RMB/m2, an increase of RMB 259/m2 compared to late 2019.
The city's sales contribution reached 76%, with sales from the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle exceeding 55 billion yuan, or 28% and 25% respectively.
Over $26 billion and over $15 billion in Foshan. During the reporting period, there were 44 company outreach projects with an additional volume of 984 million square metres, with an expansion cost of $82 billion, and the area of expansion and the amount of it was more than the same period last year.
The average floor price is $7694 per square metre, 51.1 per cent of the average market price for the same period, and the number 6 tax-free company in Fukuda is 86 per cent, an increase of 7 percentage points from last year, with a 22 per cent premium on corporate outreach, compared with last year.
China’s (Sichuan) free-trade experiment has helped to optimize the debt structure and overall debt costs on a sustainable basis.
At the end of the reporting period, corporate bank loan awards continued to grow, and property grew rapidly, making it a priority to grow performance during the epidemic.
In the first half of 2020, the Poly Property Industry had 317 million square metres of management area, an increase of 10.45 per cent over the late 2019s, 493 million square metres of contract area, and 1647 property management contracts. The Chinese Index Institute had achieved business gains during the reporting period.
Third in the world, one of the companies that moved forward at the end of the year, and the first of the company’s largest. During the epidemic, the Pavli Industries responded positively, developing an integrated disease management system that effectively secures the lives of the community and owners, becomes a new business card for the company, and brings new performance growth points for the company.
In the case of real estate finance, companies manage more than 130 billion yuan, of which the letter is a letter.
The insurance fund has been rated as “China Real Estate Fund 10” on several occasions. Multi-operative Resonance Support Corporation Real Estate Ecologics recommends that the company be well-stocked and well-placed. Performance has grown steadily, and company development has remained resilient during the epidemic. Cost structures have been optimized, net debt ratios and financing costs are low in the industry.
Rapid growth is expected to bring new growth points to the company’s performance. We expect the company’s 2020-2022 ps to be sold and not finished as expected.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business agreement with it, and it does not have proper responsibility.
Our clients receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person who obtained the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.