Good sales performance in August, increasing the speed of land acquisition - August 2020, performance evaluation of Paulie Property (600048).
In August, the amount and size of the company's sales increased considerably, and at a relatively high base last year, the company was able to achieve a substantial increase in prices, reflecting the company's excellent ability to sell and manage. Given the arrival of the traditional "Golden 10" sales season, the company as a whole was pushed in three or four quarters.
The pace of performance is likely to accelerate, and the pace of performance is likely to accelerate, with the company taking a more active position in August, with 19 new real-estate projects, six of which are in the south of the country and six in the south of the country.
Four in the north, two in the east, three in the south-west, three in the centre and one in the north-east. In August, the company took the ownership of a plot of land in the second-line city, with the largest number of new projects in Guangdong, up to five. The new project covers 15,862 million square metres, the planned volume is 3,583 million square metres, and the total value of the new land is 22,269 million yuan;
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, with a total land value of $12.1221 billion, with a total land area of 6.2774 million square metres, 15.769 million square metres, and 1,000 square miles of Shanghai, China, China and China.
The average price was $6087.25 per square metre, an increase of $2585 per square metre over the previous month, mainly in July, the company's collections in the three or four main cities, with lower land prices.
Land concessions are higher. In August, the firm invested 50.72% (total land prices/value of sales) and the China (Sichuan) free trade experiment grew by 12 percentage points and was in the process of incremental expansion.
The equity investment is 24.35 per cent in the city's high-rises highway, and the investment proposal is that the company's sales in August will be good, the speed of the land will increase and the second line will be deep.
Heart City. The company's pace of push is likely to accelerate in the second half of the year, and performance can be released. We expect the company to double and maintain an “uptake” rating.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is used by its customers. The company is not treated as a client by the recipient of the report, and has no direct business agreement with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments. These views, recommendations and recommendations do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person who obtained the report, and do not constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client at any time.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.