The first three or the first five, Paulie Care?
How did he grow far beyond China's overseas development and China's land?
Does it make sense to be strong, stuck in the fourth or fifth rank?
It doesn't matter how much energy is invested in the battle of scale, believing that the future real estate industry will not only be a hero on the scale. At this point, the question that business should think about is how to make it stronger, and how to go beyond the scale.
(b) Improving service capacity and branding consistency;
To improve product quality and influence; To take advantage of the advantages of scale and develop ecospheres beyond scale.
Among the many real-estate housing companies, the family has characteristics and advantages. What is the public’s perception of Paulie’s development?
The state has no right to influence...this is probably the most important feature of Paulie’s development.
In this important role, the topic of whether Paulie's development can be returned to the industry of Top4 is constantly evolving, and for the size of the sale, which is close to $500 billion, the position of the industry is quite solid. Is it meaningful to be in the fourth or fifth place?
At a certain high point, it is not important to invest too much resources and energy in the pursuit of scale, believing that the future real estate industry will not only be a hero in terms of size. At this point, it is more important for businesses to think about how to make size stronger, and how to build core strengths beyond scale more efficiently using their own ingenuity.
(c) Improving product quality and impact;
By taking advantage of the size of the environment, it develops an ecosphere beyond its size. 1.1top10, a feature of Guangzhou, unlike many fast-growing housing companies in recent years, Paulie's growth path is on track, with no single point in time.
In the case of the outbreak, when other firms have not yet built up their initial build-up, Paulie's development has begun to thrive, and when others have, it has already settled and outpaced. In the light of Paulie's trends in sales performance over the years, performance growth has generally declined, with a peak in performance growth.
In 2009, the 100-billion-dollar threshold was reached in 2012. By 2019, it was 461.8 billion yuan in sales.
Hill, Wuhan, Chengdu, Nanjing, Shanghai, Chongqing, Hangzhou, and Heung Yu, the nine cities with single city sales performances of $10 billion, rose to 12 billion in 2018, with Guangzhou contracting $40 billion, Foshan, Beijing over $25 billion, Dong-kyung and Nakayama breaking 10 billion for the first time, with an incomparable advantage in South China and Guangzhou. The city signed in 2019.
Over $20 billion in Foshan, Wuhan, Beijing, over $10 billion in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Chongqing, Qingdao, Chengdu, Fuzhou, Xian, Sanya, Nanjing, and the core cities have achieved significant results in deep-deeping. 1.2 return rates remain high and quality of sales is assured.
For enterprises, growth in sales performance alone is far from sufficient, so when we evaluate the quality of an enterprise's performance, the high return rate and the low rate of return will affect the future development of an enterprise, and if the performance of an enterprise in sales is growing faster but the return is not promising, there will be some constraints on enterprise development to a greater or lesser extent, especially in the context of a tight financing environment and difficulties in financing it.
At a time of expansion, businesses may be under pressure from a certain financial chain. Paulie’s growth in the quality of sales performance has kept the repayment and repayment rates at a good level, with a recovery rate of over 80 per cent over the years, an average of 90 per cent between 2008 and 2019, a high 99 per cent in 2015 and a total return rate of 2019
The return rate rose by 5 percentage points to 93 per cent over the same period of 431.2 billion yuan, and such an efficient return would undoubtedly add to the growth of the enterprise. Chart: How profitable is the development of the Paoli Development Return and the return rate for 2008-2019?
Businesses tend to lose their profits to a certain extent at the same time as they grow rapidly. The net profit margin of the three firms is slightly lower than that of China’s overseas development, China’s luxuries, or the sacrifices made by the faster growth in the scale of the development of the firm, but it is more profitable than other large-scale housing companies.
The rate of lubricant is not at an absolute low level. If you look at the net profit ratio attributed to the parent company’s shareholders versus the owner’s interest in the parent company’s shareholders, it is clear that both indicators remain on the same downward trend, while the parent’s interest ratio declines faster, and the mother’s net profit is on the way to 2018.
The ratio fell to 72 per cent and the ratio of interest to the parent owner fell to 62 per cent; moreover, the ratio of net profit to the parent was significantly higher than the ratio of interest to the parent owner, indicating that the parent company had a higher interest in high-profit projects, that the parent company was more profitable in operating projects, that the firm had achieved significant investment returns on non-consolidated projects, and that the firm had not sacrificed its investment to achieve rapid growth in size.
Pauly's development, China's development abroad, China's development abroad, and its similar genes, as well as its inherent advantages, including the advantages of financing, the advantages of resources, which are difficult for other homeowners...but in the future, the models of enterprise development.
In addition to other operations, Paulie's development is far ahead in terms of size than the other two, and we believe that this may be due to a combination of resource integration and efficiency: (1) the relative focus of energy and resources, with a higher share of real estate business.
In China's two-wheel-drive strategy, the development of goods is parallel to the investment industry, which necessarily requires the enterprise to devote some of its resources and energy to it, and which inevitably squeezes the investment.
At the income end, there is a gap in the contribution of the development of real estate in Pavli and the development of HNL, where the contribution of both real estate sales is more than 94 per cent, while the income contribution of the development industry in HNLN is 90 per cent, compared with 87 per cent in 2018.
(ii) The high percentage of cooperation, the understanding that it was previously taken advantage of, that inter-firm cooperation was a consensus in the industry, and that one of the reasons for the faster growth in the size of Paulie's development capital was that it was sustained, and that the ratio of its investments in previous years and the rights and interests attributed to the shareholders of the parent company showed that it was developing in the same way as it was in the case of the parent company.
China’s overseas development has fewer cooperative projects, with more than 90% of the benefits, and China’s land has some kind of cooperative development, but the overall share is higher than the share of Pavvy, with an average of more than 80%. As a result, the size of the unit’s funds for Pavlé development is higher than the size of the funds.
Chart: Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders ' Shareholders
And Paulie's military background allows for the integration of the culture of the general brigade into corporate management, and the management mechanisms are more flexible in science, with more or less enforcement, as well as the continuous development of the enterprise incentive system, the launch of the contributory system in 2017, the combination of equity incentives and projects, the harmonization of corporate goals with individual goals, the maximization of subjectivity, and the enhancement of team cohesion.
Investment policies are positive and strong. Investment strategy decisions will determine the enterprise’s claims and direction in terms of its size.
By 2019, the average sales ratio was 184% high, and the core cities had long been surrounded by the Sea, the Long Triangle, the Triad, and deep-deep farming. The net debt ratios of the three enterprises showed that the net debt ratios of Paulie were higher than those of the other two firms.
Positive investment is inextricably linked, which does not mean that there is a higher risk of development in Paulie, but more likely that it is more efficient to use funds, and that China’s overseas development and China’s luxuries still have much scope for leverage expansion. What is the meaning of industry IV or V?
As to whether Paulie's going back to the industry to Top4, there's always a debate in the industry about whether Paulie's going back to the industry, and now he's going up to $500 billion, so what's the fourth or fifth order of scale at this high point?
(1) From the financial point of view, it is not bad money. Although the favourable context for Paulie’s development has given him a financial and resource-based advantage, it is not just that single factor that Paul’s financial advantage is due to the quality of his return, which is one of the reasons why he is safe. Even if the real estate sector is hit by uncertainty, the sales end is clearly affected, and the enterprise’s capital end is the same.
Probably safe, unlikely to be exposed to financial pressures, and more likely to rise up in reverse because of the imperfectness of the industry. (2) The scale is high, and the benefits of re-elevation may not be high.
The positive feedback that scaling up can bring to firms, such as reduced difficulty in financing, declining cost of financing, pooling of resources, attraction of partners, etc. And for Paulie's development, the scale is already at the established level, the positive benefits are relatively limited, and the debt ratios are low in the industry, and the problem of financing is unlikely to arise in firms.
Yes. Because of Paulie’s own strengths and its good use of its strengths, it is not so difficult to attract a pool of resources and to choose partners, even if there are difficulties with investment layouts or new cities, but it is not so difficult to solve the dilemma by working together.
3.2 The challenge is not of scale, but beyond it, for the current development of Paulie, the risk or challenge is not whether the scale will reach totop4, for the enterprise at present.
The advantages and defaults are not difficult for an enterprise to achieve even the sales performance of Top4. The impact of an enterprise depends on whether it is phased or long-term, depending on the degree to which it has a core competitive advantage at different stages of industry development, which allows an enterprise to make a transition to a difficult phase, even if the external environment is unfavourable to the enterprise.
Today, the biggest challenge to Paulie’s development lies in going beyond scale and deepening its core strengths, rather than being a key label for business to distinguish between peers, while making more efficient use of its own background advantages to foster long-term competitiveness. (1) Growing cities at the right time to renew their operations and build competitiveness.
For Paulie’s development, it is enough to maintain the advantages of the current size, without spending much effort on re-elevating the industry’s rankings. To sustain sustainable development in the real estate sector, building up capacity or focusing on the work of stock assets, for example, in cities.
New team: maximizing the use of its strengths to access the resources of the Urban Renewal Project; strengthening collaboration with businesses with advantages and experience in the area of urban renewal, learning about the operation and operation of the Urban Renewal Project, etc. (2) improving service capacity and branding sticky. As consumption habits change, service quality becomes a consumer.
One of the main reference indicators for decision-making. The demand for services will be a long-term trend, and the future focus of the enterprise will be on upgrading its capacity and quality of service, enhancing its own branding and fostering long-term competitive advantages.
For Paulie to be able to continue his career within the industry, it must be the firm’s priority to enhance the impact of the product. If there are quality problems, the firm will have to do so.
It is difficult to absorb the negative effects on firms of severe damage and product quality problems in the short term. (4) Use the advantages of scale to foster ecclesiastical circles beyond scale. We also see that currently Paulie's development is heavily dependent on real estate development, that other operations have not yet developed significant scale advantages, and that enterprises have not been able to make a significant difference from real estate development.
Moreover, the peak of the size phase means that the enterprise has assembled a wealth of resources, so the focus at this point is on exploring the possibility of exploiting the advantages of its own size, either beyond the property or through the vertical chain of the property, to create an ecosphere beyond the size of the property and to reduce the firm's dependence on the development of the property.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of avenues such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee that the information contained is fully accurate and complete.
Complete. For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the hundreds of millions of Han think tanks are subject to change without special notice. The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to the business situation.
An opinion does not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual. Any body or individual should consider whether any of the observations or recommendations in this report is in its particular state and, if necessary, should seek expert advice. The information, tools, opinions contained in this report and the property rights in this report are in the possession of the Ghim think tank. A body or person other than the Ghren think tank transmits or quotes any part of this report.