There is still pressure to return to the first three branches of the industry, and the first half of 2020 was 73,677 million yuan, an increase of 3.59 per cent over the previous year.
22,453 million yuan, a 11.11% decline in comparison, is the fourth largest in the industry. With significant financing during the first half of 2020, LMS is also active in the core second-line field, with sufficient “ammunition” reserves for the future of the company.
But the company’s current land reserves are slightly thin compared to other head houses, and the road back to the first three is still rough.
I, the city's deep farming performance, and the ability of the money to return to the cage has increased further.
As a result of the new coronary epidemic, Paulie's development sales in the first half of 2020 amounted to $22,436 million, a decrease of 11.11 per cent in the same year. One quarter of the epidemic had a greater impact on companies, with 35.24 per cent of the contract amount falling in the same year. With the resumption of work after the second quarter, although sales performance declined as a result of the epidemic, the development of Paulie was also significant in terms of property sales.
The first is the robust performance of urban deep-farming. The sales of the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle have grown by more than $55 billion. Of this amount, Guangzhou has achieved sales of more than $26 billion, Foshan more than $15 billion, Hangzhou, Nanjing, and Super Corporations have strengthened their management of operating cash flows, increased their incentives, and achieved a cumulative return of sales of more than $20.23 billion.
90.1 per cent, an increase of 4.1 percentage points over the same period, further enhancing the ability to return sales, a decrease of 4.03 percentage points from 39.75 per cent in the same period in 2019. The decline in the gross profit margin is due mainly to the increase in the cost of carrying forwards as a result of the scale and structure of the carry-over.
The cost rates were 2.52 per cent and 2.56 per cent, respectively, which were almost equal over the same period in 2019, and net profit on the first half of 2020, which was $13.322 billion in net profit, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the number of cooperative corporate projects and their continued entry into the project carry-over period, resulting in an increase in investment returns.
In the first half of 2020, Paulie developed dynamically replenished land resources based on sales of cages and resource reserves. In the first half of 2020, 44 new land reserves were added, with a volume of 984 million square metres and a total land investment of 82 billion yuan, respectively.
This represents an increase of 19.13 per cent and 53.85 per cent over the same period.In terms of regional distribution, Paulie's development adheres to the strategy of “centres + urban clusters”, with new land reserves being further concentrated in 38 core cities. 38 core cities received 86 per cent of land in the first half of 2020, compared to the same period in 2019.
In the first half of 2020, the average floor price for Paulie's development was higher than in the same period in 2019, mainly because of the fact that 38 of the projects were located in the core second-line cities, including high-quality plots in Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Fuzhou, etc. In April, Paulie developed high-quality plots in the heart of the city's drums, which cost up to $27,998/square.
In the first half of the year, the average price of floors/sales for additional projects developed in Paulie was 0.55, with low soil storage risks. By the end of June 2020, the company had accumulated a total land reserve of 67.27 million square metres, with a residual ratio of 2.25 square metres.
The downward trend. Compared to other top-ranked housing firms, land reserves are slightly thin, and there may be some pressure on firms to scale up and rank their businesses.
In the first half of 2020, Paulie seized market interest rate window financing, issuing cumulatively $4 billion in corporate bonds and $4.5 billion in medium-term instruments to reserve long-term development finance, leading to an increase in both the size of the company ' s interest-bearing debt and the net debt ratio. By 2020, it helped to generate external financing at low cost to the enterprise.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.