Poly Property (600048): Qualified students with a long-line perspective, with a cumulative increase in sales expected in August.
The company is a large group of firms focused on real estate development and marketing, with national-level real estate development funds and a fast-tracking of the company’s six-monthly performance. We rate the company’s operations and performance in the first half of the year as follows:
Qualitative. During more than 20 years of professional development, the company developed a commodity-based residential development and business start-up, cumulatively growing at the same rate or improving in August, with a steady increase in sales throughout the year. By July 2020, the company was able to grow.
Accompanied by a comprehensive development capability; 18,145 million square metres of sales under “goodness for the people”, a 0.5 per cent decline in the same year; and a contract of $27,31.5 billion to cover bead triangles, long triangles, Circumpolar seas, etc., as a value concept
The quality of the settlement resources is high, and the return net profit ratio is equal. With the completion of the previous high Māori project, the industry ' s Māori rate is moving down as a whole, with the company ' s Māori ratio of 35.7 per cent in the first half of the year, a decline of 4 pct in the same year.
However, the net profit on corporate equity remained at a high level of 13.7 per cent, with no significant downsides, mainly as a result of (1) the decline in corporate financial costs associated with the downside of the company ' s weighted financing costs; and (2) our expectation that corporate revenue will continue to grow at a higher rate throughout the year with the cooperation.
In the first six months of the year, the company was in 38 central cities with a circulation b/h (million shares) of 86% of the city’s growth, up by 7 pct. The company insisted on investing in “central cities + urban clusters”
By the end of the first half of the year, the company had built up a total of 200 million earth reserves pending development, of which 38 core cities accounted for 58%, and the earth storage was of good quality. The first half of the year saw a slight increase in leverage, but leverage and financing costs remained low.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the cumulative sales growth rate is expected to improve in August, with a long-line view of high-quality students.
During the reporting period, operating income was 3.6 billion yuan, an increase of 27.6 per cent and a net profit of 410 million yuan, an increase of 28.0 per cent. The net interest rate for real-estate business was equal compared to the same period last year, with company profit forecasts and investment ratings: we believe that the company’s earth reserves are well-positioned in line with the trend of urbanization, with a focus on the core of 38 cities, with a high level of soil storage; as a source of financial excellence for leading housing enterprises; and as a source of financial excellence in the East.
From a long-line perspective, the cumulative growth in sales is expected to improve in August.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the cumulative sales growth rate is expected to improve in August, with a long-line view of high-quality students.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.