Channel change, industry warming, air conditioning tap reversibility period Glycerine (000651.sz) – new retail model change and industry rehearsing period
Gravity appliances are the leading domestic air-conditioning industry. At the end of the product, they focus on quality and master core technology. At the end of the channel, they are tied to the depths of the underline distributors through return, stock transfer, etc., and they build a clear moat. In 2020, they were transformed into a new retail model to deepen their integration. In our view, in the context of overall industrial warming.
Under this, the new retailing model of Geiger is expected to break through the online channels and reinforce its inherent advantages. We expect the leading companies to benefit fully from the second half of the year when the air conditioning industry is warming.
These factors have contributed to the expected recovery of the average price of 2020h2; (2) the company ' s zero data and Ovi data show continued warming of the volume of air conditioners, which is expected to rise in 2020h2 based on the ranking of leading firms; (3) the pattern of competition is nearing completion, and the leading firms are expected to regain their pricing power.
2021h1 is expected to benefit from the lower base for the prior period (2020h1) with better performance and comparable data. This takes into account the high weight red rate and, to some extent, defensive value.
We consider the four factors that influence the sale of air conditioners: 1) willingness to consume; 2) climate change; 3) real-estate factors; 4) retail factors; projected regression equations of air conditioners through linear regression: Ins=-0.134lc+0.942lw+0.060l(p+r)+7.018. Based on model results, we expect household use in 2020.
Supply-side tap companies, through upstream and downstream integration, capture core production capacities such as compressors and electric machines, creating high entry barriers to emerging brands. • Core technology leads the world, and channel change opens up new opportunities for development.
At the end of the pipeline, the power is focused on quality and masters core technology. At the end of the pipeline, the power has achieved a three-way win between producers, distributors, and consumers, with a significant competitive advantage under the line. As household power lines have increased their share of consumption, the power has been actively laid and live broadcasts have been used to drive changes in the new retail model.
The core logic of investing in gravity appliances at this point in time is that the air conditioning industry is expected to grow in volume and to warm back in 2020h2, while at the same time increasing the competitiveness of the product through the modest return of traditional channel costs to consumers.
Change, deepening of online and sub-line integration, and re-engineering of competitive patterns in the industry are nearing completion, and leading firms are expected to re-undertake brighter performance data on the same basis. In addition, considering the high rate of gravity, and to some extent defensive value, the average price of air-conditioning has been explored, and the average price of 2020h2 is expected to rise more strongly;
2. An improvement in market trends for the validation of emissions from air-conditioning leading enterprises, with an expected increase in sales of 2020h2;
High reds give a certain defensive value to the power; 1.1, air conditioning prices are stable and expected to rebound more strongly in the second half of the year.) The average price on and below the air conditioning line is $2441 and $3432, respectively, and remains on and off the February line.
The lowest price (2350, 2708) reflects, to some extent, a steady increase in the price of air-conditioning. Figure 1: Average air-conditioning prices were higher than the average rate of 2020 q1 air-conditioning during the 618 season period. Average air-conditioning prices of 2020h2 are expected to rise more strongly.
In the second half of the year, the average price of air conditioners is expected to rise on a steady basis. There are consistent price increases expected from many participants.
Increased investment in new energy-efficient products has led to the restoration of the overall price system (2) higher prices of raw materials, which in part supports the recovery of the average price of air conditioners. According to the Chinese plastic price index, the composite steel price index, the aluminium price index, and the copper price index, the price index is empty.
Rewinding of core raw materials in both quarters partially supported average air conditioner prices in figure III: Central plastic price index rebounded in 2020q2 and in figure 3: Steel composite price index rebounded in 2020q2
The introduction of new energy efficiency standards has led to product structural upgrades. On July 1, 2020, a new national energy efficiency standard for domestic air conditioners was officially launched. The implementation of this new energy efficiency standard means that energy-inefficient, power-intensive fixed frequency and energy-efficient-to-frequency products from level 3 will be phased out.
The average price of air conditioners in the second half of the year is expected to increase further. Figure 4: Decrease in sales of fixed-frequency products and further upgrade of product structure. Figure 5: Progressive increase in the number of new level I energy-efficient air conditioners
1.2. The trend in the market for certified air conditioners has improved and sales are expected to pick up in the second half of the year. From the same year-on-month increase in the amount of domestic appliances and audio-visual appliances, the cumulative decline has continued to narrow. The cumulative decline in retail sales of household appliances and audio-visual devices was 12.2 per cent in January-June 2020, and the decline in the ring ratio.
Decreased by 6.2 pct. Of this amount, retail sales of household appliances and audiovisuals increased by 9.8 per cent in June 2020 and 5.5 per cent in June 2020. Figure 6: Cumulative retail sales of household appliances and audiovisuals in January-June 2020
Figure 7: Retail sales of household appliances and audio-visual devices in June 2020 were 28,86 million (14.3 per cent) in air conditioners during the same month, mainly as a result of pressure under the line line, 15,590,000 in the first half of the year, an increase of 9.6 per cent compared to the same period. We believe that as the access to air conditioners has increased, the sales of air conditioners are expected to be sustained in the second half of the year.
Figure 8: Annual increase in sales on air-conditioning lines
According to the industry online monitoring, sales in the air conditioning industry increased by 25% and 23% respectively in July and August, respectively, and exports increased by 11% and 20% respectively, with leading firms actively producing and second-line brands rolling significantly. In July and August, sales in the Género sector increased by 6% and 24% respectively, and the trend is clear.
As a result of relatively low stock pressure, which is expected to be good for the future market, leading firms are expected to regain their pricing rights. 1.3. Competition patterns, which are excellent, are an important factor underpinning long-term good stock prices in the air-conditioning sector.
The manufacturing industry is highly standardized (with the exception of compressed refrigeration power, with almost identical molds, spare parts), slow technological change (the core refrigeration principle remains unchanged, products are stable, scale effects are visible), and these features also increase the willingness of leading firms to integrate upstream and downstream into a more stable “monopoly” pattern.
And we can see that since 2006 when Grigori outperformed Springland as the first air conditioner to sell, its stock prices have grown significantly, mainly as a result of the shift from “free competition” to a “oligarchy” pattern after 2006, with leading firms having pricing rights, thus increasing their profitability.
Figure 10: When the pattern of competition is optimized, the value of the power shares rises significantly, and the power regains its share on the Aux line through the price war, with the new retail model deepening down the line, and the competition pattern rises again. Looking back at the price war at the end of 2019, it is also the essence of the "reshaping the pattern of competition."
By the first half of 2019, Ox, who was the main player on the line, used a low-price advantage against the Greco online channel, and continued to fall on the Ox line as the prices of the leading firms hit in late 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, the Gretchen built a new retail model, deepened its online integration, and further consolidated its market share.
By June 2020, according to the Ovi Clouds data, Gale and the United States had re-emerged as a “virtual oligarch”, and the industry competed. Figure 11: Gale regained its share on the Oxline, and the US reverted to the “virtual oligarch” pattern of 1.4, with a high-scoring red feature with a stronger defensive value.
During the last 20 years, the power has maintained a higher share. After the relocation, under a mixed agreement, Joo Hae-hyeong promised to do his best to promote the net profit share of listed companies, with a dividends rate of about 3.12% and a higher investment value.
2. Accomplishment has been successful, and the Air-Conditioners have come to the development of a new chapter 2.1. Origin: The Way to Growth of Gravity Electricals.
Sales and services cover the four main areas of air conditioning, appliances, high-end equipment, and communications equipment, and are leaders of the domestic air-conditioning industry. Looking back at the development of the power appliances, we can divide them into three stages: (1) the start-up phase (1991-1994): the emphasis on research and development, the implementation of a “goods strategy” and the introduction of a “zero-deficit” industry.
(ii) From domestic to international (1995-2011): at this stage, companies focused on the quality of their products, achieving major breakthroughs in a number of core technologies, actively buying up-and-down chains of industries, and significantly upgrading their capacity for autonomous innovation.
Power. Positive change at the channel level led to the formation of regional marketing companies, with the gradual emergence of industrial scale effects, towards the international market, with the goal of achieving global household air conditioning sales first in 2005. (3) Transformation and diversification (2019-2019): from 2013 onwards, companies have moved on to military smartsuits.
In the field of preparation, communications equipment, molding, etc., it extends from professional air-conditioning production to diversified high-end technology industries. At present, GSM not only provides advanced equipment for self-automated adaptations, but also provides access to a wide range of industries, such as electricity, automobiles, food, 3c numbers, and building-baskets.
A new retail phase of active layout (2020-present): the epidemic has brought downlines, changes in the power channels, and accelerated. The real economy has suffered a major setback in the wake of the outbreak, most of the first quarter of 2020.
On the other hand, the closure of the real shop has also led to the rapid development of a live electricity provider, which has become one of the major outlets for many electricity companies. From April to June 2020, the director of the Goli Electric Board of Directors, Dong Ming, was able to make a difference.
On July 10th, 2020, Gale opened the first stop of the country’s live tour, bringing the sales to $5.08 billion.
1995-2011: From domestic to international 2012-2019: pluralism, with emphasis on line 2020-to date: transformation of new retail outlets
The new retail channel of active placement, the online channel of active placement, and the place where the Goli Electric was formed in 1991, Jujiang.
* In 1995, the sales of GLAC were the highest in the country; * April-June 2020, Chairman of GLEE * In 2012, Dong Ming Joo was promoted as Director of GL
Hung was suspended for two months at the beginning of his tenure. – In 1996, Gretchen was on the market at the deep end;
(b) In 1997, the first one was set up in Hubei, with five live broadcasts with a cumulative sales value of $17.8 billion.
From 2013 onwards, advance smart equipment, communications equipment, and the launch of a national live broadcast in July 2020 by the Goli . . . 1992 by the then-Wai East Zone.
(a) Regional sales companies with equity participation;
In 1999, Greiv Brazil Ltd. was set up, and Dong Ming Ju broke the “dealing” to a diversified high-end technology industry.
Setting the “payment before delivery” principle is an important milestone in the implementation of the Général internationalization strategy;
In 1993, the most effective global refrigerant was launched, i.e., the acquisition in 2004 of Joo Hae-Linda, Greco Electricians, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Good air-conditioning - energy-efficient brancher "The Empty Company, the Upstream and Downstream Industrial Chain of Air-Conditioned Air-Conditioning;
In 2004, there was a friction with the home power chain, and in 1994 there was an increase in the treatment of research and development personnel.
Start building its own shop channel: taking the path of science, technology and innovation, proposing a strategy of excellence.
(b) In 1994, the “Little Season Sales Policy” was introduced — in 2007, the He Beijing Sea became the second-largest electrical utility.
2.2 Business: The air conditioning business remains the company’s core.
Revenue from materials reselled to suppliers, while other major operations consisted mainly of external sales of compressors and electrical subsidiaries under the company’s flag, in addition to their own supply.
On 2 December 2019, the Gül Group signed an agreement with Joo Hae-min-hoon to transfer the power to Joo Hae-hoon at a cost of $46.17 per share.
As a partnership, the sole executive authority is vested in the company, while the only gp the gp the gp the gp the only gp the gp is the company.
The largest share, about 41%. Figure 15: With the change of shares, the real ownership of the company's business is expected to reach 29%.
It is expected that the ownership of the power appliances will be close to 20.09 per cent, divided into three parts: (1) Dong Min Joo owns 1.09 per cent; and (2) management entities ultimately control the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power (as a share in the total of the power appliances) through gp
The transfer of shares has stimulated management to not more than 4% of the total stock. Considering that Hegau Sea Guarantee Investment Ltd., which is made up of a core salesr of GW, holds 8.91% of GWE shares, it is expected that GW management and Hegau Sea will hold 29% of GWE shares, far more than the rest.
The largest single-share group has a 3.22% shareholding ratio, and we believe that this mix will have the following positive effects:
In recent years, there have been major changes in traditional domestic power retail outlets, and according to the director of the Oviyun network, there has been an interview.
It was said that by mid-June 2020, sales on the home line had exceeded the line for the first time in a few decades in the electricity market. As the country’s top consumer, tmt investment agency, there was a deep collaboration with new retail core players such as Tseng, Kyoutong, and the future.
It is hoped that it will help to improve the efficiency of the traditional channels and bring about new retail changes. On the other hand, it is expected that the high platinum will drive the search for information and intelligence in the direction of moving from “advanced manufacturing” to “intellectual manufacturing”.
The equity share is expected to remain at more than 50% of net profits. According to the agreement signed between the two parties, Ming-hoon undertook to make every effort to ensure that the annual net profit share of listed companies is no less than 50%.
“Saleback” effects on Greco appliance financial statements, first introduced in early 1995 as the “Little Season Jeannie” model. Due to the apparent seasonal nature of the sale of air conditioners, end-of-year returns were widely introduced in the industry to address the lack of cash flow and production capacity in the low season.
In the context of this, the Goli appliance model was first introduced as the "Black Journey". According to Dong Ming-joo's Checkout, the core content of DeJeng-Ju is that the price of products in the light season of air conditioning sales (09/01 to 03/31 the following year) is lower than the price of sales (04/01 to 08/31) and the price of withdrawals in the light season is the lowest in September and gradually increased to the following March.
The new accounting standards introduced in 2007 explicitly required enterprises to “record projected liabilities in a timely manner and in full” and the same year, the new “other current liabilities” section was added at the end of the statements, with the company's other current liabilities rising each year largely due to the increase in revenue.
As a result of the increase in the cost of sales returns, etc. The annual letter of intent to raise the interest in sales explains that sales returns are the sum of the goods purchased by the distributor over a certain period of time, or the corresponding amount given by the company to the dealer as a result of the decline in market prices, among other things.
Price discounts or compensations, etc. The company's sale returns on a monthly basis and is paid in instalments. These consist mainly of two types of price preferences linked to the volume of sales and price compensation linked to market price fluctuations.
(1) High interest rate: in September of each year, 4 per cent of the return in September; (2) lifting incentive: calculated from September of each year, 4 per cent of the delivery in that month and reduced monthly, in order to provide a clear picture of the impact of the GLRR policy on the presentation of the treasury, we make a partial assumption and apply it to GLR.
The accounting entries for electrical appliances are listed as follows: 20 per cent of the lifting value is estimated for the return of the power in kind; (3) $1.16 million is withdrawn by the distributor throughout the year;
(4) The Māori rate for the GLAC operation is 30 per cent; (1) the down payment stage: loan: 1.16 million bank deposits; loan: advance payments: 1.16 million; (3) loan: loan: 17.2 (70* 20 per cent + 100* 20 per cent * 0.16 million); loan: other flows
Figure 17: Accounting entries under the Gore sales return model Sales return increases the volatility of sales cost rates. During a period of substantial recovery, Gore charges the sale return as its sales cost, which leads to a high sales cost for the company during that period.
During the return period, the company ' s return on sales is credited to reduce the cost of sales. Figure 18: Return on sales increases the volatility of the cost of sales.
The business is the backbone of the business, and the existence of sales returns makes the company’s actual net profit on the end of the statement more stable. The company’s return can be divided by its essence into both business and overvalued returns, which do not account for the share of the dealer and serve as a reservoir for the company’s profits.
The balance of the statements is even more smooth as a result of the cashier ' s cashier ' s payments and the return cashier ' s inter-periodic link.
Periodic fluctuations reduce the volatility of the performance of low-yielding companies; (2) companies use business return, i.e., their share of downstream distributors, as a free industrial chain lever, to strengthen their control over distributors, leading to a higher voice in the industry chain; (3) facilities such as floating interest rates allow dealers to receive subsidies in case of loss, and incentives to return.
3.2, reading the three key points of the G.E.F.A., we've been able to get an overview of how the G.E.S. sales are going back, but we're still looking at the report.
Three core issues need to be addressed: how to determine whether there was an overstatement of the power in the current period; how to accurately observe changes in its profitability; how to look forward at the power's financial statements; and how to determine whether there was overstatement in the current period.
If there is a significant increase in the ring comparison of other current liabilities, we can almost understand it as a company with a certain degree of excess credit. For the following reasons, considering that other current liabilities consist mainly of sales returns, all returns in years n-1 are taken in years n-n.
Net increase in return for sales in year n net increase in other current liabilities in year n net increase in year n net increase in return for return in year n Figure 20: Return for sales is a major component of other current liabilities
Figure 21: A simple process of deriving net increase in sales return,2 how to more accurately observe changes in the profitability of the gravitational power, excluding the “sale return” to the company reporting end by means of the gross sales margin (morigin minus cost of sales) indicator
The impact could be better illustrated by the volatility of the company's actual profitability.3 How to look forward at the performance of the power? Three quarters of each year, in a quarter similar to the dealer's policy, are received in advance (adjusted to “negative contracts” from 2020).
To some extent, the business landscape and company performance can be reflected. According to Dong Ming-joo, “The lowest price of a low-season dealer is in September, gradually moving up to the end of March, reaching a high-season price.” For most of the distributors, there will be a concentration of money in September, so a three-quarter advance is made.
Accounts tend to be year-round peaks, with the two-quarter advance payments being the lowest year-round. In years similar to the distribution policy, three-quarter advance payments tend to provide some guidance on the company’s performance in the following year.
The company performed well, with a relatively strong cost control and profitability 12.67%. In 2015, the overall downturn in the air-conditioning market as a result of a strong stock-taking initiative led to a drop in the overall harvest, which affected the epidemic by $20.909 billion, a decline of 49.01%, with the epidemic stabilizing and summer emptying.
In 2019, the company achieved $64,435 million in revenue, or 32.14 per cent, and continued to strengthen overseas strategic planning and global market consolidation.
Figure 24: Air conditioning is still the company ' s main business, Figure 25: Internal sales are the majority, and external sales still have significant development space.
3.3.2 The Māori rate of sales is relatively large, the main Māori rate is contributed by the A/C services sales return model magnifies Māori volatility and the main Māori contribution by the A/C services. According to our analysis above, Māori rates are uncertain (need to take into account plant prices, lax distribution policy) during the recovery phase, and are sold
The cost of selling increased, with a reduction in the Māori rate during the period of return in kind and a decline in the red word for selling costs. By branch of business, the Māori rate for air-conditioning was higher and the small household power was largely stable. The Māori rate for air-conditioning increased from 18.49 per cent to 37.12 per cent between 2010 and 2019, with a significant increase over other classes, increasing the overall Māori rate; and the small household.
Figure 26: The sales return policy magnifies the volatility of the Māori rate. Figure 27: The Māori ratio of the air-conditioning operation is higher than that of other major businesses. From the perspective of the “further sales”, the profitability of the grail appliances has steadily increased and there has been volatility in the outbreak.
Since sales returns have to some extent had an impact on the company’s sales costs and the Māori rate, we have experienced a steady increase in the overall profitability of the power over the past few years through the gross sales margin indicator, i.e., the Māori rate minus the cost of sales. 2019q4 began to decline as a result of the price war, and 2020q1 was mainly due to the effects of the epidemic.
It is expected that, as the epidemiological factors stabilize, there will be a recovery in the gross sales of glycerine appliances. Figure 28: By gross sales margin, corporate profitability has risen by 3.3.3 per cent, overall costs are well regulated, and the fall in the value of return payments has led to lower sales costs.
Corporate costs as a whole are well regulated, and the cost rate has been declining year by year over the last five years. Companies have been selling in recent years, and this has played an important role in the decline in the cost of sales.
Hale Jiel, with a sharper decline in the cost of sales of Greco appliance and a stronger consistency between the cost of sales and the net increase in sales return, we believe that the sharp decline in sales costs is likely to be due to a significant reduction in the amount of money that companies have taken to raise return money in recent years.
In recent years, the increase in management rates has been mainly due to increases in salaries, consumption, depreciation, and amortization of employees. The overall rise in R & D rates has taken place. In 2017-2019, corporate R & D rates rose from 2.41% to D, with a larger increase in the G R & D rates, in line with the company’s emphasis on R & D and the gradual diversification of products.
Figure 33: Focus on R & D, with overall R & D rates rising steadily Figure 32: Management cost rates are lower in industry 3.3.4 and relatively high net interest rates reflect corporate profitability
The net interest rate is higher than comparable companies in the same industry and is more profitable. With the fall in the company’s cost rate, the net interest rate is higher in the same industry, with a net interest rate of 12.53 per cent in 2019, higher than the industry’s comparable company.
With the gradual stabilization of the epidemic, corporate profitability is expected to recover. 3.3.5, corporate stock turnover is stable, higher receivables are reflected in the cash flow advantage, and there has been a steady increase in the stock turnover of electric power appliances in 2010-2019.
In comparison, the 2013 t+3 model of the United States shortened the production and sales cycle, but in 2018, the stock turnover fell due to a higher share of customization works due to the acquisition of the cards. Haile’s stock turnover fell as a result of internal and external mergers and acquisitions.
Figure 36: Increases in the steady stock turnover rate for 2010-2019. Companies ' turnover of receivables is significantly higher than those of United States, Haile, etc., showing an advantage in their cash flow. The share of corporate receivables in revenue collection declined from 2010 to 2019, mainly because of the company ' s strong voice over channels.
The turnover of accounts receivable is in the lead compared to industry. Figure 38: The turnover of accounts receivable is significantly higher than that of comparable companies, 3.3.6; the high net interest rate on sales leads to a higher level of company Roe
The higher net interest rate on the sale of glycerine appliances has led to a higher roe. The net asset return on glycerine in 2019 was 24.52%, higher than in the United States, and slightly lower than in the United States. By splitting du Pont with the industry ' s comparable company Roe in 2019, it can be found that the higher roe benefits mainly from its significantly higher than other comparable devices.
The company’s net interest rate on sales is closely related to its good cost control, while the high level of net interest on sales is closely linked to its good cost control. Table 2: Higher net interest rate on sales of power appliances puts it at a higher level (2019).4 The demand for air-conditioning remains stable, with leading firms fully integrated up and down the chain of industries
4.1. Industry space: about 120 million units/year of air conditioners are expected to be sold in 2020, and in our needs estimation model, the volume of air conditioners is mainly composed of four factors: 1) consumer willingness: the main description is the effect on urban and rural air-conditioning holdings of an increase in per capita gdp in the country; 2) climate change: the main factors
Information on changes in the demand for air conditioning in the regions during the summer; 3) real estate factors: mainly post-natal cycle requirements; 4) zero sales factors: mainly demand for replacement, export demand; s for air conditioning sales;
(2) c is the per capita GDP growth rate: per capita gdp growth of 1 pct results in an increase in the penetration of air conditioners in towns and villages as a percentage of the increase in the penetration of air conditioners in towns and villages (average of households per 100 household air conditioners* population + average of rural air conditioners* population)/%gdp
(3)w is the weather: coefficient of the effect of different seasons on the sale of air conditioners; p is the demand from the post-natal cycle of the site: house completion area (m2)/20 (desk/m2)); r is the export & replacement requirement: export + second-hand suites* the current year ' s air condition holdings;
(6)a is the constant coefficient; Air conditioner sales formula: total sales s=acw (p, r) where c.w is the factor reference, so the formula is converted to s=acw
(p+r), \matbb{p}\lns=x\lnc+y\lnw+z\l(p+r)+c Figure 39: Measurement of demand for air conditioners
The demand for household electricity, acquired as a necessity after buying a home, is generally affected by the housing trade, and the high growth in the past is linked to the high growth in real estate sales. Drawing on the experience of developed countries abroad, urbanization began to slow after 60%, reaching saturation at about 70%. In 2019, the country ' s urbanization reached 60.6% and has entered.
(a) The slowdown in the urbanization process. According to our research, the following factors have been found: a weakening of the puerperium cycle.p (needs arising from the puerperium cycle) = annual housing completion area (million square metres) / (20 square metres/table) (average air-conditioning coverage);
r1 (renewal demand) = number of second-hand household transactions (thousands of units)* average annual holdings for the current year (tops/centres); r2 (exports give rise to demand) = number of air-conditioning exports (millions) = annual demand for real estate decreased to 23.88 per cent, while demand for renewal and export increased gradually.
Real estate is driven by a shift to newer demand from stock-based air-conditioning replacements, demand structures are gradually shifting, and the correlation between empty sales and real estate is diminishing.
The need for renewal is affected by the number of urban/rural households, their holdings and their renewal cycles. r1 (Renewing demand) The annual rate of air-conditioning in towns and cities is 30.80 per cent, while the rate of air-conditioning in villages is 1.32 per cent. The rate of air-conditioning in towns and cities rose to 142.18 per cent in 2018, and the rate in villages to 65.25 per cent.
The rate of penetration of air conditioners has been significantly improved in 250 Japanese households per household; (2) urbanization has been slowing down; and, taking into account the urbanization history of other developed countries, the urbanization process began to slow after 60 per cent, reaching saturation at about 70 per cent. In 2019, the rate of urbanization in the country reached 60.6 per cent, and the rate of urbanization has gradually slowed.
According to our calculations, the total stock of urban and rural areas is currently approximately 529 million. Assuming that the country will have saturated air-conditioning holdings in 2028, the rate of urbanization will reach 70%, the number of urban households will drop to 2.5 persons/household, the number of rural households will drop to 3 persons/household, and the number of urban and rural households will be 250/households, respectively.
Based on the results, there is an additional 119.27% of the potential domestic air-conditioning stock, which is expected to reach 1.16 billion stocks. If estimated over 10 years of average life-cycle air-conditioning, it is expected that the average annual household steady-state sales will be around 116 million units.
Taking into account the demand for air conditioning in non-residential goods houses, we've taken the structure of the sale of merchandise houses for nearly a decade and found that 9% of the merchandise houses are non-residential. If the non-residential demand factor is taken into account, the domestic air-conditioning steady state in saturated conditions sells about 127 million units.
On the basis of scenario two, we have a rough cut-off threshold of 127 million units per year, so fake ss (total annual sales of air conditioners) < 130 million units per year.
Assumption III: The impact of consumption levels and temperature on the sale of air conditioners is significant, resulting in a combination of air conditioners sales during the spring, air conditioners holding levels influenced by local levels of economic development and average weather temperatures. Air conditioners in 2018 The five provinces with the highest holdings (direct city) were Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Guangdong and Beijing, respectively, with the exception of Beijing.
The average temperature is lower-middle and lower-stream, with the other provinces with higher holdings having both higher levels of economic development and higher average temperatures in the weather.
Figure 44: Average household air-conditioning holdings per 100 households in the major cities in 2018 Figure 45: Per capita gdp in the provinces has a positive relationship, and according to the conditions of the country ' s seasonal division, we divided the four seasons of the spring, summer, autumn and winter into December/February, and 3-year-olds, respectively.
May, June-August, September-November. Because of the priority of the volume of sales (st factor = pt-1 coefficient), we use the quarterly production to determine the coefficient of the impact of each season on the volume of sales.
p = a+1.62a+1.28a+0.88a,a sales due to endogenous demand, of which: (a) external factors: (a) winter coefficient: 1,b) spring coefficient: 1.62; (c) summer coefficient: 1.28; (d) autumn coefficient: 0.88; the reason for this conclusion is mainly: (i) early release of capacity in spring to respond
Summer demand; 2) Temperature decline in most parts of the country during autumn and winter, and demand for air conditioning is decreasing. According to scenario three, we know that local development levels and the effect of temperature on air conditioning sales are significant, and by doing so, the coefficients for air conditioning sales are 1.62, 1.28, 0.88 and 1.
These factors are added to the corresponding quarter when the final model is calculated. Finally, based on the above preconditions, the regression equation obtained through linear regression: lns=-0.134lc+0.942lw+0.060l(p+r)+7.018.
Based on the results of the model, we measured the sales in 2020 and obtained a steady level of household air conditioning sales of around 120 million units in 2020, with actual sales largely aligned with the model. 4.2. Competition patterns: AC manufacturers have higher barriers to their upstream supply chains and are difficult for competitors to access.
Air-conditioning manufacturers build barriers based on integrated industrial chains, limiting the generation of new entrants. The cost advantage of relying on acquisitions, supply chains, etc., to achieve their voice in the upstream supply chain, such as core parts and raw materials, allows companies to have higher profitability and monopoly advantages, making it difficult for new competitors.
4.2.1, the gravity of the acquisition of core parts and components is self-contained. Compressors are closely related to air conditioning as one of the core parts.
The book shows that the compressor cost $515 of a 1.5 cold-heating air conditioner with a retail price of $1880, or 27.39% of the total value, is one of the major costs of air conditioning. Moreover, with the outbreak of our air-conditioning market, sales of domestic air-conditioning compressors have increased considerably, according to the White Paper on the Development of China's Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning Industry.
In 2019, domestic sales of compressors reached 403 million (+6.10 per cent). Figure 47: Core parts compressors as one of the main costs of air conditioning. Figure 48: Increased demand for air conditioners leads to higher sales of compressors
An electric machine is another core component made of air conditioning. The cost of one of the major air conditioning components is about 15% of the total air conditioning cost, so there is some control over the power in the upstream supply chain, which can also provide the air conditioning manufacturer with a voice and a competitive advantage.
Galli secured self-contained air-conditioning cores by acquiring core parts and components, the Lenda compressor and the Kebang power plant. In 2004-2006, the company achieved full capital control over the Lendall compressor and the Kabang power company, of which the Lendall compressor became the second global producer of air-conditioning compressors in 2018, producing 50 million units.
At the same time, the 2018 power has further limited the ability of the market to supply extra compressors by increasing the share of the sea. The self-contained content of the core parts has led to a relatively stable supply side of the GAC production, which has made it more competitive in the upstream supply chain and prevented it.
4.2.2 The supply of raw materials to upstream component producers to obtain a cost advantage The provision of raw materials to upstream component producers The provision of raw materials to upstream component manufacturers of raw materials is one of the company's major business activities, which generates other income for the company.
In 2019, other income from raw materials was $43.62 billion, or 21.75% of the company’s total revenue, after the company’s air conditioning business.
Figure 50: Gravity is both a supplier and a customer of raw materials in the fittings, Figure 51: Gravity for sustained growth in operating income A supply brings quality assurance and cost advantages to the company. On the one hand, it is provided to the manufacturer of the components autonomously.
The procurement of core raw materials can better align the quality of the controlled upstream supply with its own requirements and play an important role in quality assurance and branding; on the other hand, as the power is also the supplier of raw materials for upstream distribution producers, such as solar-rich cables, it has a strong bargaining power and is made possible in the pricing process between the parties.
Reducing the company’s cost of spare parts, making it significantly more profitable than other competitors in the same industry. Core technology leads the world, channel changes bring new opportunities, 5.1, core technology leads the world, focuses on product quality, and creates international brand names.
Gravity strengthens R & D inputs, increasing autonomous R & D capabilities. It constantly increases R & D costs and 2.84% per year, while in the first quarter of 2020 it surpassed comparable corporate-American groups to achieve 4.34% R & D costs (+20.69%) at a higher rate, reflecting the growing power of autonomous innovation and autonomous R & D.
Figure 52: Gravity R & D investment is growing faster: Figure 53: Annually more R & D staff in companies, annual increases in the number of G & D patents, and the advantages of R & D innovation are evident.
The number of patents rose from 3662 to 7,462, with an increase of 78.43 per cent in 2018, while the United States, as a co-worker comparable public authority, has experienced a decline in the number of applications for patents on inventions, which has led to a gradual increase in the strength of the power to innovate in R & D, leading the industry in competition.
Galli's technology breakthroughs have led the way. Since 1995, companies have been driving innovation, strengthening core technology research and development, completing a number of technology outcomes, and core technologies such as the digital multi-connected group of super-low-temperature pumps, which are the first in the world and the only one that has entered China for the fourth consecutive year to invent the top 10 electric appliances authorized by patents.
Businesses, total patents are ranked first in the country, leading to a deep convergence of technological innovation and industrial development.
Efficient magnetic resistance vortex compressors develop and apply leading technology and quality control systems to shape the power into a powerful internationally influential brand. Gravity does not break through core technology, leads in autonomous innovation, and achieves it through the creation of very powerful quality control systems.
It's been shaped by the G.I.'s brand of influence. It's based on the quality control of industrial enterprises for almost two decades.