High growth, 24 years of high sales, both within and outside the country: annual performance forecast for 2024 issued by the Wootong passenger vehicle, with the company expected to be attributable in the year 2024 to the company's projected net profit on non-recurring gains and losses on shareholders of listed companies in the year 2024
The company ' s performance is high throughout the year. According to the company ' s performance forecast, the company is expected to return to its mother ' s \triangleright net profit center in 2024, at $4.05 billion, or +122.6 per cent, of which 24q4 are expected to return.
Xu Guojun, research assistant in the automobile industry, billions of dollars, mainly due to the increase in the fair value of part of the financial assets held by the company in 2024, which led to a lack of financial resources.
At the export level, according to the China Bus Statistics Information Network, the total number of national passenger vehicles exported in mid-2024 was 61820, or +41.1 per cent of the total number of vehicles exported in mid-2024, of which Yutong's share was 22.7 per cent and the total number of Chinese passenger vehicles exported in the fourth quarter (more than 3.5 metres) was 19626, according to data from the China Bus Statistics Information Network.
At the end of the year, a total of 4910 vehicles were exported from China. At the new energy level, according to the Chinese passenger vehicle statistics information network, 57,347 new energy buses were sold in 2024, or +43.2 per cent, of which 13795 vehicles, or +93.3 per cent, were sold.
The GRC and the Ministry of Finance jointly issued a circular on the implementation of a large scale equipment upgrade in 2025 and the replacement of consumer goods for old and new policies. The circular proposed an increase in the number of new energy cities in 2025.
Urban bus and power cell upgrades. Power-driven replacements for urban buses, upgrades of urban bus and power cells that are 8 years old or older, with an average increase in vehicle subsidies from $60,000 to $80,000.
The Ministry of Transport guides the regions to a smooth and smooth transition from a preferential policy interface. We believe that this time an old new policy is expected to lead to an accelerated phase-out of the old new energy buses and a further boost to domestic demand.
Profit forecasting: looking at old for new policy + export + new energy-led intra-market and volume structure \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
The risk factors are: macroeconomic fluctuations and tight local fiscal balances lead to less demand than expected, and the sea.
\triangleright \twangleright outside Golden House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing City West Side, increased competition, the risk of international instability, and less than expected expansion of new energy buses.
Figure 1: Company revenue (millions of yuan) for the calendar year, figure 2: Company revenue (billions) per quarter, figure 4: Company net profit (billions) per quarter.
▪ Net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies (billion yuan) Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates of Companies (%) Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates of Companies (%)
Figure 7: Quarterly sales of company buses (one) Figure 8: Quarterly sales of company buses (one) andandandandandandandandand
Figure 9: The components of the quarterly single-car revenue (US$ 10,000) of the company’s passenger vehicle will not be relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for the portfolio advisory business that the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.