High base nbv, investment returns showing bright performance Events: Life of China published a 2021 quarterly report, yielding business income of $37,346 million, compared to life of China (6,01628)
The net profit is +67.3% of the same year, due to an increase in the return on investment. The first quarter of China’s life has been opened by Wang Qing Dynasty + 67.3%, driven mainly by a significant increase in the return on corporate investment during the first quarter of the year.
At a high base, Nbv's growth rate continues to fall, and the risk workforce continues to fall. In one quarter, the rate of retention is rising. The total premium is +5.2 per cent, of which the rate of renewal (oy+11.7 per cent) represents a comparison of the red and new acute disease definition with the high consumption of clients, and the agent is familiar with the new defined product.
Insufficient levels, resulting in corporate long-term health risk sales being blocked, and new unilateral declines. In terms of value, a quarter of nbv is 13.2% the same, with new policy premiums largely burdened by a high base, yoy - the continuing impact of the epidemic, and the company’s high-quality agent transformation of disqualifying manpower.
Given that this year will mark the closing year of the revival of the nation's life, the company will focus its efforts on value-centred development, value creation and technological empowerment. In March, the company launched the 4.0 project, which will further improve the human resource system, the basic law of proxies, and the same people in the build-up.
Investments show good performance. Investment assets +4.5 million to $42,2.19 billion a quarter. Net investment revenue overtakes. Companies increased their allocation of long-term assets to match liabilities in one quarter, while increasing non-targets.
Investment rating: negative impact of the next quarter of the high base for new policy premiums, nbv pressure, volume of manpower value creation; 2) corporate team-building of 4.0 is already under way and human capacity is expected to stabilize
(iii) Agents will gradually adapt to the sale of new and highly ill products, and there are risk factors for the sale of guaranteed products: agents will increase their staff at a slower pace than expected; national life will be revitalized less than expected;
Large fluctuations in this market have resulted in a sharp decline in investment returns; lower interest rates will narrow the fixed interest rate tool cindasegritiesco., Ltd spread space and affect accounting profits.
Wang Ji Dynasty, Master, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Durant, United Kingdom, as Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager, Yonghai Leasing Operations, formerly employed in China Xinzheng and China Xuan Securities.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked on Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Certificates, and joined the Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.