Researchchand developmentcenter New Olympics shares: gas eco-networks build long-term advantages and core profits grow steadily high
New Olympic shares: the natural gas ecological network builds long-term advantages, and the core profits are steady.
In the interior, the power of the entire natural gas chain is effective against the volatility of gas prices, supporting a steady increase in profits. New Olympic shares are the only nation-wide combustion company with a share in gas sales in 2017-2021.
By 2022, 32.8% of the New Olympic energy stock and 90% of the New York Hill stock were acquired, and through two recapitalizations, the company built an integrated natural gas industry. By 2022, it was affected by a major restructuring of global lang trade patterns under the productive cycle and the Russian-Turkish conflict, with several high domestic and foreign gas prices and volatile markets.
In this case, the New Olympic shares still hold relatively stable retail sales by virtue of the advantages of the whole industry chain, with a difference of 0.48 per cent in 2022 (similar to $0.03 per cent).
Growth, high growth, and high profitability are expected to continue. New Olympic shares, one of the very few cities that have the ability to sign the G.S.A., depend on their own large receiving station assets, rich international trade in natural gas, and good international credit for four long-term agreements with many lang suppliers in the United States.
A total of 106 million tons, or 37.1 per cent of the total contract volume of the United States-United States Association of Governors, are price-linked to hh, with a higher price advantage; the company owns the largest private lng receiving station in the country — the Nuo Ocho Hill lng receiving station, which currently has a processing capacity of 7.5 million tons per year, after the completion of three phases of the 2025 project
At the “European premium” and the implementation of the 900,000 tonnes/yearly low price lang association with the United States, companies are expected to continue to make profits from high-freight overseas resale operations; after 2025, as more hh-linked low-price associations begin to implement, direct corporate sales are expected to grow at a high rate and aggregate gross spreads are expected to rise.
With the recovery of international gas prices and domestic recovery, retail gas plates are expected to recover at a higher rate. The company \triangleright has a stable and diversified domestic resource pool, with 67% of the gas from the three main oil cooperation pipelines.
The cost of purchasing domestic sources is relatively low, with small ups and downs; retail gas sales to business users and gas-pumpers amounted to 80.1 per cent of the total, guaranteeing a better price for the company's combustion business.
Retail gas from companies reached 25.940 billion terms per year, down to 2.7 per cent, but far higher than -1.7 per cent of the national gas watch consumption rate; gas consumption is expected to recover in 2023 as international gas prices stabilize and the domestic economy recovers.
The market space is expected to remain open under the "two-carbon" policy, with the growth of the energy mix. With our carbon practice number: $150052270001, the steady landing of governance ideas, the continuation of low-carbon transformation and construction in high-rise and industrial parks, I
The country’s market for integrated energy services has expanded rapidly and is expected to open the market space continuously. In 2018-2022, companies cumulatively delivered 210 integrated energy projects, bringing a total of 22.24 billion kilowatt-hours of combined energy sales in cold, heat, electricity, etc. (compared to +16.6%) and combined energy revenues reaching 12.25 billion yuan.
A further 54 integrated energy projects are under construction, with 1,376 projects under contract, with a combined potential capacity of 59.7 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) for transport + projects under construction. Profit forecasting and investment rating: New Olympic shares have an advantage in the entire natural gas industry chain and are effective against gas.
Price fluctuations support a steady growth in profitability. Upstream sales have hh-high-valued low-price linkages, Sunda S.A., downstream domestic sales go hand in hand with international resale operations, and with domestic markets opening up.
Well, itd and more of the low-priced association's start-up, and it's expected that the high growth and high profitability of the direct sales business will hold the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing.
Continuing; diversified and stable upstream resource pools in the retail gas business of companies, with a high share of three oils in low-price pipelines and a sustained improvement in downstream surplus capacity; recovery from international gas prices and domestic economic recovery, with the prospect of a recovery in the retail gas volume of companies and a repair of the retail gas gross deficit; growth in the company ' s integrated energy operations
With our carbon management thinking on the ground, industrial parks, factories, low-carbon construction and construction, the space for an integrated energy market is expected to open. We predict a net return profit for New Olympic energy for 2023-2025 of 7.410 billion yuan, 8.73 billion yuan and 10.29 billion yuan, respectively.
Risk factors: severe downsides in the domestic economy and slower than expected increases in natural gas consumption; lower than expected construction of the receiving station project; lower than expected domestic gas prices; lower than expected combined energy sales (1); two asset restructurings to build a gas landscape eco-operator, with a full-chain advantage that effectively withstands upstream price fluctuations.
Companies have the advantage of upstream and downstream integration of natural gas, and, in 2022, with a few surges in domestic and foreign gas prices, and volatile markets, neo-Ou’s shares have maintained relatively stable retail gross margins based on the advantage of the whole chain. In the current context of increasing volatility in energy prices, the advantages of the whole chain of upstream and downstream integration of companies have been highlighted.
2) Companies build long-term barriers to competition for one of the very few cities in the country that have the capacity to sign the Association's overseas advantages, with a rich, low-priced, president's capital, and with the expansion of its reception stations, direct sales are expected to expand rapidly in the future, and high growth and profitability are expected to continue. New Olympic shares depend on large receiving station assets, rich international trade in gas.
With easy experience and good international credibility, a total of 106 million tons (37.1 per cent of the total) was contracted by the United States supplier lang; the processing capacity of the canon lng receiving station is expected to increase to the size of the company's domestic direct sales operations after 2025, while the profit from high gross overseas resale operations is expected to continue; 2025
The post-hhy linkage LTA is expected to be intense, and the company’s direct sales volume is expected to grow in a breakthrough. 3) With the recovery of international gas prices and domestic recovery, the company’s retail gas plate is expected to recover at a higher rate. The company has a stable, diversified domestic resource pool, with a low-price pipeline of more than two thirds with the three oils; downstream, to business and gas station users.
The volume of retail gas sold was over 80% of the total, safeguarding the company’s better retail gas services. The volume of retail gas sold by the company grew steadily, as domestic and foreign gas prices rose sharply in 2022, the domestic economy slowed down and retail gas increased slightly.4 As the country’s carbon management thinking continued, low-carbon rehabilitation and construction of industrial parks continued to take place.
The market for source services has expanded rapidly and is expected to open the market space on a continuous basis. The company’s combined energy sales and revenues have grown significantly, cutting off 210 integrated energy projects in 2022, bringing combined energy sales to 22.24 billion kilowatt-hours; 54 additional integrated energy projects are under construction and 1376 have been contracted and have been shipped + potential use of the contracted + under construction +
With a combined size of 59.7 billion kilowatt-hours, there is much to be expected from the growth of the company’s future integrated energy operations. - The first step in the entire chain of natural gas, two restructurings to create a landscape eco-operator, 1.1 asset restructuring into the entire chain of natural gas, and consolidation of the main natural gas industry.
New Olympic shares were listed in a stock in 1994 under the original name “Vein biochemistry”; in 2004, the New Olympic Group acquired a share in Uegen biochemistry of 44.09 per cent, followed by a series of acquisitions into the fields of military coal, energy chemical, and technology engineering; in 2014, the company launched a strategy to transform into a clean energy business with lang as its core: in 2019, the company sold its subsidiaries remote biochemistry to remove farmers.
Medicines, veterinary medicine; 32.8 per cent of the shares and holdings of the Port Company New Olympic Energy in 2020, 90 per cent of the shares of the Port Company in 2022, and 90 per cent of the shares of the cano-san lng receiving station. Through two asset restructurings, the company was transformed into one of the largest private natural gas industrial smart ecological operators in China. The main business covered the entire natural gas chain, including direct sale, retailing and wholesale distribution of natural gas.
Integrated energy marketing and services, engineering and installation, and energy production are also focused on hydrogen, storage-related technology research, and the control of 72.33% of the shares of Wang Yu's combined control company. As of the 2022 report, the total share capital of the New Olympics was 3,099 million shares, held by the controlling shareholder, New Olympic International.
44.23 per cent of the company ' s shares; the company is under the control of Wang Yu, and it and its co-actors through New Olympic International, New Olympic Holdings, Hebei Weiwei Group, Portrait Investment and New Olympic Science and Technology Consolidated Control Company, 72.33 per cent of the company ' s shares.
To keep moving forward with the intellectual transformation, the New Olympic energy generation has been upgraded from a city-fired operator to a city-based service provider. Without looking ahead, the company has three main directions for development: one is to continue to promote a clean energy landscape, accelerate demand, resources and deployment, aggregate, underpinned by the industry Internet, sink best practices, build more smart products, and advance natural gas intelligence.
Eco-operability strategy; second, to speed up business upgrading, using natural gas sales as entry points, to upgrade smart people (family quality life), to upgrade intellectuals (business energy, carbon, security management), to upgrade the intellectual base (city infrastructure) and to promote the realization of the strategy of “household quality, life and carbon management in enterprises”; third, to strengthen risk control and build a full-scale industry-wide approach
A wind-control system, full goods, and a life cycle. Among them, as a major subsidiary of the New Olympic stock, New Olympic energy will be upgraded to the City of New Australasia, as a digital city service provider for household quality life and business performance, carbon, and management, and will focus on the transformation of the public administration’s intellectual strategy.
Figure 2: New Olympic energy “Senior City Servicers” strategic transition map 1.2 Corporate core profits are rising steadily, sufficient cash flows are guaranteed to operate robustly Port shares of New Olympic energy in 2020, corporate performance is moving to a new level, and core profits are growing steadily.
Thus, the company continued to achieve high growth in revenue, net profits, and core profits, and in 2022 it achieved operating income of 1541.69 Adequate cash flows guaranteed its sound operations and underpinned the expansion of its operations. In 2020, the Hong Kong stock pool of New Olympic Energy generated sufficient cash flows for the company and annual growth in cash flows.
Figure 5: New Olympic energy receipts, net profits, core profits and increases in construction and installation operations from 2017 to 2022 5.5 per cent and Māori from 15.0 per cent; integrated energy operations from 7.8 per cent; direct sales from companies from steadily increasing profitability; and the infusion of the Nakayama receiving station is expected to further upgrade direct company operations
The Division ' s infrastructure operation, which is mainly the external service component of the Nakayama receiving station, generated 227 million yuan (0.1 per cent) and gross gain of 129 million yuan (0.6 per cent). With the expansion of the company ' s direct air sales and the increase in processing of the Nakayama receiving station, it is expected that the profit share of the company ' s direct operations will continue to rise.
Table 1: Corporate business profiles II. Rapid growth in natural gas operations, with full-chain advantages effective against gas price fluctuations 10.5%. Imports from ng grew rapidly during the same period, with cagr up to 20.5%, well above total national gas consumption
In 2022, under the influence of domestic economic pressure, weak demand, and high international gas prices, our imports of ng showed the largest drop in history, and gas consumption showed the first decline in almost 20 years, leading to the operation of the city’s burning company.
In 2022, we imported 63.4425 million tons (about 88.819 billion square metres), a 19.6 per cent decline in the same year; According to the figures of the Commission, our gas consumption in 2022 was 366.3 billion square metres, a 1.7 per cent decline in the same year; with the fall in international gas prices and the recovery of the domestic economy, the country's downstream consumption of natural gas is expected to recover in 2023.
With a growth rate of about 5 per cent in 2023, we expect gas consumption to reach 388 billion in 2023, and we report: new opportunities under the global gas pattern. Figure 9: Our gas consumption and external dependence (billions)
Figure 10: Structure of our gas consumption in 2021: Figure 11: Import volume and acceleration of our ng (tonnes)
Figure 13: National index of the price of ng plants in our country (in yuan/tons) Natural gas, as a relatively clean fossil energy source, plays an important role in the transition to a low-carbon transition, and there is still much room for growth in future consumption. Natural gas emissions per unit of carbon are lower than other fossil energy sources (coal, oil) and play a role in the energy transition in our country.
An important transitional effect, with consumption peaking or later than coal and oil. According to the China Gas Development Report (2021) issued by the National Energy Agency, our gas consumption is expected to reach 4300-45 billion in 2025, and Zhejiang Province, as a province with a more advanced economy on the south-eastern coast of the country, has set higher targets for growth in gas consumption from history.
The rate of increase in gas consumption and consumption in the Zhejiang province was the country's leading, with gas consumption reaching 18.2% in 2010-2019 and 18 billion in 2021, accounting for 4.8% of total national consumption. According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Coal Oil and Gas in Zhejiang Province, gas consumption was required throughout the province in 2025.
To reach 31.5 billion, cagr will reach 15 per cent in 2021-2025, well above the national average.Figure 15: Gas consumption in all regions of the country, 2010-2019 (Billions) Figure 16: Gas consumption in all provinces, 2021 (Billions)
2.2 The country has five national cities that are now on the market, and in 2021 they together account for 44 per cent of the country's apparent gas consumption, which is in Kuala Lumpur.
11.2%), Xinau shares (9.9%), China gas (9.8%), China gas (9.1%), Hong Kong smart energy sources (3.9%). Of this, Xinau shares increased strongly, with gas sales of cagr in 2017-2021 17.4% and much higher than the company-wide gas sales, which can be broken down into three panels: direct sale of natural gas, retail sale of natural gas and bulk gas.
It consists of a direct-distribution upstream gas source that is dominated by international gas sources, with price-fixed hh, jcc, Brenty International Gas Price Index, with 10-20 long-term agreements targeting the gas source, with downstream customers mainly domestic business and other users, partly reselled internationally and sold at a relative market value; and a retail gas upstream gas source that is dominated by three main pipeline gas sources and priced on a market basis.
The situation has fluctuated on the basis of door price, with downstream customers predominantly end-users such as business, residents and so on, and their ability to do so in recent years. Figure 17: Gas sales by the five national cities in the country (millions of squares) Figure 18: Gas sales by the five national cities in the country.
Figure 19: The share of the five major national urban combustion companies in the country in terms of gas sales and changes in the structure of the New Olympic stock (in millions of squares) since the introduction of direct gas sales in 2020, there has been a significant increase in the volume of direct sales by companies and a significant increase in the gross difference per unit.
The company actively engaged in international resale operations, benefiting from the “European premium” and from the implementation of the 900,000 tons/yearly low lang association with the United States company Cheneel, with a significant increase in the gross amount of the company's direct sales, which in 2022 amounted to 0.72 yuan/format (year-on-year +132.3 per cent).
Looking ahead, from the supply side, as international gas prices stabilize, firms can increase the import of spot-based sources of gas; from the demand side, as domestic economies warm, gas consumption is expected to return to growth, and firms can gradually expand downstream customers to become large players Upstream: rich and price-consumption sources build up high barriers to long-term competition.
The price formula of the United States ng Association is generally: p (lng) = 115%*h+ constant. The price advantage of the link with hh is as follows: 1)hh reflects a more liberal gas supply and demand pattern in the United States, compared to the other two indexes.
The price is lower and relatively stable than Japan’s jkm, Europe’s tttf market; (2) according to Poten, the hh-linked contract has a greater price advantage than the brat-linked bond when the price of the price is above $65/bpb. International oil prices have swollen near $80/bpb since 2023, while the h-prices have fallen significantly compared to the same price (in February, they were 49.3%), driving the h-linking has been more costly.
After a year, the total number of contracts was 285 million tons. Of these, three energy companies, including oil, signed contracts totalling 93 million tons, accounting for 32.8 per cent of the total number of contracts signed by the United States-US-US-US-US-Long Association; the New Olympics shares are one of the very few cities that have the capacity to sign an advantage-making association.
Based on the existence of large receiving station assets, rich experience in international trade in natural gas and good international credibility (speculation of 100 million tons in 2022, representing 37.1 per cent of the overall contract of the United States-China-US-US-Long Association), delivery is carried out in the form of fob (shipping at the port of embarkation, without purpose-based place-limits), with price-fixing linked to hh.
Table 6: The company has signed the agreement. Figure 24: Brent crude & tttf & Chinese des&hh spot prices move downwards: domestic imports go hand in hand with international resales, and a strong profit-making and growth trend in direct gas sales is expected to continue.
In the second half of the year, six ships, a total of 450,000 tons, were delivered, and the company expected to resell Māori for each gas at $300 million left, thus calculating a single ton gross difference of $4,000 (approximately $286.00.p.), and we estimate that the 2022 redistribution could contribute $1.8 billion gross profit to the direct sale of the air plate.
In 2023, there were 12 vessels in Chennai, and the company was dynamically locking in some of the re-sales through a paper-based combination. For profit, the company expected the locking component to still guarantee around $300 million in Maori per ship, the non-locking portion was affected by the fall in tttf prices, and the profit margin was narrow, but we expect the portion to remain, as the gas-source-cost endhh prices are also falling in sync.ronous fashion.
Māori can be maintained at around $150 million per ship, which results in a gross difference of $2,000 per ton (approximately $1.43 per ton), and we estimate the cost advantages of importing or reselling from home or abroad, and we expect that Māori at $150 million per ship from the Chennai Association will be maintained; in the longer term, the company will start in 2025 and beyond, with more low-price associations tied to the hh.
Together with this, we expect high profits and high growth in corporate gas sales to be sustainable. Retail gas volumes reached 25.940 billion, declining to 2.7%, but far higher than -1.7% of the country’s apparent national gas consumption;
With respect to the gross margin, in 2022, the company maintained a relatively stable unit gross margin with a good surplus capacity, with 2022m9 retail gas gross deviation of 0.51 yuan (the same as in 2021), a decline in the impact of four quarters of endemic households, disruptions in business activity and delays in the payment of subsidies, and a drop in the gross margin of zero companies throughout 2022.
The increase in gas sales and the relatively stable gross spread of sales, far above the national average, have ensured higher firm performance certainty, and have also proven the advantages of corporate upstream-downstream integration. With the recovery of international gas prices and domestic economic recovery in 2023, gas consumption is expected to recover, and we expect it to grow.
Corporate retail gas growth is expected to return to more than 10%, and the retail gross spread is expected to recover. Upstream: diversified domestic gas sources are stable, low-priced gas sources are high. Companies have a diversified and stable upstream pool of resources, with more than 80% of domestic production.
30 billion (81 per cent) of the gas source, of which the three main pipeline gas resources are 20 billion (54 per cent), the inland liquid plant resources are locked in by ownership, equity investment, surrogate processing, etc., and the non-conventional resources are locked in a long-term cooperation model totalling 10 billion (27 per cent); and the combined foreign gas source is 5 million through long-term, short-term, spot-based models.
A high share of low-price pipelines in the company’s domestic gas-source structure maintains cost competitiveness. Three major sources of gas accounted for 54% of the total, and 67% of the company’s domestic gas, with relatively low cost of contract-based gas purchases and low fluctuations.
In continuing to deepen strategic cooperation with the three major oils, efforts are being made to obtain a pipeline gas contract increment, while increasing access to non-conventional sources of gas through the elasticity of the pool, reducing the cost of the gas sources in a number of ways. Downstream: projects, high customer structure, and guaranteed affordability.
By the end of 2022, the company operated 254 urban gas projects covering 20 provinces, cities and autonomous regions, including Anhui, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hebei, Henan and Hunan, and most of the projects were located in densely populated and economically developed areas along the eastern and south-eastern coasts.
Customers are well-structured and well-protected. At present, our residents are priced at the same rate as non-residents, in terms of supply and demand. Both sides agree to fix the price of a specific gate, which is based on base gate prices, which are 20% high and capped. But the price of gas is strictly regulated by the government, with small increases and cumbersome price increases; and higher prices are affordable for business and industry users.
In 2022, the company sold natural gas to business users at a price of $3.65, an increase of 15.1 per cent in the same year and $5.16, an increase of 27.7 per cent in the same year, compared with 80.1 per cent in 2022 and 19.9 per cent in the same year.
For example, business and gas sales by gas-pumpers have enabled companies to maintain a relatively stable gross spread, even in cases of volatile upstream gas prices. High-mori gas installation, in collaboration with downstream gas users, has driven companies’ retail gas volumes to grow steadily.
In recent years, companies have accumulated access to 22,000 new business users, a decrease of 0.3 million (-13.0 per cent) compared to the previous year. By the end of 2022, companies had accumulated access to 2.7921 million household users, with urban combustion projects covering areas accessible to the urban population.
A total of 1,331.96 million households; 22.45 million businesses have accumulated access, with installation-days designed to produce 183 million gas. As the gasification rate increases further, future company gas installation operations are expected to remain stable for a longer period of time, with more than 2 million new homes being developed each year, and the expansion of gas installation will open space for further growth in retail gas.
Figure 34: Cumulative number of business users of companies and daily capacity for installation
The value of the deal was $8.55 billion, of which the listed company bought 45% of the share in New Olympic Hill (for $4.275 billion) and cash for New Olympic Technology, New Olympic Group, New Olympic Holdings, and New Olympic Holdings respectively.
Twenty-five per cent, 15 per cent and 5 per cent of the shares (for $4.275 billion) are to be paid for in cash by the fully-owned subsidiary of the listed company, Nueva Otizin. Upon acquisition, the listed company will be more flexible in its role as a support point for the canyon receiving station and in its efforts to strengthen synergies between the upper and lower secondary stages. 24 of the lng receiving station, with a combined processing capacity of 10,957,000 tonnes/year, have been built in the country.
The total capacity of large oils is 88.7 million tonnes/year (81 per cent), the New Olympics shares the largest private lng receiving station in the country — the Nuo Ocho Hill lng receiving station — and the canon leng receiving station project phase one or two with a design receiving capacity of 5 million tonnes/year, the actual processing capacity amounted to 7.5 million tonnes/year, and the post-construction capacity of the 2025 project phase III is expected to increase to 10 million tonnes/year.
Table 8: Construction of the Nuevo Ork Hill lng receiving station project 109.9 per cent annual cagr; reduction of lng imports and reduction of receiving station processing to 153,000 tons in 2022 due to the inversion of domestic and foreign gas spot prices; as gas prices return to normal, the company expects to do so in 2023
With more than 3 million tons of receiving station processing, Ochang Hill has achieved a net profit of 402 million yuan and a performance commitment of 115% (350 million yuan). With the increase in processing of lang at the canyon receiving station, the level of profit at the receiving station is expected to continue to rise.
Operating with a distinctly high fixed cost (depreciation amortization of fixed/intangible assets) and low-variable character, in the future, as receiving stations increase their processing volume, unit fixed costs are amortized, total unit costs are reduced, and net interest rates are expected to continue to rise.
Models, respectively, ng liquid storage services, ng gasification off-loading services and pipeline transport services, with charges for unloading, warehousing, gas processing, pipeline transmission, etc. In recent years, the New Orc Hills have been actively engaged in new derivatives such as capture leasing, eng ship apostasy, and such services are fully marketed and the efficiency and profitability of future receiving stations are expected to improve
Table 9: The type of operation of the Nuevo Hill lng receiving station. Taken together, the New Olympics shares integrate upstream sources of gas, midstream storage and downstream distribution resources, covering the entire natural gas chain, which is the scarce urban combustion company in the country with the advantage of upstream and downstream integration.
Access to rich, long-term, low-priced domestic and foreign sources of gas is possible through experience in the field of deep-farming natural gas and good international credibility and image, as well as high-quality urban combustion projects with receiving assets and downstream national layouts, while corporate gas endowments provide strong guarantees for the steady growth of downstream gas retailing, direct sales, wholesales and receiving station operations.
The advantages of corporate upstream/downstream integration are fully reflected in the synergies and synergies between the links.
Integrated energy is targeted at energy users in the region, providing solutions for energy integration, such as cold, heat, gas, electricity (different models from those previously planned separately for different energy varieties, individually designed and operated individually), and through a central intelligent control service platform, achieving synergy and interaction between horizontal energy multi-variate and vertical “source-net-ship-storage-use” energy supply chains.
Resource-efficient, efficient, environmentally friendly, and user-friendly experiences are enhanced to better address the clean, low-carbon, efficient, and energy security aspects of energy supply. Integrated energy projects typically feature intelligent towns (including new, old towns/towns), industrial parks (including industrial parks, high-new parks, single or multi-purpose industries), cluster buildings (including single buildings and “subjects plus skirts”).
Driven by “double carbon” and energy transformation policies, the potential for the future development of integrated energy sources is achievable. In February 2021, the Ministry of Science and Technology issued the National Programme of Action for Green Development in High and New Regions, which calls for the promotion of green, low-carbon, recycling and intelligent transformation of parks based on existing industries in high and new regions of the country, planning for the year 2025, where the country's high and new regional units have combined industrial value added.
Reduction in consumption to less than 0.4 tons of standard coal/million yuan; in December 2021, a circular issued by the Joint Department of Industry and Communications of the IDB on matters related to the completion of the recycling and rehabilitation of the “XIV V” campus requested that by the end of 2025 all eligible provincial and higher parks (including economic and technological development zones, high-technology industrial development zones, export processing zones, etc.) be implemented
Environmentalization has significantly increased the level of development of green low-carbon cycles in parks.In January 2022, in its Opinions on Institutional Mechanisms and Policy Measures to Improve Green Low-Carbon Transitions in Energy, the Commission noted the need to explore regional integrated energy services mechanisms and to explore the integration of power generation, heat/cold and gas from the same market subject.
The multi-power complementary and multi-energy interface for integrated energy systems in the region encourages local competitive approaches to selecting regional integrated energy services investment operators, such as tenders, and requires public power grid enterprises, gas-supply enterprises, to provide reliable energy supply for enterprises operating integrated energy services, and to provide interfaces for the operation of supporting facilities.
As our carbon-control thinking continues, low-carbon transformation and construction of industrial parks will proceed in an orderly manner, the development of integrated energy resources will open up, and our future market for integrated energy services is expected to expand rapidly. Outside the country, the integrated energy services model is relatively mature, with large electricity companies in many developed countries, such as Germany, the United States, France, etc.
The industries have been transformed into integrated energy service providers, such as the American Pacific Gas Electricity Company, the French Electric Power Company, the León Group of Germany, which, in addition to providing a wide range of energy supplies, provide diversified services such as energy-saving improvements, demand-side responses, distributed power supply access, and electric car access. In Germany, for example, the León Group is the largest power company in Germany.
Its integrated energy services are based on energy sales and provide customized low-carbon energy solutions for business and household users, focusing on energy supply and distribution.
The Ieon Group Network, the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, has a significant customer resource advantage in the development of integrated energy operations, with a variety of products supporting corporate carbon-safe solutions.
The Department’s integrated energy operations focus on developing low-carbon parks, low-carbon plants, low-carbon buildings, low-carbon transport, and the four main categories of customers. The company has 220,000 domestic gas users downstream, and a further 1 million + 10,000 non-gas customers in the area of operation, most of whom, especially listed companies and export-oriented enterprises, have stronger demand for esg and energy structures in their industrial parks.
The need for low-carbon transformation provides a customer resource advantage for companies to develop integrated energy operations. Companies use natural gas as an entry point, combining local energy endowments such as wind, light, etc., to customize integrated energy solutions for customers, in addition to natural gas, to provide them with steam, cold, and energy-saving energy reductions, depending on their energy needs.
Energy sources such as heat, electricity, etc.; companies have generally entered into long-term contracts with users of industrial parks, factories, etc. for 25-30 years to invest in, build, operate equipment for cold heating systems, distributed wind and light voltage, storage, etc., and charge a support fee and a continuous supply of energy. In addition to a variety of energy products, company operations in recent years have also extended to low-carbon and safety aspects, such as the provision of low-carbon plant recognition.
Products such as certification, carbon emissions monitoring, carbon verification, gas safety, electricity safety, business production safety, etc. In the area of electricity, companies actively deploy incremental distribution grids, virtual power plants, mini-distribution grids, etc., to provide customers with high-to-low distribution grids, down-to-end, and out-to-wide multi-food types responding to demand side by side, in line with the concept of “source network integration”
In the case of integrated energy operations, for example, based on the company ' s typical project, Beijing Daeheung Airport, the solution of which combines ground heat pumps, photovoltaics, power cooling and a number of smart platforms has created a green energy system in the park, supported by municipal gas, municipal electricity and extraregional green power, with 30 per cent combined energy efficiency and 80 per cent combined energy efficiency in the park area.
The company anticipates a gradual increase in the proportion of clean energy to 100 per cent in the future.
The company ' s integrated energy projects expanded rapidly, and the high rate of growth of the combined energy sales was driven by the rapid rate of growth. In 2018-2022, public integrated energy projects were completed and put into operation, bringing the cumulative number of projects to 210, resulting in combined energy sales of 22.24 billion kilowatt-hours of cold, heat, electricity, etc., an increase of 16.6 per cent over the same period, with combined energy camps generating $12.52 billion, an increase of the same amount.
The total potential use of the company ' s integrated energy projects amounts to 59.7 billion kilowatt-hours, with a significant reduction in the project conversion cycle. Of this total, the Department ' s 210 integrated energy projects, which accumulated 34.1 billion kilowatt-hours of potential use, are under construction, while 54 are under construction, with a potential energy use of 7.6 billion kilowatt-hours of potential delivery capacity. In addition, the company has signed 1,679 projects (27 low-sized)
Carbon park + 1382 low-carbon plants + 270 low-carbon buildings) with a potential capacity of over 18 billion kWh. Corporate integrated energy project conversion cycle has been reduced from 12 months to 6 months, with a business transformation rate of over 50%. 3.2 Hydrogen Energy Projects have experience.
The company has been carrying out hydrogen-related projects since 2011 and, after more than 10 years of accumulation, now has mature hydrogen-based engineering experience, covering all mainstream hydrogen-generation pathways for coal-based hydrogen, gas-based hydrogen, electrolysis, hydro-hydrogen.
With natural gas as a feedstock, relying on proprietary hydrogen-owned technologies, autonomously designed and built hydrogen-making plants to supply 12 million m/year hydrogen supply to customers in the pharmaceutical sector and to extend the gas industry chain; in addition, the construction of a demonstration park for the industrialization of hydrogen energy at Zhang's mouth, using electrolytic hydrogen technology, and hydrogen regulation by a subsidiary of the company, Newland Energy Project, epc.
By the end of 2022, the company had been involved in more than 40 hydrogen projects. In 2022, the company had successfully signed a contract with San Xi Jindao.
The combined hydrogen epc contract for coal, carbon capture lang, and the integrated energy services for hydrogen, hydrogen, refuelling, gas and power supply, with a cumulative contract value of $4.7 billion, of which the hydrogen-related contract value is $1.4 billion, figure 46: the company ' s hydrogen-energy plate layout
Hydrogen from fossil materials, industrial by-product hydrogen gas, electrolytic hydrogen.
>As part of the many engineering projects developed by the country's leading natural gas cracking hydrogen technology >to attract China ships with rich hydrogen engineering experience, with 718 co-operations in the field of domestic power generation using the coal-fired hydrogen technology.
>Breaking gas catalytic transformation and steam conversion systems Demonstrations of hydro-hydrogen applications Hydrogen technology, continuous technological economic upgrading
The company has completed 200 kg/d gas fielding.
>In collaboration with leading institutions, companies build hydrogen-drying devices and research and development are actively developing hydrogen energy laboratories and joint ventures. ]
500kg/d installation development Hydrogen blending experiments IV. Increased coal prices and increased profits from coal operations
The company owns mining rights in the Royal Ordos coal mine in Inner Mongolia and currently produces 8 million tonnes/year, and as coal capacity increases steadily, the company expects to increase forward production capacity to 10 million tonnes/year. The coal mining, washing, delivery, etc., is entrusted to third parties. The company's coal is predominantly non-coated, with a small number of long coals; the main coal products include coal blending and sperm washing.
Coal, of which coal is often used as power coal, and refined coal can be used as raw materials for the coal industry. Corporate sales of coal increased to 5.24 million tons, an increase of 34.4 per cent compared to the previous year.
Tons, rising by 131.5 per cent in the same year; also benefiting from the rise in the price of coal, in 2021, with a sharp decline in production, the company's public mining business continued to grow by $2.21 billion, or 41.1 per cent, and its operating profits by $1.31 billion, or 243.2 per cent, respectively. In 2022, the coal price hub rose further, with the new mining industry rising by $2.98 billion, or 35.2 per cent, and its operating profits.
15.90 billion yuan, an increase of 21.5 per cent over the same period.
The company's coal-chemical industry is the production and sale of methanol. The company's main raw material is coal, which is purchased in and around the city of Ordos in Inner Mongolia. The company currently owns two coal-based methanol units with a combined design capacity of 1.2 million tonnes/year. In 2022, the company produced 1.53 million tons of methanol, an increase of 7.7% per cent in the same year; and sales of 1.14 million tons, a decrease of 0.7 per cent in the same year.
1) New Olympic shares have the advantage of a gas-wide industry chain that effectively withstands fluctuations in gas prices and sustains steady and robust growth in profitability. Upstream direct-marketing operations have hh-linked, low-price-association sources, downstream domestic sales coincide with international resale operations, and with the opening up of domestic markets and the start-up of more low-price associations, direct-distribution operations have been characterized by high growth and high profitability.
2) Corporate retail gas operations have diversified and stable upstream resource pools, with a high share of three oil low pipelines and continuous improvement in downstream surplus capacity; benefiting from international gas prices and domestic economic recovery, the company ' s retail gas volume is expected to pick up, retail gas volume is expected to pick up, the company ' s integrated energy business is growing brightly, and industrial parks, factories, construction as the country ' s carbon management thinking continues to land.
The construction of low-carbon renovations and construction is continuing, and the space for our integrated energy market is expected to continue to open; we anticipate a severe economic downturn in the country and a slower than expected increase in natural gas consumption; less than expected progress in the construction of the receiving station project; less favourable domestic gas prices; and lower than expected sales of integrated energy.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade and worked on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th and 5th national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations, and joined in June 2016.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal industry. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, which was a certificate in the use of large energy plates such as electricity and natural gas.
He has worked for many years in coal production, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
Wu Bojing, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where components of the coal, coal, and chemical industries were not and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.