Starwoo shares (601799.sh)
Production and sales are affected by the epidemic, which adds up the price of raw materials, leading to a fall in revenue and profits in the first half of the year. 202,022 Māori rises in the ring ratio and higher expenditure on research and development. In consideration of the change in accounting policy, we have increased the amortization of salaries, research and development materials and depreciation, mainly for our employees, by “Machael 202,02022 increase in the cost of research and development”.
As a result, the increase in the management cost rate was mainly due to increases in the remuneration of employees. The epidemic affected sales of some client models, which are expected to recover in the second half of the year.
As the epidemic subsides, clients are expected to recover in the second half of the year. The end of the product continues to upgrade, with clients extending from joint ventures to new forces and autonomy.
In the first half of the year, the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by the company was about 40 per cent, and in July it won 2022 the year "Sung-woo shares (601799.sh) - 4-quarter performance loops improved, with cost-based coverage The highest award for the ideal car is the "Ideal Top Award." The company's high-quality digital light research and development was successful.
"Seonwoo shares (601799.sh) - new technology for forward-looking headlights, which is constantly being updated, projects for intelligent manufacturing estates I, II and III have been completed and are in operation, Serbian factory "Seonwoo shares (601799.sh) -- 25% increase in February, short-term missing cores remain intact."
With the construction going well, the European mainframe project will begin in 2022 with the approval phase.
Industry endadb and project lamp industry trends are validated, companies actively embrace new technologies and front-end new customers. Given the impact of the first half of the epidemic on the company’s downstream customers, we lower profit forecasts, and some of the company’s customers’ model sales are affected by the epidemic to varying degrees, adding high prices of raw materials to public prices.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income from Starwoo's shareholdings and the same rate of increase The company's control over goods or services was reclassified from “sale costs” to the heading “business costs” prior to the transfer of its control over the goods or services to the customer and the cost of contractual performance such as storage fees, transportation costs and so forth incurred in fulfilment of the client's contract
The Māori ratio is incomparable to the same caliber (some of the costs of sales are included in the cost), and we use the Māori ratio to improve the Māori ratio of the company's 202202 Māori ratio, with net interest rates remaining at 12 per cent, behind it or due to improved corporate customer structure, and efficiency gains in corporate productivity.
In terms of cost rates, 2022h1, the company IV rate is 9.95 per cent, the same ratio is +1.40 pct, in which sales/management/research are partially off the cost end, and sales rates are not comparable. Here we focus on the other three rates, 20202, and the company management/R & D/financial rates are 3.52/7.70-0.32 per cent, respectively, with the same ratio.
The increase is mainly due to increases in employee remuneration, research and development materials, and depreciation amortization, and the increase in management costs is mainly due to increases in employee remuneration. Some clients are expected to recover in the second half of the year because of the impact of the epidemic on sales of model vehicles.
The Department ' s core clients were affected by the same drop in mass production by the same core core core, with some of the patients affected by the epidemic falling by 2202 output ring ratios of 2201. According to the Central Air Association production data, one mass output was equal to 10.9 per cent, one ring to 4.6 per cent, one gas ring to 27.8 per cent, a wide vehicle to + 53.6 per cent, and a ring to 7.9 per cent.
The same ratio + 70 per cent, ring ratio - 21 per cent; the same sales volume + 12 per cent, ring ratio - 17 per cent; the same sales volume + 27 per cent, ring ratio + 28 per cent, cumulative year + 20 per cent in June; the same vehicle ratio + 40 per cent, ring ratio - 2 per cent in July; and a high volume of sales in July, followed by a easing of the epidemic, with the prospect of a recovery in client production during the second half of the year.
Figure 9: Annual comparison of vehicle/car productivity growth and the rate of growth in the share of the Starwood stock, one red flag dropped significantly in April, recovering from May to more than 20,000 vehicles per month. One red flag is a central client of the year-long deep collaboration between Star Chief and most of the cars under the flag are long-term, 2018.
In the year, red flag brand sales broke out by 30,000 for the first time, and in 2019, the main salesr suv car was listed, red flag hs5, red flag sales broke out by 100,000 a year in 2019, and in 2020, red flag brands almost reached their target sales volume of 200,000, sales by +98 per cent, and red flag sales by 300,000 in 2021, an increase of 53 per cent in 2022.
In August 2020, the Red Flag h9 was placed on the market, making it a first-loader model for Starwoodb. The Star is more comprehensive in the red flag model, with more complex product design and higher value added (on a single-car average).
In 2021, more than 50% of the cumulative sales of the red flag contributed directly to the company's performance, and the red flag is expected to be the top five clients in 2022, and it is expected to continue to contribute to strong sales as the red flag rolls return.
At the end of the industry, there is a trend towards electronic and intelligent car lights. For front lights, with the spread of Led front lights, the front lights have evolved towards adb, hd-adb and dlp functions, leading to ancillary driving,
Information exchange, personal vehicle interaction, etc.. Post-combined lamps, with separate post-combined lamps heading through the trajectories. There is a clear trend in the development of the lights, which increases the size of the vehicle's tail lights, makes the whole car more beautiful and secure. Small lights, with consumer-specific demands, are new.
At the same time, car acupuncture lamps, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are gradually being upgraded by major agencies, figure 15: back-tail light technology upgrade route, figure 16: car accelerator technology upgrade route
At the company end, the product dimension enhances the new technology development application, the customer dimension continuously increases the new energy vehicle project, the product dimension enhances the new technology development application.
Technical conditions (roadvehicles-anti-fogcoatingforexternal application-supports)” were approved for publication; high-resolution digital lamps were developed successfully and received a high c-ncap rating; and the development of a "Cutting One" front lamp was advanced and the product was large in size, electron
High technical and technological requirements have enhanced the interaction of smart lights between cars, people, and cars; The Institute has continued to increase its exploration and investment in front-of-the-light technology and electronic car-related business; The client dimension, the company has continued to scale up new energy vehicle-type projects. The company is looking at new energy vehicles.
In the first half of 2022, companies accounted for about 40% of new energy-car projects, and quality new projects provided strong guarantees for the future development of companies. Currently, corporate customers cover a single-voltage, upper-energy, upper-gas, Dymler, Germany.
BMW, General Motors, Air Toyota, Volkswagen Toyota, Toyota Tung Fung, Volkswagen Honda, Changfeng Honda, Chang Ang Maseda, Red Flag, Sedan, Jili Car, Air General Mitsubishi, Bus, Car Chiré, Cars, Ullais, Ideals, Pelicans, Kirin, and many domestic and international car-building enterprises.
On 14 July 2022, the Global Partnership Conference of the Ideal Motors 2022 was held in Changzhou, where the Ideal Motors Strategic Partner was invited to participate and was awarded the top prize of the Ideal Motors Award for 2022. In July 2022, Toyota was awarded the Toyota Competition Award for 2021.
Figure 19: Starlight Appliance Clients: Figure 20: Starwoo's share was awarded the "Ideal Top Award" for the ideal automobile. 15 October 2021, Changzhou Starlight Inc. and Rainbow Soft Technology Ltd. in Hangzhou
Formally sign a strategic cooperation agreement. Both sides will fully integrate and collaborate on the basis of rainbow soft technology in the design of smart visual systems, the use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and the innovative development of full-scale visual algorithms and applications, and the Star Unit in the manufacture of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, etc.
Artificial intelligence technology and high-performance smart visual products work together in deeper collaboration in the field of automobile landing applications to serve global automobile mainframes. In addition, the Horizons had previously announced the completion of three rounds of c3-$350 million in financing to secure strategic ownership of a wide range of car industry chains, including starship shares, up and down.
Fig. 22: On February 16, 2022, of the horizon map series, Changzhou Starlight Ltd. and Hua Tung Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dongjung, China, on a letter of intent to cooperate in the light-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-carrying operation. According to the agreement, the parties will issue a letter of intent.
The two sides work together to build a strong strategic partnership for sustainable development, from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, leading the development of the smart car light industry, and creating a continuous lead intelligence in industry.
We believe that dlp projector lamps and adb lights are entering the market as a matter of course. This is both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, where the industrial chain is particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry.
Enterprises such as chips, software algorithms, based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic designs, are expected to continue to take the lead in the development of forward-looking products, widening the gap between the brands of other autonomous cars in the country.
The company’s smart manufacturing industrial parks I, II, and III projects have been completed and are now in operation; the automobile electronics and research and development centres have been completed and are gradually becoming operational; and the construction of the five-phase manufacturing industrial parks (a cross-cutting front-lighting plant) has begun.
In the short term, the company’s performance is under pressure in the second quarter, which we believe is related to the impact of the epidemic on the output of clients like the next general public, the red flag, etc. The company’s performance is expected to improve on a quarterly basis in the second half of the year after the epidemic subsides.
Toyota Toyota's competition award, Toyota's research and development award, and Quality Winners, has entered the system of suppliers of new powers (America, Pelican, Ideas) and head autonomy of brand customers, and has acquired the project. In the first half of 2022, the company took over the new project.
The number of energy vehicle-type projects is about 40 per cent, and new high-quality projects provide a powerful barrier to the company ' s future development; production-capacity dimensions, industrial parks I, II and III of the company ' s smart manufacturing industry have been completed and put into operation, the construction of plants in Serbia outside the sea has progressed steadily, and the European mainframe project has been in the production phase since 2022; and the product-vimation phase has been carried out.
As new technologies, such as dlp project headlights and adb headlights, have been brought to the market, as the Star has enhanced new technology development applications, 2022. The first half of the year, high-resolution digital headlights have been successfully developed and evaluated with a high c-ncap score, and companies have continued to advance adb forward.
In 2022-2023, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance with the release of vehicle-type orders plus overseas plants plus adb products.
On the long lanes, we take steps towards high-end (Japanese, German) and globalisation (Serbian construction) and, in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new powers, we actively explore new clients of the dominant and new powers, with a long logic. Given the impact of the first half of the epidemic on the company’s downstream customers, we turn down.
Comparable company valuation: we select Burtley, also with import substitution logic; Ko Boda, the core standard of the chain of lights industry; Tupou Group, a leading player in soundproofing, to conduct comparable corporate valuations (comparable market value levels or close to industry), with four comparable companies with an average of about 35 times the average perpe in 2023. We give Sung-woo a one-year period.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them