"Producer + Client" double-wheel drive, with autonomous headlights continuing on 01st 08, 2022, the company is an autonomous headlight business in the deep-farming industry.
The product consists of a full set of headlamps, with a wide range of clients, including, among other things, a crowd of people, a large number of Toyota, a large number of joint brands, such as East Wind, a large number of Toyota, and an autonomous brand, such as a red flag, a Chir vehicle. The company has shown excellent growth at the end of the market and at the end of the profit.
The `Customer Outreach + Product Upgrading' path has developed rapidly, allowing for the continuous expansion of high-quality clients and the continuous upgrading of the product structure, and has now grown into an autonomous front-loading enterprise.
The continued upgrading of the lamp will drive the continued growth of market size: 1 front lamp with two major upgrading pathways, with the led penetration in the front lamp now reaching a higher level of water, followed by the intelligent light, represented by adb and dlp, which will be an important upgrade of the front light.
Direction: 2 followed by a combination of light sources with two potential upgrades, from halogen to led to oled, and from separated tails to cross-cutting taillights; 3 and other light upgrades are mainly in the form of a continuous increase in carlights, as automobile consumption rises.
The penetration of the interior and the interior lights will continue to rise. In terms of pattern, the domestic car-light industry now has a very strong internal and foreign competition, with major players including Chinese visuals, the share of the stars, etc., domestic and foreign-owned lighting companies, as well as foreign-owned cars such as small-time cars, Stanley, Heila, Fareo, Marelli, etc.
As the level of smartness continues to rise, the gap between small and current frontline firms in terms of technology and regulation will widen further, and the concentration in the lighting industry is expected to increase further. “Property upgrade + customer expansion” is a two-wheel drive, with clear growth paths for companies.
The upgrade of the headlights to the adb further enhances the value of the headlights' bicycle attachments, and the company currently has the share of the star (601799): the endlights have been matched and produced to its clients, followed by a number of adb projects.
A batch will be achieved, and as corporate adb lights continue to be applied to customers, corporate front lights will continue to improve, and performance will accelerate The penetration of adb in products will steadily increase, pushing the corporate product structure upwards.
On the other hand, the company will further upgrade its share in the system of supply chains in Japan, such as Hiroshima, Toyota, East Fung, and Hiroshima Honda.
In addition, the company’s investment in a company in Serbia will enhance the company’s ability to complement globalization, and Māori’s success is expected to continue.
Accompanies Europe's market, and products and customers infiltrate high-end, with a share in 1.A.S.A. - Autonomous lights of the Deep Farmer's business.
The company's deep-deep vehicle lamp industry is almost 30 miles old. Star Woo's share was created in 1993 and has been focused since its inception on the development, design, manufacture and sale of car lights (mainly for passenger cars), which are one of the country's main vehicle-wide lights, and one of the providers of design programmes. Following the "Corporate Extension + Product Upgrading" route, it has been going through almost 30 years.
The company is also a permanent member of the Sino-American Association of Lighting and Lighting Appliances Board, and serves as the head of the task force on the integration of the mandatory national standards for vehicle signalling and lighting.
Figure 1: SONG-woo shares development process. The company’s owner is Ms. Zhou Xiaoping. Ms. Zhou Xiaoping, the president and managing director of the company, directly holds 35.89% of the company’s shares and indirectly holds 3.71% of the company’s shares through the SONG investment, with a total of 39.60% of the company’s shares.
In addition, Ms. Zhou Xiaoping’s father held 12.22% of the company’s shares directly, and indirectly 2.48% of the company’s shares through an investment in Sung-woo, which together held 14.70% of the company’s shares. In sum, both Zhou Xiaoping’s parents held 54.30% of the company’s shares.
Figure 2: Corporate stock structure (Report 2021) The company’s products focus on car lights. The company’s carlight products include, inter alia, headlights, post-combined lamps, fog lamps, daylights, indoor lights, and atmosphere lamps. In addition, the company produces triangular warning signs.
In the event of a parking stop or accident, the triangular warning sign serves as a warning for the rear vehicle.
The company’s downstream customers include German, Japanese, and Chinese companies with autonomous brands. The company’s downstream customers include a populist public, a populist public, a toyota, Hiroshima toyota, Hiroto Honda, East Feng Honda, East Fung Japanese, Upper Steam General, a red flag, Chiri, Dymler, Germany, BMW, etc.
The company's major clients are: a populist, a red flag, an gas toyota, an air toyota tonto, a Chiri car and a gas tonto. The customer structure (by sales caliber) was one gas toll in the first half of 2020 (39.04%), a gas toyota (11.09%), a car to Chirí (7.30%), a gas ton ton (6.18%), an east ton ton (6.01%) and the top five.
Clients together accounted for 70 per cent of the total. In 2021, as a result of a decline in the volume of mass sales, the share of corporate sales to the general public declined: the share of sales of a single red flag grew faster and the share of corporate revenues increased further.
Corporate headlights have increased overall. In terms of sales, corporate headlights have been sold up to a high of 70,812.2 million in 2011: in 2020 and 2021, the total number of company headlights has declined as a result of a decrease in small headlights.
The structure of the lamp products has been optimized, and the sales of the headlights and post-combined lamps have continued to increase. By category, sales of the company ' s headlights and post-combined headlights have increased from 1.55 million in 2011 and 3.99 million headlights, respectively, to 6.26 million headlights and post-combined headlights in 2021. On the one hand, the sales of headlights and backlights have continued to increase.
The share of total lights sales has continued to rise; on the other hand, both front and post-combined lamps have benefited from the technological upgrading of products, with a significant increase in value. Thus, the share of revenue from front and post-combined lamps in corporate headlight revenues has continued to rise, from 35.73 per cent and 24.47 per cent, respectively, in 2009 to 40 per cent by 2021 (estimated).
Benefiting from the optimization of the marketing structure and the continuous upgrading of various products, company lamp productsasp have increased steadily over the past decade. The unit price of company lamp products has increased from $35.86/only continuously in 2011 to $111.99/only in 2021, mainly by: 1; company lamp sales have continued to be optimized; and high-value front and post-combined lamps sales have been proportionally distributed.
In the case of continuous upgrading; and in the case of company car lamps, which benefit from technological upgrading (ledification and increased penetration of intelligence), there is a continuing increase in value (as in the case of previous lamps, the price of halogen lamps was only $200-250 up and down, and the price of halogen lamps was only as high as $800-1,000).
Figure 7: Companies show steady growth at both the end of their earnings and the end of their profits. Companies show excellent growth at the end of their earnings and have seen steady growth since they were listed.
The steady growth of the automobile industry and the continuous upgrading and expansion of companies at the product and customer ends, and the steady growth of the operating income of the Division of Corporate Revenue at the operating income levels, which has been growing steadily for the tenth consecutive year, are $5.657 billion, $6.855 billion and $7.048 billion, respectively, representing the share of income from the main business.
More than 99% (about 90% of business income) can be seen in the concentration of the company’s product distribution structure, and the pattern of vehicle lighting products has always been the company’s core product category. The share of other business income in business income has been lower than 10% in recent years, and is relatively low, mainly in material sales and scrap sales.
The corporate net return profit has grown steadily since it was listed. The net return profit of the company grew from 167 million in 2011 mainly as a result of a sustained increase in the size of the company ' s income and the overall level of profitability. Of this, in 2021, the public administration achieved a net return profit of 949 million yuan, a negative increase of 18.12% over the same period, mainly in raw materials prices in 2021.
Profitability also remained generally stable, with temporary pressure from the price of raw materials rising in 2021. Since the market, the main factors have been the continued improvement in the product structure (the ratio of front-light and post-combined lamps sales) and the technological upgrading of car-light products (led).
In 2021, the Māori rate fell by 5.22 percentage points in the same year, mainly in terms of: 1 increase in the price of raw materials. With respect to net interest rates, the trend in net interest rates of companies is basically the same as the Māori rate.
After the growth, the cost of the company period reached a high of 11.66% in 2015, followed by a year-to-year drop, which is expected to be mainly due to the decline in the cost of sales following the increase in the size of the company's sales. For the last four years, the cost of the company's period as a whole has shown an overall downward trend in recent years: 1; the cost of the company's sales, on the one hand, is the company's revenue schedule.
The scale effect of the expansion, on the other hand, the adjustment of corporate accounting standards in 2021 led to a significant decline in the cost of sales (freight and storage from sales costs to operating costs): 2. Corporate management rates have remained relatively stable in recent years, at a level of 2.6 per cent: 3. Corporate R & D rates have increased steadily over the last four years, mainly among companies.
Increased R & D, resulting from the sustained increase in R & D inputs in recent years:4 corporate financial costs have been kept at a low level.2 Space: the continuous upgrading of car lamps drives market-scale growth by 2.1. Carlights are important components of vehicles with lighting and signal transmission functions
Carlights are called car eyes. Carlights are one of the car’s key parts, with lighting, information exchange, beauty features, etc. that have an important impact on the utility, safety, and beauty of the car. A normal car lamp has a life cycle of 2.5 to 3 years, with re-engineering of the car during medium-term changes and full replacements.
Carlights can be divided by function into lighting units and signalling devices. The lighting units serve as lighting, including, inter alia, front lights, front fog lights, reverse lights, reading lights, suitcase lights, etc.; the signal lamps function as transmitting signals to the outside world, including, inter alia, position lamps, contour lamps, turnlights, rolling lights, brake lamps, etc.
Carlights are parts of the driveway that have the capability for continuous upgrading. Carlights have the capability for continuous upgrading. Carlights, as key parts of cars, determine the beauty of the vehicle and its safety, and their development is almost at the same time as that of the vehicle itself.
The continuous upgrading also imposes product upgrading requirements on the vehicle lamps, which, with the development of light-source technology, the upgrading of vehicle safety requirements, the upgrading of vehicle smartness levels and the development of vehicle-looking designs, are three main upgrading pathways for the light-light products at various dimensions: (1) light-source technological upgrading; (2) intelligent upgrading; and (3) structural upgrading.
There are also differences in the path of product upgrades. Forelights are the key to safety and the most technologically different products, while upgrading paths are available in light-source technology, smart technology and plastic structure III; subsequently, combined lamps are mainly continuously upgraded in light-source technology and structure; and other lights are reflected in the structure.
The number of small lamps continues to grow, such as in-car climate lamps, lighting grids, logo lamps and welcome lights, and the upgrading of small lamps is more evident in the increase in the number of small lamps, such as indoor atmospheres.
Other lights. Lights, lighting grids, logo lights, welcome lights.
2.2.1. Forelights: Afs, adb, dlp intelligent levels continue to be upgraded and prelight sources continue to be upgraded. The forelight sources are developed from the earliest acetylene gas lamps and incandescent lamps to the most basic halogen lamps, then upgraded to thorium gas lamps, further upgraded to ed lamps, and finally to the latest laser lamps.
With the upgrading of the light source, the performance of the headlights continues to improve. As the technology of the headlight source upgrades, its performance indicators, such as light intensity, useful life, energy loss, etc., are continuously optimized and upgraded, further improving the visual scope of night lighting and the reliability of the lights, and increasing the safety of night driving.
Longer life, high start, lower heat, low brightness, larger volume, regular replacement of light bulbs.
Halogen lamps Telelights, near-lights, fog for lensed far-lights, near-lights, front-mortlights
With the development of smart technology and the ongoing drive safety drive, smart technology has begun to be applied to front lights. To further improve the lighting of front lights and enhance the safety of night driving, people have started to use smart technologies to control road lighting proactively, and intelligent technologies have gradually infiltrated the front lights.
Affs-adb-dlp's product iterative route. Afs from the front-light system: afs are made up of sensors, electronic control units, carlight control systems, and front-light four parts. When working, sensors pass angles, speeds, etc. into the ecu, the ecu process backwards.
The headlight control system gives the headlights the direction to the corner. The headlights turn the angle. The aff systems have basic lighting models, urban road lighting patterns, high-speed road lighting patterns, bad weather patterns and curve lighting patterns, and the affs can be converted in a variety of modes to improve the safety of driving cars.
The afs system suffers from deficiencies: the afs system is designed primarily for light in the near-light light, and when remote lights are used, afs are generally limited to driving safety improvements. adb (adaptiveddringbeam) systems are known to adapt themselves to the long-light system and are also known to be lightless.
Addb is a technology that integrates advanced technology such as machine visualization, complex sensors, array light sources, etc. The adb system emerges to compensate for deficiencies in the afs system on the one hand, and to meet the needs of future intelligent driving on the other.
Lights. Automatically change the light type to the position of the other vehicles in the forward view, so as to avoid the dazzling of distant lights to other road users.
To the information sent by the visual perception module, and in conjunction with the information from other sensors, the information is analysed, processed and judged by control algorithms; the light modem module is then driven to regulate the light, eventually leading to the intelligent regulation of the headlight. The matrix led is the main way to achieve the current adb function.
Figure 20: The structure of the matrix adb system is less visible, leading to a higher incidence of accidents at night.
It's much better than near-lights, but because of the impact of long-lights on vehicles in front of or in front of them, drivers are required to use near-lights at night on roads with lighting conditions. But, according to data from Japanese statistical machines, almost the majority of night-time accidents occur in vehicles using near-lights, which means more than that.
Low visibility makes it difficult for the driver to notice pedestrians on the road. Adb adapts to the long-light system to significantly improve safety at night. adb makes it unnecessary for the driver to switch the near-lights and long-lights manually.
The lighting of the road surface was enhanced and the safety of night driving was improved. Adb penetration increased by target: global penetration of dlp (digital light processing) was projected to reach dlp by 2025.
The dlp lamp, in addition to the dazzling features of the adb system, adds a further light partition, raising the resolution of the car lamp significantly, with more than 1 million location-based pixels per headlight, a 10,000-fold increase compared to the adb of the matrix led.
dmd (digital microscope device) is the core device in the dlp lamp. Depending on the configuration, dmd contains hundreds of thousands or millions of individually controlled microscopes, each of which corresponds to a pixel, each of which can be controlled separately.
The microscopes reflect light from the light source into the lens into a pixel, and the microscopes reflect light from the light source to the light absorption module when the pixel point is dark. By controlling the microscope, they can form the various light types required, and control the pixelization of the light type is achieved.
dlp significantly improved the resolution of the lamp, giving the forward lamp the ability to project. dlp lights can project images and signs into the front road, such as drive marks or navigational direction, thereby achieving interactive information functions. Figure 22: working principles of dlp technology
Figure 23: Dlp technology provides a “project” capability for front-lights. 2.2.2. Post-combined lamps: both light-source and structural upgrades Post-car combination lamps have two main upgrading directions: (1) light-source upgrading: (2) structure-style.
Then the combination of light sources is upgraded along the path of halogen ldoled. The traditional taillights are halogen sources, but the halogen taillights are yellow and light is low. Led tails have long-lived, high-luminous, low-capacity, quick-response features, and the Led taillight penetration is now at a very high level; and the left has a spontaneous light feature.
It doesn't need any light-source system to support it, and it's thin enough to reduce the size of the taillight, and it's light-sourced and reflective, even-massed, and it's a non-polar mode, which makes it very suitable for the tail-lights. The taillights also evolve from a separate to a cross-cutting mode.
The design of the cross-cutting taillights has also developed rapidly. The cross-cutting taillights have increased the lighting area at the rear of the vehicle, and the horizontally long lightband design has increased the sense of technology, beauty, recognition and safety.
Other small lights are upgraded mainly through a continuous increase in the number of items. In the traditional car lighting configuration, except for front and rear lights, small lights include, inter alia, fog lamps, suitcase lamps, indoor lamps, back-up lights, licence plates and instrument lamps, which are functional and act as lighting and information transmission. As car consumption continues to increase, as well as led, led, led, etc.
Developments in light-source technologies such as oled, and a growing variety of internal and external radiant lamps to meet consumer demand for car beauty, luxury, and personalization. Internal radiant radiance lamps: The interior radiance lights were raised earlier and continuously. On the one hand, the interior radiant radiances are covered.
The perimeter is growing, and the surrounding configurations of carpets, roof sheds, door panels, and control tables are growing; on the other hand, the atmosphere is becoming more intelligent, the colours of lights are increasing, and the dark and color changes are being controlled in a more diverse way.
Lights, gas grids, etc. are gradually recognized by the mainframe plant and produced on the model.
In terms of value, the volume of lamp products is increasing as the product is upgraded. Forelights: the price of traditional haloline headlamps is 200-250 dollars per lamp; for aglygen lamps is 400-500 dollars per lamp: the price of aled headlamps is 800-1,000 dollars per lamp: the price of anadb headlights is 1300-year for a higher level of intelligence.
3000 dollars per lamp; the price of the most advanced dlp lamp is as high as $80 million-$10,000 per lamp. Post-combined lamps: traditional halogens have a price of $400-500 per lamp: led has a price of $800-1200 per lamp: oled has a price of 2,500-3000 per lamp.
A traditional separate, post-combined lamp. Lights: The traditional light is equipped with a bicycle value of $400-800, while the new type of light has a higher value, such as the atmosphere light price is usually configured to 500-1,000 dollars per set.
Trends in the volume of lorries in vehicle lamps: when all lamp products are aggregated, it can be observed that the volume of lorries in the lamp products continues to increase with the upgrading of the lamp.
(a) The single-car value of thorium gas lamps (the thallium gas lamp + the halogen tail lamp + the traditional lightlight): $1,600-2300;
China’s market demand for car lamps is expected to reach $116.5 billion in 2025. On the one hand, as China’s traffic sales continue to grow in a narrow sense, and on the other hand, lamps, taillights and light-light products have grown by 14 per cent in light-source technology, intelligence levels, and compound growth rates between 2025 and 2025.
3. Patterns: There is currently a strong pattern of domestic and foreign competition 3.1. Carlights suppliers are closely and closely associated with the mainframe, lights suppliers are closely associated with downstream mainframes. Carlights are key parts and components for cars.
On the one hand, the entry of a lamp factory into the entire supply chain is subject to strict vendor clearance, with high access thresholds and therefore high replacement costs; on the other hand, the high frequency of renewal of the lamp products, usually for 2-3 years, and the long design cycle of the lamp, with pre-expense costs such as design and model development;
The main plant tends to work with a fixed light supplier, and a lamp product is usually set as a stand-alone supply. Some of the lights have a stake in the main plant. Some of the lights are closely connected to the main plant, and some of the manufacturers have a stake in each other, such as Toyota as shareholder of the light; Toyota as stockholder in the field; and the Chinese view is the upper band.
In the group, the CarLight Enterprise is a company owned by a company owned jointly by Volroc and Hira: the Wei Weibo Lights Department, which was acquired by Varroc and once by Ford; and the Heiner River Seal Light in Beijing, which is a joint venture between North Gas and Heirah: Marelli was formerly a subsidiary of Fca.
3.2. There are high barriers to entry in the carlight industry, where the market share is concentrated among leading manufacturers. Barriers to entry in the carlight industry include, inter alia, customer resource barriers, technical barriers, cost barriers, and quality certification walls.
The global spotlight market has a higher concentration, with a higher concentration of 52% cr3 and 74% cr5. The global lamphouse, with a 25% share of the global market in 2020, has a higher concentration of industry.
The rest of the head businesses, including Marelli, Fareo, Stanley, Heila, and Weirikko, had global market shares of 14%, 13%, 12%, 10%, and 6% respectively in 2020. China’s car-light market was characterized by a “more than one” industry, with a higher market concentration.
In 2019, China’s vision (formerly Shanghai Xiaomei) was ranked first at 28% of the market share, leading more significantly. Haira, Xiaojing, Stanley, Starwoo, and Fareo, with 12%, 12%, 11%, 9%, and 7% of the market share, respectively, classified China as the second to sixth market. In terms of concentration, China’s carlight market was 52% crr and 72% crr.
The rest of the domestic lighting industry also includes car cars, lights, lights, skyscrapers, but there is a difference between the size of the whole and the head lighting plant. A higher level of intelligence in the area of headlights would further concentrate the market’s share on the head.
Technology imposes greater demands on the technological development and financial strength of carlight companies, which will lag behind in the changes in the industry, and the market share will be further concentrated towards the head.
The following figure sums up the relationship between the country's leading car-lighting companies and the mainframe plant (the yellow part represents the existence of equity, 4. The consolidation of the competitive advantage of internal merit, and the continuous growth of the company, 4.1.
The amount of R & D investment and the share of R & D in revenue are increasing. The number of R & D investment in companies has increased from $103 million in 2015 and the number of R & D personnel has increased in parallel.
Corporate research and development projects for advanced carlight technology have been heavily deployed, ensuring companies’ continued leadership in the area of carlight technology. In particular, in the context of the rapid increase in the intellectualization of carlights, sustained technology research and development will enhance the competitiveness of the company’s markets.
The company has been steadily promoting capacity-building since it was listed, laying the foundation for a sustained increase in the volume of company car lights sold. Since it was listed, the company has steadily expanded its production capacity by building “500,000 reed lamps and accompanying projects” and “Foshan workers” every year.
Production capacity, such as plant phase one-two, smart manufacturing industrial park phase one-two-three, and overseas production base Serbian plant, has laid the foundation for growth in the size of the company ' s industry.
In 2020, the company issued a transferable loan to finance the construction of an intelligent-manufacturing industrial-modeling plant and an intelligent-manufacturing industrial-based electronics plant.
Sub-support capabilities are becoming more demanding; at the same time, electronic and intelligent light structures are becoming more complex, with higher requirements for the number and accuracy of vehicle lamps to be developed, which require greater capacity and level of model development in the lighting industry. Through the construction of model plants and electronics plants, the company will be able to extend upstream into the light industry chain, which will be further developed.
Improving the competitiveness of firms in the market. The construction of modular plants will bridge the capacity gap in the future for the production of corporate modular and engineering tools and enhance their development capacity and level; the construction of electronics plants will enhance the company’s electronic support capacity and will further enhance the company’s profitability by increasing the self-control rate of the company’s electronic modules.
Longitudinal contrasts between corporate market shares and client structure have shown a steady increase since the company was listed. We calculate the market share of a company's domestic market by using both high-value front-lights and post-package lamps.
A steady increase in the number of lights from 6.22 per cent in 2011 to 14.86 per cent in 2021, with an average of 0.86 per cent per year
The company has continued to expand its German, Japanese, and luxury brand customers. The company has continued to expand in German, Japanese, and luxury mainframes for the last decade, and the accompanying model and lamp products have been upgraded. The company’s client structure continues to be optimized.
In the course of the year, the number one public was the company’s top customer, with sales reaching 40 per cent, and the sales earnings of customers such as Toyota, Red Flag, East Wind, etc. continued to rise. 4.3. Looking at the future growth direction of the company in terms of both its product and customer dimensions
Product upgrade direction: The penetration rate of the adb lamp for the public and a red flag vehicle has now begun to rise, and the value of the adb lamp has been further raised to $1300-$3,000 per lamp, based on the average light, while there is still room for upgrading of the solar system and the led rate for the autonomous brand; in addition, tail and small lights are equally capable of continuous upgrading.
The increase in the value of all types of lamps will contribute to the growth of corporate income as a whole. Customer outreach: the domestic share of company lamps products has now risen to around 15%, and the share in the customer supply system is already higher among the general public, a red flag, a toyota, and so on, and the company will further develop its solar system.
Clients such as luxury brands and new drivers of car construction have further increased their market share. Moreover, the company’s current business owners are concentrated in the domestic market, and the establishment of factories in Serbia will help the company to further expand the European market, which is an all-embracing addition, and to create synergies with domestic productive capacity to access global subcontracts from downstream customers.
5. Profit forecasts and investment proposals Business income projections: benefiting from the continuous upgrading of lamp products, the increasing penetration of adb lamps, the build-up of companies, the continuous expansion of downstream customers such as the solar system, luxury brands and new forces, and a steady increase in revenues from the company ' s lighting business.
The income from the controller operations is expected to grow steadily as the volume of goods from the company controls increases. The income from the triangular signs operations is expected to remain stable at a low rate overall. On balance, we expect the company ' s operating income for 2022-2024 to be projected at a Māori rate, respectively: it is expected that the product structure will continue to improve as the productivity of the company rises and the customer is closed.
1. Unexpected sales in the car industry: the company has a wide range of downstream customers, including mainly joint and autonomous brands such as German, Japanese and other brands, such as a red flag, Chirí, etc., which would have a negative impact on the company ' s operating income and profitability if sales in the domestic car industry fell short of expectations.
2. The technology of the carlights has not been upgraded as expected: the lighting industry is a part and part track with the greatest potential for continuous upgrading. Currently, the front lamp is being upgraded from a normal led light to a smart adb light, which will lead to an increase in the number of bicycles that will be used for the lamp, and if the penetration of the light is not increased as fast as expected, it will be.
The growth in corporate operating income has had a negative impact.3 New customers are not as successful as expected: the company is now actively developing luxury brands and new drivers of car construction, and if new clients in the Department are not growing as fast as expected or when new customers are matched by new models, they will open up to the company.
The three major financial forecast tables for the share of Starryon are the currency units of the RMB.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board