px-pta-the chemical fibre chain is complete, leading in size. Pride petrochemicals are one of the national petrochemical-chemical longlines, and now form a business model for the integration and scale of the “fuel oils, quartz oils, aromatic aromatic hydrocarbons, pta-polyesters, silk-cracking” industry chain.
13.5 million tonnes of capacity and 5.95 million tonnes of equity capacity: 1.6 million tonnes for px, 500,000 tonnes for benzene, 1.1 million tonnes for polyester slices, 900,000 tonnes of fdy, Poy and 350,000 tonnes of dty capacity.
Research assistant: Wei Jiaxuan, 2016-2019, pta has entered the period of overcapacity digestion, with the industry starting at an annual rate of up to 10,000 tons; the demand for px corresponds to about 1.38 million tons and 5.45 million tons, respectively.
IL, with domestic px installations heavily operational in 2019, with an expected additional capacity of 1.8 million tons and 14.8 million tons in 2018-2019, it is expected that it will be absorbed in the future through alternative imports and that the self-sufficiency rate will increase to 65-70% by 2020.
The pta output increase is below the px demand and the scrubbing filament increase, which we believe will continue. The px output is heavily invested in 2019 or later, and the px device's profitability is expected to remain high next year.
There is a greater probability that the price differentials will keep growing each year as the rate of increase declines. The effect of the size of the whole industry chain is to be seen when the company is building the 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project at Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd., with a total size of 40 million tons/year.
40 million tonnes/year refined, 8 million tonnes/year dibenzene, 2.8 million tonnes/year of ethylene per year, one phase is expected to be completed by the end of 2018, and a two-phase rolling construction project is expected to be completed by the end of 2020. After the project is completed, the company will further consolidate and upgrade the advantages of industrial chain integration by placing the chain in place.
The project is located in the canoe, a green petrochemical base, and enjoys good geography, traffic advantages, and self-trade policy support.
ZG's joint venture to set up zolpidem guarantees the procurement and sale of fossilized raw materials.
Precious petrochemicals: in the first half of the year, net profit to mothers was $2,060 million, $3.062 billion, $7,129 million; ps 0.54 and Precious petrochemicals.
(002493.sz): The profit margin for products such as Zhejiang Stone has been significantly reduced by the Handheld Energy Group. The pta industry has continued its warmth, the px profit space is expected to be maintained in 2018, and the textile apparel has been growing.
Unlike the general public, the market fears that the profits of companies will be greatly affected by rising international oil prices and the intensive domestic px projects.
We believe that the domestic px project was heavily operational in 2019 and beyond, when the company’s petrochemical project was put into production, the chain of production was extended upstream, and the cost of the px could be effectively controlled. The new production capacity of the px in 2018 was low, and it would still be better off to offset the price hike of the cerebral oil against the px profit space.
1. In 2019, intensive production of px was expected to sustain profitability in 2018 as a result of a sustained increase in external self-sufficiency; the level of start-up in the industry as a whole increased year after year, with improved supply and demand patterns and renewed heating; and the price differentials are expected to continue to rise as long-silt strips benefit from a recovery in downstream textile clothing.
The 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project was successfully built, the chain of post-partum companies was further extended upstream, risk resistance was increased, and profits were significantly increased. The construction process for the ZP project was less than expected, international oil prices were highly volatile, and there was significant scope for profitability for products such as px, pta and others.
i. px-pta-chemical industrial chain is complete, leading in size. Emeritus petrochemicals are mainly involved in the production and sale of aromatic hydrocarbons, phenyldimethyl acids and polyester fibre-related products and are now shaped into a business model for the integration and scalding of the “fuel oils, paracetyl oils, aromatic hydrocarbons, pta-polyesters, platinum-carrying” industrial chain.
Flexible procurement of fuel oils, petrocephale oils from home and abroad, production of aromatic hydrocarbons through a range of physical and chemical reactions, production of pta products at pta base, production of pta products, sale of part of them to the outside world, production of silk and slices at company polyester plants, sale to the market, respectively.
The company will further consolidate and upgrade the advantages of industrial chain integration by extending the industrial chain upstream and gradually forming a more complete industrial chain dominated by petrochemicals, polyesters, silks, and ballistics, which will facilitate the realization of the company ' s development strategy and the sustainability of production operations.
The company and its subsidiaries have built a large polyester and scrubbed silk production base at the headquarters of Xiaoshan and have invested in large aromatic aromatic, pta production bases in Ningbo, Dalian and Hainan by holding or taking stock, to become tons; px, benzene production capacity, 1.6 million tons and 500,000 tons, respectively; polyester slice production capacity, 1.1 million tons; detergent, Foy, Poy
A total of 900,000 tons of productive capacity and 350,000 tons of production capacity. (i) Sustained growth in operating income and net profits.
The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, the 2 million tons/year aromatic hydrocarbons project, came into operation in March 2016, when profits increased significantly to $1.9 billion. Three years before 2017, with pta’s gradual recovery, the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow steadily.
(ii) The high profitability of gold petrochemicals, which contribute most of the Maori 1, aromatic aromatics, the world ' s largest fully-owned subsidiary, actively explores technological routes based on fuel oils and petrocephalus, which are significantly reduced
Material costs and production costs were 2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons per year, with the largest single-line capacity in the world, including 1.6 million tons of px capacity, 500,000 tons of benzene capacity, and 11.6 per cent of the country ' s total capacity.
The top three companies were China ' s petrochemical group, 4.41 million tons, Exxon Mifut, 3.120,000 tons, and Gigun, 2.47 million tons of energy. In the first half of 2017, the company achieved business income of 35.2 billion yuan, of which pta and aromatic hydrocarbons earned 189, respectively.
In 2012, the aromatic hydrocarbons project was adjusted to 900,000 tonnes/yearly to 2 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons project, which was launched in March 2016. The project was based on fuel oils and graphite oils and introduced a third generation of continuous re-engineering abroad.
Distillation and state-of-the-art production processes in the country, construction of four joint production units, supporting works such as oil storage, fuel gas collection, torching facilities, flaring, and public works such as compressed air stations, air partitions, residual heat recovery stations, refrigeration stations, sewage treatment sites and pipelines from the side plant area to the wharf.
The main products and production of the project were 2.0865 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons (1.6 million tonnes of c8 aromatic hydrocarbons + 48.65 million tonnes of benzene), 99.41 million tonnes/year of chemical light oil (19.35 million tonnes of c 5 + 21.7 million tonnes of c + 27.26 million tonnes of light stone cerebral oil + 31.10 million tonnes/year, 44.47 tonnes/year of propane, 6.48 million tonnes/year of isobutane, 349 tonnes/year of n-butane, liquefied gas of commodities
15.07 million tonnes/year, fuel liquefied gas (4.47 million tonnes/year); 47.8 million tonnes/year, hydrogen-tailed oils 0.27/year, heavy aromatic hydrocarbons 5.08 million tonnes/year; in addition, 47,000 tonnes/year of high-purity hydrogen surplus is available for full use by enterprises in the petrochemical zone.
Large chemical companies, such as Da An Chemical Industries Ltd., Aksunorbel Chemicals (Ningbo) Ltd., and China's Petrochemical Town Marine Refinery Division, are located in petrochemical development zones, which have a significant industrial cluster effect. The petrochemical development zones have better geography, transport, pollution-purification advantages, as well as good markets and a foundation for chemical industries to gather, and can be developed in petrochemicals.
Some of the material and energy sources in the region have been shared, resulting in an optimal allocation of resources in the petrochemical development zone and a further increase in resources. The cost savings of the gold-based aromatic aromatic device compared to the domestic equivalent have been about 4 billion dollars, a significant reduction in unit investment costs: by completing a fixed increase of 4 billion yuan, the company has reduced interest on loans and reduced financial costs.
The project is designed and built in such a way as to fully develop a revolving economy and to use the resources and materials to the extent that technology is feasible, rational and conducive to resource conservation and environmental protection.
Social and economic benefits are being maximized, as follows: a. Production of high-quality aromatic materialb through the construction of new hydrogen-filling devices, making full use of hydrogen-rich gases produced by the aromatics project, and conversion of heavy aromatic resources produced by the aromatics project into benzene and carbon octa-alkanes products, through the construction of aromatic-diversion devices;
c. Construction of oil flaring equipment, conversion of oil flaring from slag oil lightly produced into clean fuel gas, replacement of the external purchase of sulfur-containing fuel oil with clean fuel gas for use in process heating furnaces, reduction of pollutant emissions and reduction of production
(iii) Three major pta plants along the coast, with a high municipal share, have improved economic efficiency while meeting environmental requirements.
pta is the end product of petrochemicals and the front end of chemicals, such as polyesters, and is one of the major organic materials widely used in various aspects of the national economy, such as chemical fibres, light work, electronics, and construction. pta applications are concentrated, mainly for polyester production, and can also be made into engineering polyester plastics, which can be used as raw materials and dyes for plastic additives.
The company, as one of the leading companies in the pta industry, from north to south along the coastlines of Liao Ninglian, Zhejiang Ningbo and Hainanyangpo, has become increasingly strategic (6 million tonnes/year), Zhejiang Jung-seong (5.5 million tonnes/year) and Hainan Jung-seong (2 million tonnes/year) three major pta plants with a total holding and participation capacity of about 13.5 million tons, or about the total national total in 2017.
Other high-yielding pta firms in the industry include the Helium petrochemicals of 6.6 million tonnes/year, and the Fukuichics of 6.1 million tonnes/year. Second, the demand for downstream benefits is rising rapidly, and the polyesters chain as a whole is better.
(i) px: Energy eruptions are expected to boost imports to replace 1, with a high price differential. Ararocarbons are one of the most important raw materials for the production of petrochemical products, mainly for synthetic resins, synthetic oaks.
Rubber, synthetic fibres, surfactants, etc. can also be used as solvents or additives. In 2016, 98.3% of the total global consumption of px was used for the production of pta and 1.7% for the production of dmt. Global production of dmt is mainly concentrated in North America, Western Europe, and the Middle East, with small production in CIS countries, while Japanese installations continue to fall in loads and will be produced only for specific needs.
The future pta demand for px is expected to increase slightly faster than the average px demand, and dmt demand for px is estimated to be $853 per tonne. The price of paracetal oil continued to rise with international oil prices in the second half of last year, and the px-stone oil price gap gradually narrowed to less than $300 per ton. The price of px fell slightly when it stabilized at the beginning of this year, while the price of px remained high.
In 2016, North-East Asia accounted for 68.4% of global px consumption, most of which came from China. Chinese imports in 2016 were mainly from South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, accounting for 47.3%, respectively.
19.6 per cent of the total consumption of px has increased steadily in recent years, reaching 2,384 million tons in 2017, increasing consumption at a rate of 11.67 per cent. The complex construction and production processes of the aromatic hydrocarbons project and the high level of investment have constrained our aromatic hydrocarbons project.
Despite the rapid development of our aromatic production capacity in recent years, it has not been able to meet the requirements of national economic development, and it is lagging behind the pace of development in downstream pta, tatters, etc. The country’s overall supply gap remains large. External dependence has increased to 60% in 2017, and net imports have continued to rise overall, according to monthly data.
In December 2017, net imports amounted to 1.39 million tons. Due to high domestic demand for aromatic hydrocarbons, the demand for their products was inadequate, and imports of aromatic hydrocarbons have been increasing each year in recent years. Because of the large market demand for aromatic hydrocarbons in our country, the climate is expected to be higher in the coming years, after the expansion of production in 2012-2015, with no additional capacity in the country’s px in the last two years, remaining at 1.83 million tons.
The average start-up rate for px, which benefited from the growth in production at pta, also gradually increased to 68.24 per cent in 2017, with a total domestic production capacity of 1.83 million tonnes per year in 2017, including 250,000 tonnes per year in the Liaoyang Cube Line/px installation. The country is expected to produce about 1.8 million tonnes of new px capacity in 2018.
China’s petrochemical plant will be expanded in the future, and new projects for the integration of refining will be partially considered for the construction of a package of px units, of which the second phase of south China's refining phase will accelerate progress.
Construction began in August 2017 and, according to the schedule, the project will be completed and handed over in March 2019, a pilot vehicle will be delivered in June and a second px will be produced in September, with a capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year;
The 15 million tonnes/yearly refined oils/yearly ethylenes project, which is being expanded in Quanzhou, contains 800,000 tonnes/year px, which began at the end of October 2017 and is expected to be completed by 2019. The 20 million tonnes refined integration project and the 20 million tons refined integration project are planned to be completed between the end of 2018 and the beginning of 2019.
There are also the Rainbow Smelting Integration Project, the Han Pulsification Project, and the new px capacity of Hebei Rue Chemical. (ii) pta: over the low tide, industry re-emerged 1, pta price differentials increased significantly.
In 2017, with downstream polyester recovery, the pta supply and demand structure improved, particularly in the second half of the year, and prices rose steadily, with an average price of $5160 per tonne per year in 2017, gradually reversing the industry’s losses. Price increases in the pta benefited from good cost support on the one hand, and higher prices in the second half of the year.
On the one hand, it benefits from a sustained increase in downstream detergent consumption. In the second half of 2017, pta’s overall supply and demand pattern was tight, pta prices increased by more than px prices, pta-0.655px prices rose significantly to more than $800/tonne, with a maximum of 2; excess capacity gradually exported; fewer new capacity; and the rate of start-up picked up.
Between 2010 and 2014, the country ' s pta production capacity grew at a high rate, from 16.9 million tons in 2010 to 43.42 million tons in 2014, an average annual increase of 26.6 per cent, while output growth did not keep pace with the growth in capacity, and over-exercise of capacity led to a sharp decline in the annual average rate of start-up, from 94 per cent in 2010 to 63 per cent in 2014.
In 2010, pta imports amounted to 5.4 million tons, and by 2017 they had fallen to 530,000 tons, which is very close to the volume of imports. The vast majority of pta used for polyester production worldwide, with 97.8% of pta used for pet production in 2016.
It can also be used as a feedstock for pbt, ptt, and has partially replaced other binary acids in the last two years, such as the production of non-saturated benzene resins through formula modifications, the production of dotp plasticizers, etc., but the overall amount is still relatively small. In 2016, the demand for pbt, dotp, ptt ptt for pta was 1.1%, 0.9%, 0.1%, ptt and pbt, respectively, due to industrialization.
Lately, the main drivers of pta demand growth in the coming years are expected to be polyesters. In 2017, a total of 7.5 million tonnes/year of re-production and new production capacity.
The production line, which is about 70% of the current load, is about 6,000 tonnes per day, 2018, and two other production lines, one of which is 700,000 tonnes/yearly in early November of that year and the other 700,000 tonnes/year in early November, have been set in motion and are currently closed due to storage tanks and raw materials, with 1.4 million tonnes/year operating steadily in 2018.
The rest of the small line is expected to be restarted; the new 2.2 million tonnes/year device for tritium Quintolite has been reported to have been in production since the end of September 2017. However, it was postponed until 14 December, when a test vehicle was started and a line was re-opened in January 2018, with a low capacity for new pta production in the country in 2018, mainly up to 1 million tonnes in Sichuan, as well as the petrochemical capacity of the Quantine.
The 2.2 million tonnes of new production in phase II will be fully operational by 2018. An additional 8.3 million tonnes of capacity are expected in 2019. (iii) Fibres: production capacity is concentrated towards the head, industry is steadily moving towards good 1, consumption is rising at a higher rate and new capacity is increasing at a lower rate.
Polyester fibres, also known as detergents, are currently the largest variety of synthetic fibres, and the main polyester fibres produced by the company include pre-poy (poy), fertiliser (fdy) and detergent wire (dty), with different types and specifications depending on downstream demand.
In the 1990s, as a result of market demand, institutional reforms, and technological advances in national production, it began to take the form of a combination of a combination of natural and other chemical fibres, such as cotton, wool, silk, falcons, clothing, indoor decorative fabrics, carpets, etc.
With the rapid release of polyester production, competition in the industry has increased, product differentiation rates have increased, and the industry has entered a structural adjustment phase. The polyester industry has been warming since late 2014 as a result of reduced new production, the withdrawal of backward production, and the growth of downstream demand.
In recent years, the growth in the production capacity of elixir has slowed, from a peak of 18.24 per cent in 2011 to 2.48 per cent in 2016, to a growth rate of 4.21 per cent in 2017, with a capacity of 34.87 million tons and an average annual rate of start-up.
Domestic consumption has recovered since 2015, reaching 232.49 million tons in 2017, an increase of 6.7 per cent.
According to information from Begawa, 2.91 million tons of long-wire devices will be put into operation in 2018.2 Downstream demand rebounds, international oil prices rose in 2017 to boost the polyester industry chain, deters the filamentary landscape, with a marked increase in average annual prices.
In terms of price differentials and Fdy’s price differentials, since the second half of 2016, price differentials have shifted upwards, with the price-impact differentials of the meg rising in the first two months of 2018 having narrowed somewhat, but still higher than in 2015. With the brutal shuffling of cards in previous years, many firms have been bankrupt, long, prosperous, and proud.
The business interface, the longline market, seems to have ushered in a “new oligarchy era”, with six plants in Poy4+2 currently occupying more than 50 per cent of the total capacity of the pistony, while more than 30 per cent of the Peachy capacity is held in the long, persistent, billion-rich three industries, with a greater concentration of capacity leading to a stronger market voice and a significant increase in the control of market operations.
The long-silver4 index has been rising steadily, rising from 26.49 per cent in 2011 to 37.39 per cent in 2017, and the demand for downstream clothing has continued to decline in previous years, starting with a steady recovery of $145.56 billion in total retail sales throughout the year, rising from 6.2 per cent in early 2017 to 7.8 per cent at the end of the year.
The global economy has recovered, downstream demand has expanded and exports have increased; while supply and demand patterns have continued to improve, upstream and downstream production capacity has increased, since the second half of 2017, the stock of long strips in the river has remained low, poy and pdy have maintained a single-digit number, dty stock has been on the order of 15 days, and the load of the scavenging device has remained close to 80 per cent.
(iv) Persistence load rate (iv) Polyester chain outlook: px profits are expected to be sustained, pta, pta, ptang, silhouette rise with the concentration of our pta capacity in 2006 - 2007 and the pta industry is entering its development phase, increasing its capacity.
This has led to changes in market structures, a gradual return to rationality in the investment enthusiasm of the industry, a substantial expansion of productive capacity that is nearing the end, and the start of phase II, phase II, of production of approximately 2.1 million tons of capacity and an expected additional production of 8.3 million tons in 2019; and a corresponding demand for px of approximately 1.38 million tons and 5.45 million tons, respectively, lower than the projected increase in 2018-2019.
With a capacity of 1.8 million tons and 14.8 million tons. With an additional capacity of 2.91 million tons in 2018, pta needs about 2.5 million tons, which is less than the additional capacity of pta. On balance, we believe that pta’s warmth will continue.
By 2020, px, a priority product in the 13th Five-Year Plan, is expected to remain at a high level of profitability next year, with the px installation expected to rise. By 2019, the company’s petrochemical project was completed, and the chain was extended upstream, so it would have better control over the cost of px.
The rate of productivity growth has declined from year to year, with capacity growth of less than 1 per cent in 2018 and the probability that the price differentials will sustain growth.
Psychicization is to build a 40 million tonnes/year integration project on a green petrochemical base on Fish Hill Island, Choshan Hill County. The project is to be constructed in two phases, with a total size of 40 million tonnes/yearly refined oil, 8 million tonnes/year of dibenzene, 2.8 million tonnes/year of ethylene, and half-yearly. The first phase is expected to be completed by the end of 2018, and a rolling two-phase construction project is projected for 2020.
The total area covered by the project was 1307.9 hectares, of which 452.4 hectares were occupied by the project ' s main project, which was for stock construction, 855.5 hectares were covered by the project, and 74,831 million yuan was invested in the project ' s main project. 30% of the total investment was in the enterprise ' s own funds, while the rest was in the bank.
On the evening of 15 May 2017, Eun Seok Seok-seok announced that 51% of Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd., which was held by the owners of the acquisition holdings for a total of 2,586 million yuan, would become a controlling subsidiary of the Gyeong-eung. Zhe Gyeong-kyeong was established on 18 June 2015 with a registered capital of 23.8 billion yuan, and in addition to the Gyeong Seok-eung investment was made in Zhejiang's investments.