25q3 is a solid and intelligent new layout, and the income from the same ring growth is robust. 1) End of income: 3,953 million dollars from the 2025q3 battalion, same as \triangleright
It's a company that contributes to the elasticity of the company's performance for a core set of suppliers.
Class suv, as Tier1, which is the only one for which front-and-back lights are produced, with a multi-pixel adb system developed by the company on its own in conjunction with a multi-scale dlp module developed jointly by China, can provide precision cover for forward vehicles and pedestrians and significantly improve the driver's experience of car safety.
1. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) are evaluated in the series V: 25q border m9ultra dlp lamps have a value of $30,000.
Starwoo shares (601799.sh) series IV: 25q in April 2025, asked for a formal display of m8 and its "first generation intelligent lighting system" was designed and developed by the company as a light controller from the brain to the executor's front and back. Since June 2025,
In August, the marketing center of the community was 20,000, making it an all-embracing increase in performance. 4. Stars (601799.sh) series II: Downstream, working with card-free robotics strategy to advance joint innovation in the field of intimacy.
\triangleright Clients show a strong product structure that continues to be upgraded by 2024/10/Additional strategic cooperation agreements with card-free robots, with the two parties working together around three core directions: one is a smart leader.
A joint innovation in the field, the development of an integrated smart terminal called "Sense-litre-show-project-interactive" and the promotion of a series of assessment points for the share of the stars (601799.sh): high-quality interactive scenes of smart robots; and the promotion of physically intelligent products through the integration of robots with the ai algorithm.
The project ' s booster traffic taps continue to hit - 2024/08/Innovative applications in intelligent manufacturing such as auto parts and components; and third, the sharing of technical standards and landscape data to promote the nationalization of core components upstream of robotics and downstream applications.
Investment proposals: high-quality lanes for headlamps, the trend of electro-intelligent stimulation drives the volume of light products at a price of profit. \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.