Events: The company recently released its semi-annual performance forecast for 2021, which is attributable to the public.
Corporate performance improved significantly in the first half of the year. The net return profits of companies increased in the first half of 2020, largely as a result of long-term strategic collaboration with downstream front clients, thus maintaining stable orders for sustainability; multiple initiatives reduced efficiency gains and absorbed adverse factors such as high-cost escalation; and high-quality special steel.
The proposed transferable $5 billion in new projects will further enhance the integrated competitiveness of firms and contribute to their high-quality development. This transferable fund will be used for the “three-to-one” product system.
Optimizing Upgrading Project, Central Lake North Special Newized Energy Technology Co. Ltd. Caramel Environmental Upgrading and Integrated Transformations (millions of shares) Project, High Parameter Irrigation of Surplus Energy Project, Process Super Low Emission Environmental Adaptation Project
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) and replenishment funds are organized around the main industry.
First, it will rapidly increase production capacity, optimize product layout, increase the capacity of high-end special steel materials, promote the company's rising share in high-end areas, and tighten up on "3-high medium-secret steel" (000708).
One Special “Development Opportunities for Import Substitution of Products” provides a rapid and efficient response to the high demand of the four-quarter strategy for the development of Sintex in the country's manufacturing powers, with a fast-track assessment of its performance in 2020.
Second, Hubei Middle New Capacitation Technology Ltd. urgently needs to upgrade the fireplaces, and Sinot Steel (000708) adapts and improves the capacity of coke production to effectively meet the requirements of the Great Metallurgical Special Steel Co. Ltd.
Three-quarter review of the performance of Sino-Sinte Steel: Three-quarter demand for production, quality and stability of supply of coke products, stabilization of special smelting, continuous improvement - 2020/10/19.
The steel company has a production process that reduces its production costs.
Mid-Sintell Steel Annual Report: High-scoring growth, power generation projects will significantly reduce energy consumption and improve production efficiency, while purchasing the Red Global Steel Dragon, with a strong investment value.
We have an “import substitution” and a “global share increase” in our upper-middle-end steel.
The new sex industry has been listed by the state as the main development paradigm shift, and the special steel is a key building block for the development of strategic emerging industries, core basic industries, and advanced manufacturing. As our industrialization is advanced and our equipment is upgraded to high-end, high-quality, high-performance, customized.
The market for special steel products is growing steadily. The company, as the global leader in the high- and medium-end steel industry, estimates investment proposals: as the country moves into a high-quality phase of development, demand for high-end manufacturing expands, there is wide scope for medium- and high-end steel development.
High-speed growth in the performance of the global poles of the new super-styrene materials, the rising weight of the high-end steel, the high-quality growth of the global poles of the new-styrene materials in line with the trend of “carbon neutralization”
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.