The resonance of growth, the globalization of imports and the opening of space for Sinot steel.
The company is the largest steel producer in the world and is more resilient to cyclical fluctuations.
Large, special steel companies are the global steel industry with a large coverage and a long product certification cycle. Companies have been deep-farming for years as super-column companies, with a high degree of differentiation, covering the production of a variety of special steel products with a wide range of product categories.
The service and front-loading marketing model establishes long-term strategic cooperation and passenger bases with the downstream industry’s leading clients.
The distribution of households and the high share of the same products (high standard bearing steel, high-end automobile steel, more than 60%). The industries of armoury, aerospace, new energy, etc., make corporate orders more sustainable. The global economy was affected by public health events in 2020, but was affected by them.
For the benefit of the structural expansion of domestic machinery, automobiles, new energy niche steel demand and stronger customer stickyness, the Department achieved 145.2 million tons (+5.77%) of commodity material production and 1,399 million tons (+5.43%) of sales, with the “triple one” institutional advantage being the firm's core competitiveness.
Advanced management concepts and a flexible and efficient decision-making mechanism for SNCs, a “triple one” institutional advantage that guarantees a firm's ability to respond quickly and flexibly to market changes, and also gives it a strong cost-control capacity.
Despite a slight decline in company steel prices in 2020, the combined Māori ratio declined only to a small extent due to a drop in raw materials (in 2020, iron ore rose, circulationb/h (millions) in the context of prices of corporate tons of steel raw materials, which decreased by $48 to $3245 per ton).
The Qingdao Environmental Relocation Project contributes to the expansion of high-quality production capacity. The company currently owns about 14 million U.S. steel production.
Tons, the launch of the Qingdao Special Steel Environmental Relocation Project will add 1.13 million tonnes of annual production capacity (+8.1%, project 62% completed and expected to start production in the second half of 2021). We believe that the global manufacturing of vehicles, machinery, energy, etc. in the post-epidemiology era will return to trend expansion, taking into account company plans for sales in 2021.
With 1,433 million tons (+2.43%), the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow with cyclical output delivery. The product structure continues to be high-end, and profitability continues to improve.
In the middle, the company’s sales of “three to one-time” products increased by more than 50% over the same period, and the sales of special steel materials for defence equipment increased by more than 40%. Given that the Māori rate for military-industrial steel is significantly higher than for civilian goods (the Māori rate for domestic military goods is often more than 40%), higher-end sales of products contribute to a further increase in profitability.
Implementation of counter-cyclical acquisitions of Shanghai electrical and steel tubes and increased concentration in the energy industry. After the acquisition of large smelt steel, Qingjia steel, Qingjiang steel and Zhejiang Taefu steel tubes yielded significant economic benefits, January 2021 s1480080002
The company successfully won 40 per cent of the share of the Shanghai electrical steel pipe (valued at $400 million for participation in management), the latter with a core asset of 51.02 per cent of Tianjin steel tubes and 3.5 million tons of seamless steel tubes (about 8 per cent of the country, industry number one). Given the strong market competition for the Tianjin steel pipe in energy pipelines,
The s14,805,1908001 power and influence is one of the leading companies in the seamless steel pipe industry in our country and globally, and the acquisition will have a positive synergy with the company ' s original energy pipe business (1.5 million tons, or about 3 per cent of the country).
In addition, the current concentration of the country's excellent steel and seamless steel industries needs to be increased, and companies have strong operating cash flows and monetary funds, coupled with rich M & As experience, and more extended M & As for the future.
Globalization and the replacement of high-end steel state-owned products provide a space for companies to grow. The world’s annual exports of steel together amount to about 30 million tons, while China’s actual exports of steel represent only about 15 per cent, a combined market share of over 50 per cent (15 million tons) in terms of production capacity, and for the company’s current exports of 14 million tons of steel.
In addition, China’s high-end steel is dependent on imports, with a market capacity of more than 30 billion yuan per year of national production substitution. Companies are accelerating their push for “cricket” materials, which will provide a new driver for their product structure optimization and performance growth.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect companies to achieve business income by 2021-2023, respectively, figure 1: Company product application classification by 2020, figure 2: Company output growth by 2020
Figure 5: Business income of companies increased by 2.9 per cent in 2020 (million yuan)
Figure 12: Global or at the beginning of a new cycle of Jugra.
Sinot steel (000708). Growth in capacity- and demand-resilient power, globalization and import substitution to open up space, source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation report Sintex steel (000708); Growth in capacity- and demand-resilient power, globalization and import substitution opening up space for Zhang Teng Fong
He won the second prize for joint research on futures issues at the China Financial Futures Exchange and the third prize for joint research on futures issues; and the third prize for silver and copper in multimedia for the Chinese version of the competition for futures and products: the third prize for the soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
China Kim's share is in the finals of the market competition. He was a writer in Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal, and a future delivery in Shanghai, Zhang Qing Qing, including 5 sci papers published by the first author (cumulative if > 10): research work in Bo Steel, 2015-2018, during which he chaired or participated.
A number of new product development projects have been applied to priority projects; the Alliance’s East Hing securities were added in May 2018.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.