The 19-year performance forecast meets expectations, and the combined advantage remains the lead.
In addition, the company intends to launch a high-end series of top-up product matrices. (2) Engineering channels: q1-q3 earned 1,547 million yuan in 19 years.
(+50.90 per cent) is the main growth point in corporate performance, and a strategy has been signed with 47 of the top 100 estates to accommodate everyone: the model is gradually being streamlined, the interests of the traditional retail distributors are being harmonized, and the growth of the stores is expected to double each year, and the independent production line is being built to reduce efficiency gains.
In addition to the successful development of the class of goods, the t5 programme has been introduced as a single value: in the first three quarters, the company ' s kitchens/cloths/guards were 100 million yuan (+43.30 per cent) and 413 million yuan (+37.37 per cent) were the most well integrated, and the company ' s closets were advanced t5 programme, which focused on the entire bedroom space, enhancement of functional fittings and customizations.
We're looking at the recovery of the post-natal cycle: we're ruling out the excess construction area that has been built up as the development cycle stabilizes and the pre-construction work has begun and the construction has been overtaken by events.
It is expected to move steadily to completion, with a marked upward shift in the pace of completion from 19q3 onwards, as the recovery of next year’s housing delivery data continues to fuel home-based business orders. The long-term share of channel change escorts has been raised, and the vanguard has been consolidated: the corporate product matrix is rich and everyone has been warming up.
1. " Europa Homes (603833): q3 is on the move, while actively promoting the downfall of retail outlets, exploring majors, electricity dealers, fittings, upswinging growth, and performing well in retail outlets.
Channel change, we believe that companies have a combined advantage in the multiplicity of goods, channels, management performance, supply chains, etc. 2019-10-30, and look forward to their continued integration of market shares!
II. Europole (603833): Excellent cash flow, multi-kind multi-channel support Performance against expectations, long-term growth path cleared
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board