The performance forecast for 2019 meets expectations, major and non-seller business boosts growth. The company issued an annual performance notice for 2019: during the reporting period, the company achieved its camp in 2019.
\triangleright received $211 million in government grants and initial recognition of revenue-related government grants of approximately 128 million.
Highest/minimum in year: market value of liquiditya shares (millions of yuan): corporate performance rebounded steadily each year, mainly in relation to the warming of the area of completed property and the company ' s strong presence in the industry
We're in the center of the strategy, the cabinet business is growing steadily, and sales of new products are growing at a sharp rate. \triangleright Group of Products, in the first three quarters of 2019, company cabinets generated $4.496 billion (+6.19%).
The Māori rate has fallen by 1.08 ptt over the same period; the performance contribution of the closets has been increasing to $3.305 billion (+21.27 per cent) and the Māori rate has increased by 0.82 pt over the same period; the overall bath has achieved $439 million in combined sales across channels, with high growth in the bulk of the business.
\triangleright, Europa Home (603833.sh): Growing up, profitability and excellence, full-source marketing.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, warms off the property margin, changing demand for furniture and customer traffic over the next two years
In Beijing, there was an improvement in China's 28th West Side Street in Beijing, and the performance of good companies has risen steadily. Home sales have recovered since the beginning of the year, with negative growth rates, and the marginal improvement in the completion of the property has exceeded expectations. According to data from the National Statistical Office, goods houses were housed in January-November.
7th floor of inter-centre 13.80 million square metres of household sales, an increase of 1.60 per cent over the same period; completed area of national residential construction in January-November
Over the next two years, the demand for furniture will be directly supported by a shift from home completion to furniture consumption over a period of about 6 to 12 months, with a return to home sales and completed area warming, with company performance expected to pick up steadily in 2020.
With the completion of the property and the improvement in the sale of new buildings in the second-line city, corporate performance \triangleright is expected to continue to pick up steadily in the fourth quarter of 19 years.
The company is expected to achieve a net return to its parent company in 2019-2021 with less than expected macroeconomic growth; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion less than expected; original \triangleright
Risks of price fluctuations; risk management by distributors; risk of large-scale business refunds; attitude, independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or observations in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.