In conjunction with the general public, Qingshan Keung, the global leadership in the integration of lithium electric materials was launched on 21st of March 2022.
The \triangleright industrial chain cooperation reached strategic and cooperative intentions, respectively, to co-locate the development of cobalt nickel resources in Indonesia, and the integration of positive materials in power cells such as nickel cobalt sulphate refining, pre-drive processing and positive material production.
Analysis and diagnosis: Top control resources, bottom-up materials, building a new internationally competitive manufacturing platform for \triangleright-based lithium-emitting materials integrated. This strategic collaboration revolves around upstream nickel-cobalt resources and downstream lithium-electric positives.
(a) Three-way joint upstream ventures: nickel and cobalt resource development operations in Indonesia, Joint Group
Establishment of a joint venture to plan for the construction of products of approximately 120,000 tons of nickel and 15,000 tons of cobalt metal per year, which would meet the supply of nickel and cobalt raw materials for approximately 160 gwh batteries; 2) establishment of a downstream joint venture with mass vehicles: the parties will establish a joint venture for the integration of the new energy lithium electric material in Guangxi, China, etc.
The establishment of enterprises engaged in nickel and cobalt sulphate refining, trinity drivers and the manufacture of trinity material production, Qiuzu, and will enhance technological innovation in the entire industry chain, such as pre-drivers, orthodoxy materials, to help leverage their resources,
We believe that this cooperation will further guarantee the company’s future growth. The only way to expand the two technological routes of “triple plus lithium” is through a comprehensive deployment of upstream resources, such as lithium cobalt and nickel.
\triangleright Integrated Lithium Electric Materials Leader, which is expected to grow rapidly with high implementation, low-cost advantages, and full-scale technological routing. 1) With high implementation, future projects will grow in land and capacity and corporate performance will grow even more.
Cricket: The China Metal Wet Smelting Project, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel annually under the company's flag, has been pre-positioned in 2021q4
The work has begun and the future growth of the company's production capacity is more certain; (2) the resource configuration is well developed and the integrated layout is in place. 2. The Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799) announces that there has been significant performance.
This advantage has gradually highlighted the size of the company's copper and cobalt plate, which has been accompanied by the growth of the Indonesian nickel project, the Zimbabwean arcadia, a good look at the layout of the lithium electric material, the subsequent production of the lithium mining project, and the progressive development of integrated capacity, such as the state-of-the-State-A-Yo and Guangxi-Change swaps project.
Landing, in terms of cost, the company will build a deep moat river; 3) tied to downstream depth, and future sales will be guaranteed: the company will jointly build a plant with the offshore taps of lg, posco, followed by a strategic agreement with all-inclusive, sylvane, moor and swim customers, locking in 6415-92.65 million pre-removements for 2022-2025.
Sales, and future growth are highly definite. 4) The technology route is well structured, and there is no fear of future technological change: the company works together to build 500,000 tons of productive capacity, acquires 10,000 tons of manufactured capacity, 75,000 tons of phosphate lithium is being built, and the downstream battery technology route has been refined to further enhance future growth.
Investment proposal: The upstream resource layout of the company is perfect, the downstream lithium power expansion is expected to go smoothly and fast, and is tied to international resources and the depth of the car ' s giants, growing with certainty and a deep moat. We maintain \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.